REGULATORY RISKS

Citi faces significant
regulatory changes around the world which could negatively impact its
businesses, especially given the unfavorable environment facing financial
institutions and the lack of international coordination.

As discussed in more
detail throughout this section, Citi continues to be subject to a significant
number of new regulatory requirements and changes from numerous sources, both in
the U.S. and internationally, which could negatively impact its businesses,
revenues and earnings. These reforms and proposals are occurring largely
simultaneously and generally not on a coordinated basis. In addition, as a
result of the financial crisis in the U.S., as well as the continuing adverse
economic climate globally, Citi, as well as other financial institutions, is
subject to an increased level of distrust, scrutiny and skepticism from numerous
constituencies, including the public, state, federal and foreign regulators, the
media and within the political arena. This environment, in which the U.S. and
international regulatory initiatives are being debated and implemented,
engenders not only a bias towards more regulation, but towards the most
prescriptive regulation for financial institutions. As a result of this ongoing
negative environment, there could be additional regulatory requirements beyond
those already proposed, adopted or even currently contemplated by U.S. or
international regulators. It is not clear what the cumulative impact of all of
this regulatory reform will be.

The ongoing
implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act, as well as international regulatory
reforms, continues to create much uncertainty for Citi, including with respect
to the management of its businesses, the amount and timing of the resulting
increased costs and its ability to compete.

Despite enactment in July 2010, the complete scope
and ultimate form of a number of provisions of The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform
and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (Dodd-Frank Act), such as the heightened
prudential standards applicable to large financial companies, the so-called
“Volcker Rule” and the regulation of derivatives markets, are still in
developmental stages and significant rulemaking and interpretation remains.
Moreover, agencies and offices created by the Dodd-Frank Act, such as the Bureau
of Consumer Financial Protection, are in their early stages and the extent and
timing of regulatory efforts by these bodies remains to be
seen. 

     This uncertainty
is further compounded by the numerous regulatory efforts underway outside the
U.S. Certain of these efforts overlap with the substantive provisions of the
Dodd-Frank Act, while others, such as proposals for financial transaction and/or
bank taxes in particular countries or regions, do not. In addition, even where
these U.S. and international regulatory efforts overlap, these efforts generally
have not been undertaken on a coordinated basis. Areas where divergence between
U.S. regulators and their international counterparts exists or has begun to
develop (whether with respect to scope, interpretation, timing, approach or
otherwise) includes trading, clearing and reporting requirements for derivatives
transactions, higher U.S. capital and margin requirements relating to uncleared
derivatives transactions, and capital and liquidity requirements that may result
in mandatory “ring-fencing” of capital or liquidity in certain jurisdictions,
among others.

     Regulatory uncertainty makes future
planning with respect to the management of Citi’s businesses more difficult. For
example, the cumulative effect of the new derivative rules and sequencing of
implementation requirements will have a significant impact on how Citi chooses
to structure its derivatives business and its selection of legal entities in
which to conduct this business. Until these rules are final and interpretive
questions are answered, management’s business planning and proposed pricing for
this business necessarily include assumptions based on proposed rules. Incorrect
assumptions could impede Citi’s ability to effectively implement and comply with
the final requirements in a timely manner. Management’s planning is further
complicated by the continual need to review and evaluate the impact to the
business of an ongoing flow of rule proposals and interpretations from numerous
regulatory bodies, all within compressed
timeframes.

In addition, the operational and technological costs associated with
implementation of, as well as the ongoing compliance costs associated with, all
of these regulations will likely be substantial. Given the continued
uncertainty, the ultimate amount and timing of such costs going forward are
difficult to predict. In 2011, Citi invested approximately $1 billion in order
to meet various regulatory requirements, and this amount did not include many of
the costs likely to be incurred pursuant to the implementation of the Dodd-Frank
Act or other regulatory initiatives. For example, the proposed Volcker Rule
contemplates a comprehensive internal controls system as well as extensive data
collection and reporting duties with respect to “proprietary trading,” and rules
for registered swap dealers impose extensive recordkeeping requirements and
business conduct rules for dealing with customers. All of these costs negatively
impact Citi’s earnings. Given Citi’s global footprint, its implementation and
compliance risks and costs are more complex and could be more substantial than
its competitors. Ongoing compliance with inconsistent, conflicting or
duplicative regulations across U.S. and international jurisdictions, or failure
to implement or comply with these new regulations on a timely basis, could
further increase costs or harm Citi’s reputation generally. 

Citi could also be subject to more stringent
regulation because of its global footprint. In accordance with the Dodd-Frank
Act, in December 2011 the Federal Reserve Board proposed a set of heightened
prudential standards that will be applicable to large financial companies such
as Citi. The proposal dictates requirements for aggregate counterparty exposure
limits and enhanced risk management processes and oversight, among other things.
Compliance with these standards could result in restrictions on Citi’s
activities. Moreover, other financial institutions, including so-called “shadow
banking” financial intermediaries, providing many of the same or similar
services or products that Citi makes available to its customers, may not be
regulated on the same basis or to the same extent as Citi and consequently may
also have certain competitive advantages.

Finally, uncertainty persists as to the extent to which Citi will be
subject to more stringent regulations than its foreign competitors with respect
to several of the regulatory initiatives, particularly in its non-U.S.
operations, including certain aspects of the proposed restrictions under the
Volcker Rule and derivatives clearing and margin requirements. Differences in
substance 

55

or severity of regulations
across jurisdictions could significantly reduce Citi’s ability to compete with
foreign competitors, in a variety of businesses and geographic areas, and thus
further negatively impact Citi’s earnings.

Citi’s prospective
regulatory capital requirements remain uncertain and will likely be higher than
many of its competitors. There is a risk that Citi will be unable to meet these
new standards in the timeframe expected by the market or regulators.

As discussed in more
detail under “Capital Resources and Liquidity – Capital Resources – Regulatory
Capital Standards” above, Citi’s prospective regulatory capital requirements
continue to be subject to extensive rulemaking and interpretation. Ongoing areas
of rulemaking include, among others, (i) the final Basel III rules applicable to
U.S. financial institutions, including Citi, (ii) capital surcharges for global
systemically important banks (G-SIBs), including the extent of the surcharge to
be initially imposed on Citi, and (iii) implementation of the Dodd-Frank Act,
including imposition of enhanced prudential capital requirements on financial
institutions that are deemed to pose a systemic risk to market-wide financial
stability as well as provisions requiring the elimination of credit ratings from
capital regulations and the Collins
Amendment.

It is clear that final U.S. rules implementing Basel III, the G-SIB
surcharge and the capital-related provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act will
significantly increase Citi’s regulatory capital requirements, including the
amount of capital required to be in the form of common equity. However, the
various regulatory capital levels Citi must maintain, the types of capital that
will meet these requirements and the specific capital requirements associated
with Citi’s assets remain uncertain. For example, Citi may be required to
replace certain of its existing regulatory capital in a compressed timeframe or
in unfavorable markets in order to comply with final rules implementing Basel
III and the Collins Amendment, which eliminated trust preferred securities from
the definition of Tier 1 Capital. In addition, the alternative approaches
proposed to replace the use of credit ratings in accordance with the Dodd-Frank
Act and final rules implementing Basel II.5 could require Citi to hold more
capital against certain of its assets than it must currently. 

The lack of final regulatory capital requirements
impedes long-term capital planning by Citi’s management. Citi is not able to
accurately forecast its capital requirements for particular exposures which
complicates its ability to assess the future viability of, and appropriate
pricing for, certain of its products. In addition, while management may desire
to take certain actions to optimize Citi’s regulatory capital profile, such as
the reduction of certain investments in unconsolidated financial entities,
without clarity as to the final standards, there is risk in management either
taking actions based on assumed or proposed rules or waiting to take action
until final rules that are implemented in compressed timeframes.

Citi’s projected ability to comply with the new
capital requirements as they are implemented, or earlier, is also based on
certain assumptions specific to Citi’s businesses, including its future earnings
in Citicorp, the continued wind-down of Citi Holdings and the monetization of
Citi’s deferred tax assets. If management’s assumptions with respect to certain
aspects of Citi’s 

businesses prove to be
incorrect, it could negatively impact Citi’s ability to comply with the future
regulatory capital requirements in a timely manner or in a manner consistent
with market or regulator expectations. 

Citi’s regulatory capital requirements will also likely be higher than
many of its competitors. Citi’s strategic focus on emerging markets, for
example, will likely result in higher risk-weighted assets and thus potentially
higher capital requirements than its less global or less
emerging-markets-focused competitors. In addition, within the U.S., Citi will
likely face higher regulatory capital requirements than most of its U.S.-based
competitors that are not subject to the G-SIB surcharge (or the same level of
surcharge) or the heightened prudential capital requirements to be imposed on
systemically important financial institutions. Internationally, there have
already been instances of Basel III not being consistently adopted or applied
across countries or regions. Any lack of a level playing field with respect to
capital requirements for Citi as compared to peers or less regulated financial
intermediaries, both in the U.S. and internationally, could put Citi at a
competitive disadvantage.

As proposed, changes in
regulation of derivatives required under the Dodd-Frank Act will require
significant and costly restructuring of Citi’s derivatives businesses in order
to meet the new market structures and could affect the competitive position of
these businesses.

Once
fully implemented, the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act relating to the
regulation of derivatives will result in comprehensive reform of the derivatives
markets. Reforms will include requiring a wide range of over-the-counter
derivatives to be cleared through recognized clearing facilities and traded on
exchanges or exchange-like facilities, the collection and segregation of
collateral for most uncleared derivatives, extensive public transaction
reporting and business conduct requirements, and significantly broadened
restrictions on the size of positions that may be maintained in specified
commodity derivatives. While some of the regulations have been finalized, the
rulemaking process is still not complete, and the timing for the effectiveness
of many of these requirements is not yet clear. 

The proposed rules implementing the derivatives
provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act will necessitate costly and resource-intensive
changes to certain areas of Citi’s derivatives business structures and
practices. Those changes will include restructuring the legal entities through
which those businesses are conducted and the successful and timely installation
of extensive technological and operational systems and compliance
infrastructure, among others. Effective legal entity restructuring will also be
dependent on clients and regulators, and so may be subject to delays or
disruptions not fully under Citi’s control. Moreover, new derivatives-related
systems and infrastructure will likely become the basis on which institutions
such as Citi compete for clients and, to the extent that Citi’s connectivity or
services for clients in these businesses is deficient, Citi could be at a
competitive disadvantage. More generally, the contemplated reforms will make
trading in many derivatives products more costly and may significantly reduce
the liquidity of certain derivatives markets and diminish customer demand for
covered derivatives. These changes could negatively impact Citi’s earnings from
these businesses.

56

     Reforms similar to the derivatives provisions and proposed regulations
under the Dodd-Frank Act are also contemplated in the European Union and certain
other jurisdictions. These reforms appear likely to take effect after the
provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and, as a result, it is uncertain whether they
will be similar to those in the U.S. or will impose different or additional
requirements on Citi’s derivative activities. Complications due to the
sequencing of the effectiveness of derivatives reform, both among different
components of the Dodd-Frank Act and between the U.S. and other jurisdictions,
could give rise to further disruptions and competitive dislocations.

The proposed regulations implementing the
derivatives provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, if adopted without modification,
would also adversely affect the competitiveness of Citi’s non-U.S. operations.
For example, the proposed regulations would require some of Citi’s non-U.S.
operations to collect more margin from its non-U.S. derivatives customers than
Citi’s foreign bank competitors may be required to collect. The Dodd-Frank Act
also contains a so-called “push-out” provision that will prevent FDIC-insured
depository institutions from dealing in certain equity, commodity and
credit-related derivatives. Citi conducts a substantial portion of its
derivatives-dealing activities through its insured depository institution and,
to the extent that certain of Citi’s competitors already conduct such activities
outside of FDIC-insured depository institutions, Citi would be
disproportionately impacted by any restructuring of its business for push-out
purposes. Moreover, the extent to which Citi’s non-U.S. operations will be
impacted by the push-out provision and other derivative provisions remains
unclear, and it is possible that Citi could lose market share or profitability
in its derivatives business or client relationships in jurisdictions where
foreign bank competitors can operate without the same constraints.

The proposed
restrictions imposed on proprietary trading and funds-related activities under
the “Volcker Rule” provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act could adversely impact
Citi’s market-making activities and may cause Citi to dispose of certain of its
investments at less than fair value.

The “Volcker Rule” provisions of the Dodd-Frank
Act are intended to restrict the proprietary trading activities of institutions
such as Citi, as well as such institutions’ sponsorship and investment in hedge
funds and private equity funds. In October 2011, the Federal Reserve Board, OCC,
FDIC and SEC proposed regulations that would implement these restrictions and
the CFTC followed with its proposed regulations in January 2012.

The proposed regulations contain narrow exceptions
for market-making, underwriting, risk-mitigating hedging, certain transactions
on behalf of customers and activities in certain asset classes, and require that
certain of these activities be designed not to encourage or reward “proprietary
risk taking.” Because the regulations are not yet final, the degree to which
Citi’s activities in these areas will be permitted to continue in their current
form remains uncertain. Moreover, if adopted as proposed, the rules would
require an extensive compliance regime around these “permitted” activities, and
Citi could incur significant ongoing compliance and monitoring costs, including
with respect to the frequent reporting of extensive metrics and risk

analytics, to the regulatory
agencies. In addition, the proposed rules and any restrictions imposed by final
regulations in this area will also likely affect Citi’s trading activities
globally, and thus will impact it disproportionately in comparison to foreign
financial institutions that will not be subject to the Volcker Rule with respect
to their activities outside of the U.S.

In addition, under the funds-related provisions of the Volcker Rule, bank
regulators have the flexibility to provide firms with extensions allowing them
to hold their otherwise restricted investments in private equity and hedge funds
for some time beyond the statutory divestment period. If the regulators elect
not to grant such extensions, Citi could be forced to divest certain of its
investments in illiquid funds in the secondary market on an untimely basis.
Based on the illiquid nature of the investments and the prospect that other
industry participants subject to similar requirements would likely be divesting
similar assets at the same time, such sales could be at substantial discounts to
their fair value.

The establishment of the
new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, as well as other provisions of the
Dodd-Frank Act and ensuing regulations, could affect Citi’s practices and
operations with respect to a number of its U.S. Consumer businesses and increase
its costs.

The Dodd-Frank
Act established the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB). Among other
things, the CFPB was given rulemaking authority over most providers of consumer
financial services in the U.S., examination and enforcement authority over the
consumer operations of large banks, as well as interpretive authority with
respect to numerous existing consumer financial services regulations. The CFPB
began exercising these oversight authorities over the largest banks, including
Citibank, N.A., during 2011.

Because this is an entirely new agency, the impact on Citi, including its
retail banking, mortgages and cards businesses, is largely uncertain. However,
any new regulatory requirements, or modified interpretations of existing
regulations, will affect Citi’s U.S. Consumer business practices and operations,
potentially resulting in increased compliance costs. Furthermore, the CFPB
represents an additional source of potential enforcement or litigation against
Citi and, as an entirely new agency with a focus on consumer protection, the
CFPB may have new or different enforcement or litigation strategies than those
typically utilized by other regulatory agencies. Such actions could further
increase Citi’s costs.

In addition, the provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act relating to the
doctrine of “federal preemption” may allow a broader application of state
consumer financial laws to federally chartered institutions such as Citibank,
N.A. Moreover, the Dodd-Frank Act eliminated federal preemption protection for
operating subsidiaries of federally chartered institutions. The Dodd-Frank Act
also codified existing case law which allowed state authorities to bring certain
types of enforcement actions against national banks under applicable state law
and granted states the ability to bring enforcement actions and to secure
remedies against national banks for violation of CFPB regulations as well. This
potential exposure to state lawsuits and enforcement actions, which could be
extensive, could also subject Citi to increased litigation and regulatory
enforcement actions, further increasing costs.

57

     The
Dodd-Frank Act also provides authority to the SEC to determine fiduciary duty
standards applicable to brokers for retail customers. Any new such standards or
related SEC rulemakings could also affect Citi’s business practices with retail
investment customers and have indirect additional effects on standards
applicable to its business practices with certain institutional customers. Such
standards could also likely entail additional compliance costs and result in
potential incremental liability. 

Regulatory requirements
in the U.S. and other jurisdictions aimed at facilitating the future orderly
resolution of large financial institutions could result in Citi having to change
its business structures, activities and practices in ways that negatively impact
its operations.

The
Dodd-Frank Act requires Citi to prepare a plan for the rapid and orderly
resolution of Citigroup, the bank holding company, under the Bankruptcy Code in
the event of future material financial distress or failure. Citi is also
required to prepare a resolution plan for its insured depository institution
subsidiary, Citibank, N.A., and to demonstrate how it is adequately protected
from the risks presented by non-bank affiliates. These plans must include
information on resolution strategy, major counterparties and
“interdependencies,” among other things, and will require substantial effort,
time and cost. These resolution plans will be subject to review by the Federal
Reserve Board and the FDIC. 

Based on regulator review of these plans, Citi may have to restructure or
reorganize businesses, legal entities, or operational systems and intracompany
transactions in ways that negatively impact its operations, or be subject to
restrictions on growth. For example, Citi could be required to create new
subsidiaries instead of branches in foreign jurisdictions, or create
subsidiaries to conduct particular businesses or operations (so-called
“subsidiarization”), which would, among other things, increase Citi’s legal,
regulatory and managerial costs, negatively impact Citi’s global capital and
liquidity management and potentially impede its global strategy. Citi could also
eventually be subjected to more stringent capital, leverage or liquidity
requirements, or be required to divest certain assets or operations, if both
regulators determine that Citi’s resolution plans do not meet statutory
requirements and Citi does not remedy the deficiencies within required time
periods.

In addition, other
jurisdictions, such as the United Kingdom, have requested or are expected to
request resolution plans from financial institutions, including Citi, and the
requirements and timing relating to these plans are different from the U.S.
requirements and each other. Responding to these additional requests will
require additional effort, time and cost, and regulatory review and requirements
in these jurisdictions could be in addition to, or conflict with, changes
requested by Citi’s regulators in the U.S.

Citi could be harmed
competitively if it is unable to hire or retain highly qualified employees as a
result of regulatory requirements regarding compensation practices or
otherwise.

Citi’s
performance and competitive standing is heavily dependent on the talents and
efforts of the highly skilled individuals that it is able to attract and retain.
Competition for highly qualified individuals within the financial services
industry has been, and will likely continue to be, intense. Compensation is a
key element of attracting and retaining highly qualified employees. Banking and
other regulators in the U.S., European Union and elsewhere are in the process of
developing principles, regulations and other guidance governing what are deemed
to be sound compensation practices and policies. However, the steps that will be
required to implement any new requirements, and the consequences of
implementation, remain uncertain. In addition, compensation may continue to be a
legislative focus both in Europe and in the U.S. as there has been significant
legislation in Europe and the U.S. in recent years regarding compensation for
certain employees of financial institutions, including provisions of the
Dodd-Frank Act. 

Changes required to be made to Citi’s compensation policies and practices
may hinder Citi’s ability to compete in or manage its businesses effectively, to
expand into or maintain its presence in certain businesses and regions, or to
remain competitive in offering new financial products and services. This is
particularly the case in emerging markets, where Citi is often competing for
qualified employees with financial institutions that are not subject to the same
regulatory regimes as Citi and that are also seeking to expand in these markets.
Moreover, new disclosure requirements or other legislation or regulation may
result from the worldwide regulatory processes described above. If this were to
occur, Citi could be required to make additional disclosures relating to the
compensation of its employees or to restrict or modify its compensation
policies, any of which could hurt its ability to hire, retain and motivate its
key employees and thus harm it competitively, particularly in respect of
companies not subject to these requirements.

Provisions of the
Dodd-Frank Act and other regulations relating to securitizations will impose
additional costs on securitization transactions, increase Citi’s potential
liability in respect of securitizations and may prohibit Citi from performing
certain roles in securitizations, each of which could make it impractical to
execute certain types of transactions and may have an overall negative effect on
the recovery of the securitization markets.

Citi plays a variety of roles in asset
securitization transactions, including acting as underwriter of asset-backed
securities, depositor of the underlying assets into securitization vehicles,
trustee to securitization vehicles and counterparty to securitization vehicles
under derivative contracts. The Dodd-Frank Act contains a number of provisions
that affect securitizations. Among other provisions, these include a requirement
that securitizers retain un-hedged exposure to at least 5% of the economic risk
of certain assets they securitize, a prohibition on securitization participants
engaging in transactions that would involve a conflict with investors in the
securitization, 

58

and extensive additional
requirements for review and disclosure of the characteristics of the assets
underlying the securitizations. The SEC has also proposed additional extensive
regulation of both publicly and privately offered securitization transactions
(so-called “Reg AB II”). 

The cumulative effect of these extensive
regulatory changes, many of which have not been finalized, as well as other
potential future regulatory changes, such as GSE reform, on securitization
markets, the nature and profitability of securitization transactions, and Citi’s
participation therein, cannot currently be assessed. It is likely, however, that
these various measures will increase the costs of executing securitization
transactions, and could effectively limit Citi’s overall volume of, and the role
Citi may play in, securitizations, expose Citi to additional potential liability
for securitization transactions and make it impractical for Citi to execute
certain types of securitization transactions it previously executed. In
addition, certain sectors of the securitization markets, particularly
residential mortgage-backed securitizations, have been inactive or experienced
dramatically diminished transaction volumes since the financial crisis. The
impact of various regulatory reform measures could negatively delay or restrict
any future recovery of these sectors of the securitization markets, and thus the
opportunities for Citi to participate in securitization transactions in such
sectors.

The Financial Accounting
Standards Board (FASB) is currently reviewing or proposing changes to several
key financial accounting and reporting standards utilized by Citi which, if
adopted as proposed, could have a material impact on how Citi records and
reports its financial condition and results of
operations.

The FASB is
currently reviewing or proposing changes to several of the financial accounting
and reporting standards that govern key aspects of Citi’s financial statements.
While the outcome of these reviews and proposed changes is uncertain and
difficult to predict, certain of these changes could have a material impact on
how Citi records and reports its financial condition and results of operations,
and could hinder understanding or cause confusion across comparative financial
statement periods. For example, the FASB’s financial instruments project could,
among other things, significantly change how Citi determines the impairment on
those assets and accounts for hedges. In addition, the FASB’s leasing project
could eliminate most operating leases and instead capitalize them, which would
result in a gross-up of Citi’s balance sheet and a change in the timing of
income and expense recognition patterns for leases. 

Moreover, the FASB continues its convergence
project with the 
International
Accounting Standards Board (IASB) pursuant to which U.S. GAAP and International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) are to be converged. The FASB and IASB
continue to have significant disagreements on the convergence of certain key
standards affecting financial reporting, including accounting for financial
instruments and hedging. In addition, the SEC has not yet determined whether,
when or how U.S. companies will be required to adopt IFRS. There can be no
assurance that the transition to IFRS, if and when required to be adopted by
Citi, will not have a material impact on how Citi reports its financial results,
or that Citi will be able to meet any required transition
timeline.

MARKET AND ECONOMIC
RISKS

The ongoing Eurozone
debt crisis could have significant adverse effects on Citi’s business, results
of operations, financial condition and liquidity, particularly if it leads to
any sovereign debt defaults, significant bank failures or defaults and/or the
exit of one or more countries from the European Monetary
Union.

The ongoing
Eurozone debt crisis has caused, and is likely to continue to cause, disruption
in global financial markets, particularly if it leads to any future sovereign
debt defaults and/or significant bank failures or defaults in the Eurozone. In
spite of a number of stabilization measures taken since spring 2010, yields on
government bonds of certain Eurozone countries, including Greece, Ireland,
Italy, Portugal and Spain, have remained volatile. In addition, some European
banks and insurers have experienced a widening of credit spreads (and the
resulting decreased availability and increased costs of funding) as a result of
uncertainty regarding the exposure of such European financial institutions to
these countries. This widening of credit spreads and increased cost of funding
has also affected Citi due to concerns about its Eurozone
exposure. 

The market disruptions in the
Eurozone could intensify or spread further, particularly if ongoing
stabilization efforts prove insufficient. Concerns have been raised as to the
financial, political and legal ineffectiveness of measures taken to date.
Continued economic turmoil in the Eurozone could have a significant negative
impact on Citi, both directly through its own exposures and indirectly due to a
decline in general global economic conditions, which could particularly impact
Citi given its global footprint and strategy. See “Managing Global Risk—Country
and Cross-Border Risk” below. There can be no assurance that the various steps
Citi has taken to protect its businesses, results of operations and financial
condition against the results of the Eurozone crisis will be sufficient.

The
effects of the Eurozone debt crisis could be even more significant if they lead
to a partial or complete break-up of the European Monetary Union (EMU). The
partial or full break-up of the EMU would be unprecedented and its impact highly
uncertain. The exit of one or more countries from the EMU or the dissolution of
the EMU could lead to redenomination of obligations of obligors in exiting
countries. Any such exit and redenomination would cause significant uncertainty
with respect to outstanding obligations of counterparties and debtors in any
exiting country, whether sovereign or otherwise, and lead to complex, lengthy
litigation. The resulting uncertainty and market stress could also cause, among
other things, severe disruption to equity markets, significant increases in bond
yields generally, potential failure or default of financial institutions,
including those of systemic importance, a significant decrease in global
liquidity, a freeze-up of global credit markets and worldwide recession. Any
combination of such events would negatively impact Citi’s businesses, earnings
and financial condition, particularly given Citi’s global strategy. In addition,
exit and redenomination could be accompanied by imposition of capital, exchange
and similar controls, which could further negatively impact Citi’s cross-border
risk, other aspects of its businesses and its earnings. 

59

The continued
uncertainty relating to the sustainability and pace of economic recovery and
market volatility has adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect,
certain of Citi’s businesses, particularly S&B and the U.S. mortgage
businesses within Citi Holdings – Local Consumer
Lending.

The financial
services industry and the capital markets have been and will likely continue to
be adversely affected by the slow pace of economic recovery and continued
disruptions in the global financial markets. This continued uncertainty and
disruption have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect,
certain of Citi’s businesses, particularly its 
S&B

 business and its 
Local
Consumer Lending 

business within

Citi Holdings

.

In particular, the corporate and sovereign bond
markets, equity and derivatives markets, debt and equity underwriting and other
elements of the financial markets have been and could continue to be subject to
wide swings and volatility relating to issues emanating from Eurozone and U.S.
economic issues. As a result of this uncertainty and volatility, clients have
remained and may continue to remain on the sidelines or cut back on trading and
other business activities and, accordingly, the results of operations of Citi’s

S&B

 businesses have been and could continue to be
volatile and negatively impacted.

Moreover, the continued economic uncertainty in the U.S., accompanied by
continued high levels of unemployment and depressed values of residential real
estate, will continue to negatively impact Citi’s U.S. Consumer mortgage
businesses, particularly its residential real estate and home equity loans in

Citi Holdings –
LCL

. Given the continued decline
in Citi’s ability to sell delinquent residential first mortgages, the decreased
inventory of such loans for modification and re-defaults of previously modified
mortgages, Citi began to experience increased delinquencies in this portfolio
during the latter part of 2011. As a result, Citi could also experience
increasing net credit losses in this portfolio going forward. Moreover, given
the lack of markets in which to sell delinquent home equity loans, as well as
the relatively fewer home equity loan modifications and modification programs,
Citi’s ability to offset increased delinquencies and net credit losses in its
home equity loan portfolio in Citi Holdings has been, and will continue to be,
more limited as compared to residential first mortgages. See “Managing Global
Risk—Credit Risk—North America Consumer Mortgage Lending” and “—Consumer Loan
Modification Programs” below. 

Concerns about the level
of U.S. government debt and downgrade, or concerns about a potential downgrade,
of the U.S. government credit rating could have a material adverse effect on
Citi’s businesses, results of operations, capital, funding and
liquidity.

In August 2011,
Standard & Poor’s lowered its long-term sovereign credit rating on the U.S.
government from AAA to AA+ and in the second half of 2011, Moody’s Investors
Services and Fitch both placed the U.S. rating on negative outlook. According to
the credit rating agencies, these actions resulted from the high level of U.S.
government debt and the continued inability of Congress to reach an agreement to
ensure payment of 

U.S. government debt and
reduce the U.S. debt level. If the credit rating of the U.S. government is
further downgraded, the ratings and perceived creditworthiness of instruments
issued, insured or guaranteed by institutions, agencies or instrumentalities
directly linked to the U.S. government could also be correspondingly affected. A
future downgrade of U.S. debt obligations or U.S. government-related obligations
by one or more credit rating agencies, or heightened concern that such a
downgrade might occur, could negatively affect Citi’s ability to obtain funding
collateralized by such obligations as well as the pricing of such funding. Such
a downgrade could also negatively impact the pricing or availability of Citi’s
funding as a U.S. financial institution. In addition, such a downgrade could
affect financial markets and economic conditions generally and the market value
of the U.S. debt obligations held by Citi. As a result, such a downgrade could
lead to a downgrade of Citi debt obligations and could have a material adverse
effect on Citi’s business, results of operations, capital, funding and
liquidity.

Citi’s extensive global
network, particularly its operations in the world’s emerging markets, subject it
to emerging market and sovereign volatility and further increases its compliance
and regulatory risks and costs.

Citi believes its extensive and diverse global network—which includes a
physical presence in approximately 100 countries and services offered in over
160 countries and jurisdictions—provides it with a unique competitive advantage
in servicing the broad financial services needs of large multinational clients
and customers around the world, including in many emerging markets.
International revenues have recently been the largest and fastest-growing
component of Citicorp, driven by emerging markets. 

However, this global footprint also subjects Citi
to a number of risks associated with international and emerging markets,
including exchange controls, limitations on foreign investment, socio-political
instability, nationalization, closure of branches or subsidiaries, confiscation
of assets and sovereign volatility, among others. For example, there have been
recent instances of political turmoil and violent revolutionary uprisings in
some of the countries in which Citi operates, including in the Middle East, to
which Citi has responded by transferring assets and relocating staff members to
more stable jurisdictions. While these previous incidents have not been material
to Citi, such disruptions could place Citi’s staff and operations in danger and
may result in financial losses, some significant, including nationalization of
Citi’s assets. 

Further, Citi’s extensive global operations increase its compliance and
regulatory risks and costs. For example, Citi’s operations in emerging markets
subject it to higher compliance risks under U.S. regulations primarily focused
on various aspects of global corporate activities, such as anti-money-laundering
regulations and the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which can be more acute in
less developed markets and thus require substantial investment in order to
comply. Any failure by Citi to remain in compliance with applicable U.S.
regulations, as well as the regulations in the countries and markets in which it
operates as a result of its global footprint, could result in fines, penalties,
injunctions or other similar restrictions, any of which could negatively impact
Citi’s earnings and its general reputation. 

60

In addition, complying with
inconsistent, conflicting or duplicative regulations requires extensive time and
effort and further increases Citi’s compliance, regulatory and other
costs.

It
is uncertain how the ongoing Eurozone debt crisis will affect emerging markets.
A recession in the Eurozone could cause a ripple effect in emerging markets,
particularly if banks in developed economies decrease or cease lending to
emerging markets, as is currently occurring in some cases. This impact could be
disproportionate in the case of Citi in light of the emphasis on emerging
markets in its global strategy. Decreased, low or negative growth in emerging
market economies could make execution of Citi’s global strategy more challenging
and could adversely affect Citi’s revenues, profits and operations. 

The maintenance of
adequate liquidity depends on numerous factors outside of Citi’s control,
including without limitation market disruptions and increases in Citi’s credit
spreads. 

Adequate
liquidity and sources of funding are essential to Citi’s businesses. Citi’s
liquidity and sources of funding can be significantly and negatively impacted by
factors it cannot control, such as general disruptions in the financial markets
or negative perceptions about the financial services industry in general, or
negative investor perceptions of Citi’s liquidity, financial position or credit
worthiness in particular. Market perception of sovereign default risks, such as
issues in the Eurozone as well as other complexities regarding the current
European debt crisis, can also lead to ineffective money markets and capital
markets, which could further impact Citi’s availability of funding.

In addition, Citi’s cost and ability to obtain
deposits, secured funding and long-term unsecured funding from the capital
markets are directly related to its credit spreads. Changes in credit spreads
constantly occur and are market-driven, including both external market factors
as well as factors specific to Citi, and can be highly volatile. Citi’s credit
spreads may also be influenced by movements in the costs to purchasers of credit
default swaps referenced to Citi’s long-term debt, which are also impacted by
these external and Citi-specific factors. Moreover, Citi’s ability to obtain
funding may be impaired if other market participants are seeking to access the
markets at the same time, or if market appetite is reduced, as is likely to
occur in a liquidity or other market crisis. In addition, clearing
organizations, regulators, clients and financial institutions with which Citi
interacts may exercise the right to require additional collateral based on these
market perceptions or market conditions, which could further impair Citi’s
access to funding. 

The credit rating
agencies continuously review the ratings of Citi and its subsidiaries, and
reductions in Citi’s and its subsidiaries’ credit ratings could have a
significant and immediate impact on Citi’s funding and liquidity through cash
obligations, reduced funding capacity and additional margin requirements.

The rating agencies
continuously evaluate Citi and its subsidiaries, and their ratings of Citi’s and
its more significant subsidiaries’ long-term/senior debt and short-term
/commercial paper, as applicable, are based on a number of factors, including
financial strength, as well as factors not entirely within the control of Citi
and its subsidiaries, such as the agencies’ proprietary rating agency
methodologies and conditions affecting the financial services industry
generally.

Citi and its subsidiaries may
not be able to maintain their current respective ratings. Ratings downgrades by
Fitch, Moody’s or S&P could have a significant and immediate impact on
Citi’s funding and liquidity through cash obligations, reduced funding capacity
and additional margin requirements for derivatives or other transactions.
Ratings downgrades could also have a negative impact on other funding sources,
such as secured financing and other margined transactions, for which there are
no explicit triggers. Some entities may also have ratings limitations as to
their permissible counterparties, of which Citi may or may not be aware. A
reduction in Citi’s or its subsidiaries’ credit ratings could also widen Citi’s
credit spreads or otherwise increase its borrowing costs and limit its access to
the capital markets. For additional information on the potential impact of a
reduction in Citi’s or its subsidiaries’ credit ratings, see “Capital Resources
and Liquidity—Funding and Liquidity—Credit Ratings” above.

61

BUSINESS RISKS

Citi is subject to
extensive litigation, investigations and inquiries pertaining to a myriad of
U.S. mortgage-related activities that could take significant time to resolve and
may subject Citi to extensive liability, including in the form of penalties and
other equitable remedies, that could negatively impact Citi’s future results of
operations. 

Virtually
every aspect of mortgage-related activity in the U.S. is being challenged across
the financial services industry in private and public litigation and by
regulators, governmental agencies and state attorneys general, among others.
Examples of the activities being challenged include the accuracy of offering
documents for residential mortgage-backed securities, potential breaches of
representations and warranties in the placement of mortgage loans into
securitization trusts, mortgage servicing practices, the legitimacy of the
securitization of mortgage loans and the Mortgage Electronic Registration
System’s role in tracking mortgages, holding title and participating in the
mortgage foreclosure process, fair lending, compliance with the Servicemembers
Civil Relief Act, and False Claim Act violations alleged in “qui tam” cases,
among others. 

Sorting out which of the many claims being asserted has legal merit as
well as which financial institutions may be subject to liability with respect to
their actual practices is a complex process that is highly uncertain and will
take time to resolve. All of these inquiries, actions and investigations have
resulted in, and will likely continue to result in, significant time, expense
and diversion of management’s attention, and could result in significant
liability as well as negative reputational and other costs to
Citi. 

Citi is currently party to
numerous actions relating to claims of misrepresentations or omissions in
offering documents of residential mortgage-backed securities sponsored or
serviced by Citi affiliates. This litigation has been brought by a number of
institutional investors, including the Federal Housing Finance Agency. The cases
are all in early stages, making it difficult to predict how they will develop,
and Citi believes that such litigation will continue for several years. In
addition, because the statute of limitations will soon expire for these types of
disclosure-based claims, Citi could experience an increase in filed claims in
the near term.

Citi is exposed to
representation and warranty (i.e., mortgage repurchase) liability through its
U.S. Consumer mortgage businesses and, to a lesser extent, through legacy
private-label residential mortgage securitizations sponsored by its

S&B 

business. With respect to its Consumer businesses,
during 2011, Citi increased its repurchase reserve from approximately $969
million to $1.2 billion at December 31, 2011. To date, the majority of
repurchase demands have come from the GSEs. The level of repurchase demands by
GSEs has been trending upwards and Citi currently expects it to remain elevated
for some time. To a lesser extent, Citi has received repurchase demands from
private investors, although these claims have been volatile and could increase
in the future.

     With
regard to legacy 
S&B

private-label mortgage
securitizations, while 
S&B

has to date received actual
claims for breaches of representations and warranties relating to only a small
percentage of the mortgages included in its securitization transactions, the
pace of claims remains volatile and has recently increased, Citi has also
experienced an increase in the level of inquiries, assertions and requests for
loan files, among other matters, relating to such securitization transactions
from trustees of securitization trusts and others. These inquiries could lead to
actual claims for breaches of representations and warranties, or to litigation
relating to such breaches or other matters. For additional information on these
matters, see “Managing Global Risk—Credit Risk—Consumer Mortgage—Representations
and Warranties” and 
“—
Securities and Banking

-Sponsored Private-Label Residential Mortgage
Securitizations—Representations and Warranties” below.

For further discussion of the matters above, see
Note 29 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Citi will not be able to wind down
Citi Holdings at the same pace as it has in the past three years. As a result,
the remaining assets in Citi Holdings will likely continue to have a negative
impact on Citi’s results of operations and its ability to utilize the capital
supporting the remaining assets in Citi Holdings for more productive
purposes.

Citi will not be
able to dispose of or wind down the businesses or assets that are part of Citi
Holdings at the same level or pace as in the past three years. As of December
31, 2011, assuming the transfer to Citicorp of the substantial majority of
retail partner cards, effective in the first quarter of 2012, 
LCL 

constituted approximately 70% of Citi Holdings. As of such date, over
half of the remaining assets in 
LCL

 consisted of legacy
U.S. mortgages which will likely be subject to run-off over an extended period
of time. Besides mortgages, the remaining assets in 
LCL 

include the OneMain Financial business, as well as student, commercial
real estate and credit card loans in 
North America

, and
consumer lending businesses in Europe and 
Asia

.

BAM 

primarily consists of the MSSB JV. Morgan Stanley has call rights on
Citi’s ownership interest in the venture over a three-year period beginning in
2012, which it is not required to exercise. Of the remaining assets in

SAP

, interest-earning assets have become a smaller
portion of the assets, causing negative net interest revenues in the business as
the remaining non-interest earning assets, which require funding, represent a
larger portion of the total asset pool. In addition, as of December 31, 2011,
approximately 25% of the remaining assets in 
SAP 

were held-to-maturity securities.
     As a result, the remaining assets within
Citi Holdings will likely continue to have a negative impact on Citi’s overall
results of operations for the foreseeable future, particularly after the
transfer of retail partner cards to Citicorp. In addition, as of December 31,
2011 and as adjusted to reflect the transfer of retail partner cards, roughly
21% of Citi’s risk-weighted assets were in Citi Holdings, and were supported by
approximately $24 billion of Citi’s regulatory capital. Accordingly, Citi’s
ability to release the capital supporting these businesses and thus use such
capital for more productive purposes will depend on the ultimate pace and level
of Citi Holdings divestitures, portfolio run-offs and asset
sales.

62

Citi’s ability to
increase its common stock dividend or initiate a share repurchase program is
subject to regulatory and government approval.

Since the second quarter of 2011, Citi has paid a
quarterly common stock dividend of $0.01 per share. In addition to Board of
Directors’ approval, any decision by Citi to increase its common stock dividend,
including the amount thereof, or initiate a share repurchase program is subject
to regulatory approval, including the results of the Comprehensive Capital
Analysis and Review (CCAR) process required by the Federal Reserve Board.
Restrictions on Citi’s ability to increase the amounts of its common stock
dividend or engage in share repurchase programs could negatively impact market
perceptions of Citi, including the price of its common stock.

In addition, pursuant to its agreements with
certain U.S. government entities, dated June 9, 2009, executed in connection
with Citi’s exchange offers consummated in July and September 2009, Citi remains
subject 
to dividend and share
repurchase restrictions for as long as the U.S. government continues to hold any
Citi trust preferred securities acquired in connection with the exchange offers.
While these restrictions may be waived, they generally prohibit Citi from paying
regular cash dividends in excess of $0.01 per share of common stock per quarter
or from redeeming or repurchasing any Citi equity securities, which includes its
common stock, or trust preferred securities. As of December 31, 2011,
approximately $3.025 billion of trust preferred securities issued to the FDIC
remained outstanding (of which approximately $800 million is being held for the
benefit of the U.S. Treasury).

Citi may be unable to
maintain or reduce its level of expenses as it expects, and investments in its
businesses may not be productive.

Citi continues to pursue a disciplined expense-management strategy,
including re-engineering, restructuring operations and improving the efficiency
of functions, such as call centers and collections, to achieve a targeted
percentage expense savings annually. However, there is no guarantee that Citi
will be able to maintain or reduce its level of expenses in the future,
particularly as expenses incurred in Citi’s foreign entities are subject to
foreign exchange volatility, and regulatory compliance and legal and related
costs are difficult to predict or control, particularly given the current
regulatory and litigation environment. Moreover, Citi has incurred, and will
likely continue to incur, costs of investing in its businesses. These
investments may not be as productive as Citi expects or at all. Furthermore, as
the wind down of Citi Holdings slows, Citi’s ability to continue to reduce its
expenses as a result of this wind down will also decline. 

The value of Citi’s
deferred tax assets (DTAs) could be reduced if corporate tax rates in the U.S.
or certain state or foreign jurisdictions are decreased or as a result of other
potential significant changes in the U.S. corporate tax
system.

There have been
discussions in Congress and by the Obama Administration regarding potentially
decreasing the U.S. corporate tax rate. Similar discussions have taken place in
certain state and foreign jurisdictions. While Citi may benefit in some respects
from any decreases in these corporate tax rates, any reduction in the U.S.,
state or foreign corporate tax rates would result in a decrease to the value of
Citi’s DTAs, which could be significant. There have also been recent discussions
of more sweeping changes to the U.S. tax system, including changes to the tax
treatment of foreign business income. It is uncertain whether or when any such
tax reform proposals will be enacted into law, and whether or how they will
affect Citi’s ability to make effective use of its DTAs. 

The expiration of a
provision of the U.S. tax law that allows Citi to defer U.S. taxes on certain
active financing income could significantly increase Citi’s tax
expense.

Citi’s tax
provision has historically been reduced because active financing income earned
and indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. is taxed at the lower local tax
rate rather than at the higher U.S. tax rate. Such reduction has been dependent
upon a provision of the U.S. tax law that defers the imposition of U.S.
taxes on certain active financing income until that income is repatriated to the
U.S. as a dividend. This “active financing exception” expired on December 31,
2011 with respect to taxable years beginning after such date. While the
exception has been scheduled to expire on numerous prior occasions, Congress has
extended it each time, including retroactively to the start of the tax year.
Congress could still take action to retroactively extend the active financing
exception to the beginning of 2012. However, there can be no assurance that it
will do so. If the exception is not extended, the U.S. tax imposed on Citi’s
active financing income earned outside the U.S. would increase, which could
further result in Citi’s tax expense increasing significantly, particularly
beginning in 2013. 

63

Citi’s
operational systems and networks have been, and will continue to be, vulnerable
to an increasing risk of continually evolving cybersecurity or other
technological risks which could result in the disclosure of confidential client
or customer information, damage to Citi’s reputation, additional costs to Citi,
regulatory penalties and financial losses.

A significant portion of Citi’s operations relies
heavily on the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and
other information as well as the monitoring of a large number of complex
transactions on a minute-by-minute basis. For example, through its global
consumer banking, credit card and 
Transaction Services

businesses, Citi obtains and stores an extensive amount of personal and
client-specific information for its retail, corporate and governmental customers
and clients and must accurately record and reflect their extensive account
transactions. These activities have been, and will continue to be, subject to an
increasing risk of cyber attacks, the nature of which is continually
evolving.

Citi’s computer systems, software and networks have been and will
continue to be vulnerable to unauthorized access, loss or destruction of data
(including confidential client information), account takeovers, unavailability
of service, computer viruses or other malicious code, cyber attacks and other
events. These threats may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part
of employees or third parties, or may result from accidental technological
failure. If one or more of these events occurs, it could result in the
disclosure of confidential client information, damage to Citi’s reputation with
its clients and the market, additional costs to Citi (such as repairing systems
or adding new personnel or protection technologies), regulatory penalties and
financial losses, to both Citi and its clients and customers. Such events could
also cause interruptions or malfunctions in the operations of Citi (such as the
lack of availability of Citi’s online banking system), as well as the operations
of its clients, customers or other third parties. Given the high volume of
transactions at Citi, certain errors or actions may be repeated or compounded
before they are discovered and rectified, which would further increase these
costs and consequences.

Citi has recently been subject to intentional cyber incidents from
external sources, including (i) data breaches, which resulted in unauthorized
access to customer account data and interruptions of services to customers; (ii)
malicious software attacks on client systems, which in turn allowed unauthorized
entrance to Citi’s systems under the guise of a client and the extraction of
client data; and (iii) denial of service attacks, which attempted to interrupt
service to clients and customers. While Citi was able to detect these prior
incidents before they became significant, they still resulted in losses as well
as increases in expenditures to monitor against the threat of similar future
cyber incidents. There can be no assurance that such incidents, or other cyber
incidents, will not occur again, and they could occur more frequently and on a
more significant scale.

     In addition, third parties with which Citi does
business may also be sources of cybersecurity or other technological risks. Citi
outsources certain functions, such as processing of customer credit card
transactions, which results in the storage and processing of customer
information by third parties. While Citi engages in certain actions to reduce
the exposure resulting from outsourcing, such as limiting third-party access to
the least privileged level necessary to perform job functions and restricting
third-party processing to systems stored within Citi’s data centers,
unauthorized access, loss or destruction of data or other cyber incidents could
occur, resulting in similar costs and consequences to Citi as those discussed
above. Furthermore, because financial institutions are becoming increasingly
interconnected with central agents, exchanges and clearing houses, including
through the derivatives provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, Citi has increased
exposure to operational failure or cyber attacks through third parties.

While Citi maintains insurance coverage that may,
subject to policy terms and conditions including significant self-insured
deductibles, cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such insurance coverage may
be insufficient to cover all losses.

Citi’s financial
statements are based in part on assumptions and estimates, which, if wrong,
could cause unexpected losses in the future, sometimes
significant.

Pursuant to
U.S. GAAP, Citi is required to use certain assumptions and estimates in
preparing its financial statements, including in determining credit loss
reserves, reserves related to litigation and regulatory exposures, mortgage
representation and warranty claims and the fair value of certain assets and
liabilities, among other items. If the assumptions or estimates underlying
Citi’s financial statements are incorrect, Citi may experience significant
losses. For additional information on the key areas for which assumptions and
estimates are used in preparing Citi’s financial statements, see “Significant
Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates” below, and for further
information relating to litigation and regulatory exposures, see Note 29 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Citi is subject to a
significant number of legal and regulatory proceedings that are often highly
complex, slow to develop and are thus difficult to predict or
estimate.

At any given
time, Citi is defending a significant number of legal and regulatory
proceedings. The volume of claims and the amount of damages and penalties
claimed in litigation, arbitration and regulatory proceedings against financial
institutions remain high, and could further increase in the future. See, for
example, “—Citi is subject to extensive litigation, investigations and
inquiries pertaining to a myriad of mortgage-related activities that could take
significant time to resolve and may subject Citi to extensive liability,
including in the form of penalties and other equitable remedies, that could
negatively impact Citi’s future results of
operations.”

Proceedings brought against Citi may result in judgments, settlements,
fines, penalties, disgorgement, injunctions, business improvement orders or
other results adverse to it, which could materially and negatively affect Citi’s
businesses, financial condition or results of operations, require
material

64

changes in Citi’s operations, or cause Citi reputational harm.
Moreover, the many large claims asserted against Citi are highly complex and
slow to develop, and they may involve novel or untested legal theories. The
outcome of such proceedings may thus be difficult to predict or estimate until
late in the proceedings, which may last several years. In addition, certain
settlements are subject to court approval and may not be approved. Although Citi
establishes accruals for its litigation and regulatory matters according to
accounting requirements, the amount of loss ultimately incurred in relation to
those matters may be substantially higher or lower than the amounts
accrued.

In addition, while Citi takes
numerous steps to prevent and detect employee misconduct, such as fraud,
employee misconduct is not always possible to deter or prevent, and the
extensive precautions Citi takes to prevent and detect this activity may not be
effective in all cases, which could subject it to additional liability.
Moreover, the “whistle-blower” provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act provide
substantial financial incentives for persons to report alleged violations of law
to the SEC and the CFTC. The final rules implementing these provisions for the
SEC and CFTC became effective in August and October 2011, respectively. As such,
there continues to be much uncertainty as to whether these new reporting
provisions will incentivize and lead to an increase in the number of claims that
Citi will have to investigate or against which Citi will have to defend itself,
thus potentially further increasing Citi’s legal liabilities.

     For additional information relating to Citi’s
potential exposure relating to legal and regulatory matters, see Note 29 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Failure to
maintain the value of the Citi brand could harm Citi’s global competitive
advantage, results of operations and strategy.

As Citi enters into its 200th year of
operations in 2012, one of its most valuable assets is the Citi brand. Citi’s
ability to continue to leverage its extensive global footprint, and thus
maintain one of its key competitive advantages, depends on the continued
strength and recognition of the Citi brand, including in emerging markets as
other financial institutions grow their operations in these markets and
competition intensifies. As referenced above, as a result of the economic crisis
in the U.S. as well as the continuing adverse economic climate globally, Citi,
like other financial institutions, is subject to an increased level of distrust,
scrutiny and skepticism from numerous constituencies, including the general
public. The Citi brand could be further harmed if its public image or reputation
were to be tarnished by negative publicity, whether or not true, about Citi or
the financial services industry in general, or by a negative perception
of Citi’s short-term or long-term financial prospects. Maintaining, promoting
and positioning the Citi brand will depend largely on Citi’s ability to provide
consistent, high-quality financial services and products to its clients and
customers around the world. Failure to maintain its brand could hurt Citi’s
competitive advantage, results of operations and strategy.

Citi may incur
significant losses if its risk management processes and strategies are
ineffective, and concentration of risk increases the potential for such
losses.

Citi monitors and
controls its risk exposure across businesses, regions and critical products
through a risk and control framework encompassing a variety of separate but
complementary financial, credit, operational, compliance and legal reporting
systems, internal controls, management review processes and other mechanisms.
While Citi employs a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk
mitigation techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their
application may not be effective and may not anticipate every economic and
financial outcome in all market environments or the specifics and timing of such
outcomes. Market conditions over the last several years have involved
unprecedented dislocations and highlight the limitations inherent in using
historical data to manage risk.

Concentration of risk increases the potential for
significant losses. Because of concentration of risk, Citi may suffer losses
even when economic and market conditions are generally favorable for Citi’s
competitors. These concentrations can limit, and have limited, the effectiveness
of Citi’s hedging strategies and have caused Citi to incur significant losses,
and they may do so again in the future. In addition, Citi extends large
commitments as part of its credit origination activities. If Citi is unable to
reduce its credit risk by selling, syndicating or securitizing these positions,
including during periods of market dislocation, Citi’s results of operations
could be negatively affected due to a decrease in the fair value of the
positions, as well as the loss of revenues associated with selling such
securities or loans.
     Although Citi’s activities expose it to the credit risk of many different
entities and counterparties, Citi routinely executes a high volume of
transactions with counterparties in the financial services sector, including
banks, other financial institutions, insurance companies, investment banks and
government and central banks. This has resulted in significant credit
concentration with respect to this sector. To the extent regulatory or market
developments lead to an increased centralization of trading activity through
particular clearing houses, central agents or exchanges, this could increase
Citi’s concentration of risk in this sector.

65

MANAGING GLOBAL RISK

Risk
Management—Overview

Citigroup
believes that effective risk management is of primary importance to its overall
operations. Accordingly, Citigroup has a comprehensive risk management process
to monitor, evaluate and manage the principal risks it assumes in conducting its
activities. These include credit, market and operational risks, which are each
discussed in more detail throughout this
section.

Citigroup’s risk management framework is designed to balance corporate
oversight with well-defined independent risk management functions. Enhancements
continued to be made to the risk management framework throughout 2011 based on
guiding principles established by Citi’s Chief Risk Officer:

 a common risk capital model to
 evaluate risks;

a defined risk appetite, aligned with
 business strategy; 

accountability through a common
 framework to manage risks; 

risk decisions based on transparent,
 accurate and rigorous analytics; 

expertise, stature, authority and
 independence of risk managers; and 

empowering risk managers to make
 decisions and escalate issues. 

     Significant focus has been placed on fostering a risk culture based on a
policy of “Taking Intelligent Risk with Shared Responsibility, Without Forsaking
Individual Accountability”:

 “Taking intelligent risk” means that
 Citi must carefully measure and 
aggregate risks, must appreciate potential downside risks, and
 must 
understand risk/return
 relationships.

“Shared responsibility” means that
 risk and business management must 
actively partner to own risk controls and influence business
 outcomes. 

“Individual accountability” means that
 all individuals are ultimately 
responsible for identifying, understanding and managing risks.

     The Chief Risk Officer, working closely
with the Citi Chief Executive Officer and established management committees, and
with oversight from the Risk Management and Finance Committee of the Board of
Directors as well as the full Board of Directors, is responsible for:

 establishing core standards for the
 management, measurement and 
reporting of risk;

identifying, assessing, communicating
 and monitoring risks on a 
company-wide basis; 

engaging with senior management on a
 frequent basis on material 
matters
 with respect to risk-taking activities in the businesses and related

risk management processes; and 

ensuring that the risk function has
 adequate independence, authority, 
expertise, staffing, technology and resources.

     The risk management organization is
structured so as to facilitate the management of risk across three dimensions:
businesses, regions and critical products. Each of Citi’s major business groups
has a Business Chief Risk Officer who is the focal point for risk decisions,
such as setting risk limits or approving transactions in the business. The
majority of the staff in Citi’s independent risk management organization report
to these Business Chief Risk Officers. There are also Chief Risk Officers for
Citibank, N.A. and Citi Holdings.

Regional Chief Risk Officers, appointed in each of 

Asia

, 
EMEA

 and 
Latin America

, are
accountable for all the risks in their geographic areas and are the primary risk
contacts for the regional business heads and local regulators. In addition, the
positions of Product Chief Risk Officers are created for those risk areas of
critical importance to Citigroup, currently real estate and structural market
risk as well as fundamental credit. The Product Chief Risk Officers are
accountable for the risks within their specialty and focus on problem areas
across businesses and regions. The Product Chief Risk Officers serve as a
resource to the Chief Risk Officer, as well as to the Business and Regional
Chief Risk Officers, to better enable the Business and Regional Chief Risk
Officers to focus on the day-to-day management of risks and responsiveness to
business flow.

     In addition to
facilitating the management of risk across these three dimensions, the
independent risk management organization also includes the business management
team to ensure that the risk organization has the appropriate infrastructure,
processes and management reporting. This team includes:

 the risk capital group, which
 continues to enhance the risk capital model 
and ensure that it is consistent across all
 business activities; 

the risk architecture group, which
 ensures Citi has integrated systems 
and common metrics, thereby allowing Citi to aggregate and stress
 test 
exposures across the
 institution; 

the enterprise risk management group,
 which focuses on improving Citi’s 
operational processes across businesses and regions (see
 “Operational 
Risk” below);
 and

the office of the Chief Administrative
 Officer, which focuses on 
re-engineering and risk communications, including maintaining

critical regulatory relationships.

     Each
of the Business, Regional and Product Chief Risk Officers, as well as the heads
of the groups in the business management team, report to Citi’s Chief Risk
Officer, who reports directly to the Chief Executive
Officer.

66

Risk Aggregation and Stress
Testing

While Citi’s major
risk areas are described individually on the following pages, these risks are
also reviewed and managed in conjunction with one another and across the various
businesses.

The Chief Risk Officer, as noted above, monitors and controls major risk
exposures and concentrations across the organization. This means aggregating
risks, within and across businesses, as well as subjecting those risks to
alternative stress scenarios in order to assess the potential economic impact
they may have on Citigroup.

Comprehensive stress tests are in place across Citi for trading,
available-for-sale and accrual portfolios. These firm-wide stress reports
measure the potential impact to Citi and its component businesses of very large
changes in various types of key risk factors (e.g., interest rates, credit
spreads, etc.), as well as the potential impact of a number of historical and
hypothetical forward-looking systemic stress scenarios.

Supplementing the stress testing described above,
Citi independent risk management, working with input from the businesses and
finance, provides periodic updates to senior management on significant potential
areas of concern across Citigroup that can arise from risk concentrations,
financial market participants, and other systemic issues. These areas of focus
are intended to be forward-looking assessments of the potential economic impacts
to Citi that may arise from these exposures. Risk management also provides
reports to the Risk Management and Finance Committee of the Board of Directors,
as well as the full Board of Directors, on these matters.

The stress-testing and focus-position exercises
are a supplement to the standard limit-setting and risk-capital exercises
described below, as these processes incorporate events in the marketplace and
within Citi that impact the firm’s outlook on the form, magnitude, correlation
and timing of identified risks that may arise. In addition to enhancing
awareness and understanding of potential exposures, the results of these
processes then serve as the starting point for developing risk management and
mitigation strategies.

Risk
Capital

Risk capital is
defined as the amount of capital required to absorb potential unexpected
economic losses resulting from extremely severe events over a one-year time
period.

 “Economic losses” include losses that
 are reflected on Citi’s Consolidated 
Income Statement and fair value adjustments to the Consolidated

Financial Statements, as well as any
 further declines in value not captured 
on the Consolidated Income Statement.

“Unexpected losses” are the difference
 between potential extremely severe 
losses and Citigroup’s expected (average) loss over a one-year time
 period.

“Extremely severe” is defined as
 potential loss at a 99.9% and a 99.97% 
confidence level, based on the distribution of observed events
 and 
scenario analysis.

     The drivers of economic losses are risks
which, for Citi, as referenced above, are broadly categorized as credit risk,
market risk and operational risk.

 Credit risk losses primarily result
 from a borrower’s or counterparty’s 
inability to meet its financial or contractual obligations.

Market risk losses arise from
 fluctuations in the market value of trading 
and non-trading positions, including the changes
 in value resulting from 
fluctuations in rates.

Operational risk losses result from
 inadequate or failed internal processes, 
systems or human factors or from external events. 

     These risks, discussed in more detail
below, are measured and aggregated within businesses and across Citigroup to
facilitate the understanding of Citi’s exposure to extreme downside events as
described under “Risk Aggregation and Stress Testing” above. The risk capital
framework is reviewed and enhanced on a regular basis in light of market
developments and evolving practices.

CREDIT RISK

Credit risk is the potential for financial loss
resulting from the failure of a borrower or counterparty to honor its financial
or contractual obligations. Credit risk arises in many of Citigroup’s business
activities, including:

 lending;

sales and trading; 

derivatives; 

securities transactions; 

settlement; and 

when Citigroup acts as an
 intermediary. 

     For Citi’s loan accounting policies, see
Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. See Notes 16 and 17 for
additional information on Citigroup’s Consumer and Corporate loan, credit and
allowance data.

67

Loans Outstanding

 In millions of dollars at year
 end

2011

2010

2009

2008

2007

 Consumer loans

 In U.S.
 offices

        Mortgage and real estate
 (1)

$

139,177

$

151,469

$

183,842

$

219,482

$

240,644

        Installment, revolving credit,
 and other

15,616

28,291

58,099

64,319

69,379

        Cards
 (2)(3)

117,908

122,384

28,951

44,418

46,559

        Commercial and
 industrial

4,766

5,021

5,640

7,041

7,716

        Lease financing

1

2

11

31

3,151

$

277,468

$

307,167

$

276,543

$

335,291

$

367,449

 In offices outside the U.S.

        Mortgage and real estate
 (1)

$

52,052

$

52,175

$

47,297

$

44,382

$

49,326

        Installment, revolving credit,
 and other

34,613

38,024

42,805

41,272

70,205

        Cards

38,926

40,948

41,493

42,586

46,176

        Commercial and
 industrial

20,366

16,684

14,780

16,814

18,422

 Lease financing

711

665

331

304

1,124

$

146,668

$

148,496

$

146,706

$

145,358

$

185,253

 Total
 Consumer loans

$

424,136

$

455,663

$

423,249

$

480,649

$

552,702

 Unearned income

(405

)

69

808

738

787

 Consumer loans, net of unearned
 income

$

423,731

$

455,732

$

424,057

$

481,387

$

553,489

 Corporate loans

 In U.S.
 offices

        Commercial and
 industrial

$

21,667

$

14,334

$

15,614

$

26,447

$

20,696

        Loans to financial
 institutions (2)

33,265

29,813

6,947

10,200

8,778

        Mortgage and real estate
 (1)

20,698

19,693

22,560

28,043

18,403

        Installment, revolving credit,
 and other

15,011

12,640

17,737

22,050

26,539

        Lease financing

1,270

1,413

1,297

1,476

1,630

$

91,911

$

77,893

$

64,155

$

88,216

$

76,046

 In offices outside the U.S.

        Commercial and
 industrial

$

79,373

$

71,618

$

66,747

$

79,421

$

94,188

        Installment, revolving credit,
 and other

14,114

11,829

9,683

17,441

21,037

        Mortgage and real estate
 (1)

6,885

5,899

9,779

11,375

9,981

        Loans to financial
 institutions

29,794

22,620

15,113

18,413

20,467

        Lease financing

568

531

1,295

1,850

2,292

        Governments and official
 institutions

1,576

3,644

2,949

773

1,029

$

132,310

$

116,141

$

105,566

$

129,273

$

148,994

 Total Corporate loans

$

224,221

$

194,034

$

169,721

$

217,489

$

225,040

 Unearned income

(710

)

(972

)

(2,274

)

(4,660

)

(536

)

 Corporate loans, net of
 unearned income

$

223,511

$

193,062

$

167,447

$

212,829

$

224,504

 Total
 loans—net of unearned income

$

647,242

$

648,794

$

591,504

$

694,216

$

777,993

 Allowance for loan losses—on drawn
 exposures

(30,115

)

(40,655

)

(36,033

)

(29,616

)

(16,117

)

 Total
 loans—net of unearned income and allowance for credit losses

$

617,127

$

608,139

$

555,471

$

664,600

$

761,876

 Allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans—net
 of

        unearned income

(3)

4.69

%

6.31

%

6.09

%

4.27

%

2.07

%

 Allowance for
 Consumer loan losses as a percentage of total Consumer

 loans—net of unearned income (3)

6.45

%

7.80

%

6.70

%

4.61

%

2.26

%

 Allowance for Corporate loan losses as a percentage of total
 Corporate

        loans—net of unearned
 income (3)

1.31

%

2.76

%

4.56

%

3.48

%

1.61

%

 (1)    

Loans secured
 primarily by real estate.

 (2)

2011 and 2010 include
 the impact of consolidating entities in connection with Citi’s adoption of
 SFAS 167. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

 (3)

Excludes loans in 2011
 and 2010 that are carried at fair value.

68

Details of Credit Loss
Experience

 In millions of dollars at year
 end

2011

2010

2009

2008

2007

 Allowance for loan losses at
 beginning of year

$

40,655

$

36,033

$

29,616

$

16,117

$

8,940

 Provision for
 loan losses

        Consumer

$

12,512

$

25,119

$

32,407

$

27,942

$

15,660

 Corporate

(739

)

75

6,353

5,732

1,172

$

11,773

$

25,194

$

38,760

$

33,674

$

16,832

 Gross credit
 losses

 Consumer

        In U.S. offices

$

15,767

$

24,183

$

17,637

$

11,624

$

5,765

        In offices outside the
 U.S.

5,397

6,890

8,819

7,172

5,165

 Corporate

 Mortgage and real estate

        In U.S. offices

182

953

592

56

1

        In offices outside the
 U.S.

171

286

151

37

3

 Governments and
 official institutions outside the U.S.

—

—

—

3

—

 Loans to financial institutions

        In U.S. offices

215

275

274

—

—

        In offices outside the
 U.S.

391

111

448

463

69

 Commercial and
 industrial

        In U.S. offices

392

1,222

3,299

627

635

 In offices outside the U.S.

649

571

1,564

778

226

$

23,164

$

34,491

$

32,784

$

20,760

$

11,864

 Credit
 recoveries

 Consumer

        In U.S. offices

$

1,467

$

1,323

$

576

$

585

$

695

        In offices outside the
 U.S.

1,273

1,315

1,089

1,050

966

 Corporate

 Mortgage and real estate

        In U.S. offices

27

130

3

—

3

        In offices outside the
 U.S.

2

26

1

1

—

 Governments and
 official institutions outside the U.S.

—

—

—

—

4

 Loans to financial institutions

        In U.S. offices

—

—

—

—

—

        In offices outside the
 U.S.

89

132

11

2

1

 Commercial and
 industrial

        In U.S. offices

175

591

276

6

49

 In offices outside the U.S.

93

115

87

105

220

$

3,126

$

3,632

$

2,043

$

1,749

$

1,938

 Net credit
 losses

        In U.S. offices

$

14,887

$

24,589

$

20,947

$

11,716

$

5,654

 In offices outside the U.S.

5,151

6,270

9,794

7,295

4,272

 Total

$

20,038

$

30,859

$

30,741

$

19,011

$

9,926

 Other—net (1)

$

(2,275

)

$

10,287

$

(1,602

)

$

(1,164

)

$

271

 Allowance for loan losses at
 end of year 

(2)

$

30,115

$

40,655

$

36,033

$

29,616

$

16,117

 Allowance for unfunded lending
 commitments (3)

$

1,136

$

1,066

$

1,157

$

887

$

1,250

 Total allowance for loans,
 leases and unfunded lending commitments

$

31,251

$

41,721

$

37,190

$

30,503

$

17,367

 Net Consumer
 credit losses

$

18,424

$

28,435

$

24,791

$

17,161

$

9,269

 As a percentage of average
 Consumer loans

4.20

%

5.74

%

5.43

%

3.34

%

1.87

%

 Net Corporate
 credit losses (recoveries)

$

1,614

$

2,424

$

5,950

$

1,850

$

657

 As a percentage of average
 Corporate loans

0.79

%

1.27

%

3.13

%

0.84

%

0.30

%

 Allowance for
 loan losses at end of period (4)

 Citicorp

$

12,656

$

17,075

$

10,731

$

8,202

$

5,262

 Citi Holdings

17,459

23,580

25,302

21,414

10,855

        Total Citigroup

$

30,115

$

40,655

$

36,033

$

29,616

$

16,117

 Allowance by
 type

 Consumer

$

27,236

$

35,406

$

28,347

$

22,204

$

12,493

 Corporate

2,879

5,249

7,686

7,412

3,624

        Total Citigroup

$

30,115

$

40,655

$

36,033

$

29,616

$

16,117

See footnotes on the next page.

69

 (1)    

2011 includes reductions of
 approximately $1.6 billion related to the sale or transfer to
 held-for-sale of various U.S. loan portfolios, approximately $240 million
 related to the sale of the Egg Banking PLC credit card business,
 approximately $72 million related to the transfer of the Citi Belgium
 business to held-for-sale and approximately $290 million related to FX
 translation. 2010 primarily includes an addition of $13.4 billion related
 to the impact of consolidating entities in connection with Citi’s adoption
 of SFAS 166/167 (see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) and
 reductions of approximately $2.7 billion related to the sale or transfer
 to held-for-sale of various U.S. loan portfolios and approximately $290
 million related to the transfer of a U.K. first mortgage portfolio to
 held-for-sale. 2009 primarily includes reductions to the loan loss reserve
 of approximately $543 million related to securitizations, approximately
 $402 million related to the sale or transfer to held-for-sale of U.S. real
 estate lending loans, and $562 million related to the transfer of the U.K.
 cards portfolio to held-for-sale. 2008 primarily includes reductions to
 the loan loss reserve of approximately $800 million related to FX
 translation, $102 million related to securitizations, $244 million for the
 sale of the German retail banking operation, and $156 million for the sale
 of CitiCapital, partially offset by additions of $106 million related to
 the Cuscatlán and Bank of Overseas Chinese acquisitions. 2007 primarily
 includes reductions to the loan loss reserve of $475 million related to
 securitizations and transfer of loans to held-for-sale and of $83 million
 related to the transfer of the U.K. CitiFinancial portfolio to
 held-for-sale, offset by additions of $610 million related to the
 acquisitions of Egg, Nikko Cordial, Grupo Cuscatlán and Grupo Financiero
 Uno.

 (2)

Included in the allowance for
 loan losses are reserves for loans that have been modified subject to
 troubled debt restructurings (TDRs) of $8,772 million, $7,609 million,
 $4,819 million, and $2,180 million, as of December 31, 2011, December 31,
 2010, December 31, 2009, and December 31, 2008, respectively.

 (3)

Represents additional credit loss
 reserves for unfunded lending commitments and letters of credit recorded
 in 
Other liabilities 

on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

 (4)

Allowance for loan losses
 represents management’s best estimate of probable losses inherent in the
 portfolio, as well as probable losses related to large individually
 evaluated impaired loans and TDRs. See “Significant Accounting Policies
 and Significant Estimates.” Attribution of the allowance is made for
 analytical purposes only, and the entire allowance is available to absorb
 probable credit losses inherent in the overall
 portfolio.

Allowance for Loan Losses
(continued)

The following
table details information on Citi’s allowance for loan losses, loans and
coverage ratios as of December 31, 2011:

December 31, 2011

 In billions of
dollars

Allowance for loan
 losses

Loans, net of unearned
 income

Allowance as a percentage of
 loans

 (1)

 North America 

Cards
 (2)

$

10.1

$

118.7

8.5

%

 North America

Residential Mortgages

10.0

138.9

7.3

 North America 

Other

1.6

23.5

6.8

 International
 Cards

2.8

40.1

7.0

 International Other
 (3)

2.7

102.5

2.6

 Total Consumer

$

27.2

$

423.7

6.5

%

 Total Corporate

$

2.9

$

223.5

1.3

%

 Total Citigroup

$

30.1

$

647.2

4.7

%

 (1)     

Allowance as a percentage of
 loans excludes loans that are carried at fair value.

 (2)

Includes both Citi-branded and
 retail partner cards.

 (3)

Includes mortgages and other
 retail loans.

70

Non-Accrual Loans and Assets and
Renegotiated Loans

The
following pages include information on Citi’s “Non-Accrual Loans and Assets” and
“Renegotiated Loans.” There is a certain amount of overlap among these
categories. The following general summary provides a basic description of each
category:

Non-Accrual Loans and
Assets:

 Corporate and Consumer (commercial
 market) non-accrual status 
is based
 on the determination that payment of interest or principal 
is doubtful. 

Consumer non-accrual status is based
 on aging, i.e., the borrower has 
fallen behind in payments.

North America 

Citi-branded and retail partner cards are not
 included 
because, under industry
 standards, they accrue interest until charge-off. 

Renegotiated Loans:

 Both Corporate and Consumer loans
 whose terms have been modified in 
a
 TDR.

Includes both accrual and non-accrual
 TDRs. 

Non-Accrual Loans and
Assets

The table below
summarizes Citigroup’s non-accrual loans as of the periods indicated.
Non-accrual loans are loans in which the borrower has fallen behind in interest
payments or, for Corporate and Consumer (commercial market) loans, where Citi
has determined that the payment of interest or principal is doubtful and which
are therefore considered impaired. In situations where Citi reasonably expects
that only a portion of the principal
and/or interest owed will ultimately be
collected, all payments received are reflected as a reduction of principal and
not as interest income. There is no industry-wide definition of non-accrual
assets, however, and as such, analysis across the industry is not always
comparable.

Corporate non-accrual loans may still be current on interest payments but
are considered non-accrual as Citi has determined that the future payment of
interest and/or principal is doubtful. Consistent with industry conventions,
Citi generally accrues interest on credit card loans until such loans are
charged-off, which typically occurs at 180 days contractual delinquency. As
such, the non-accrual loan disclosures in this section do not include

North America 

credit card loans.

Non-Accrual Loans

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

2009

2008

2007

 Citicorp

$

4,018

$

4,909

$

5,353

$

3,282

$

2,027

 Citi Holdings

7,208

14,498

26,387

19,015

6,941

        Total non-accrual loans
 (NAL)

$

11,226

$

19,407

$

31,740

$

22,297

$

8,968

 Corporate
 non-accrual loans 

(1)

 North America

$

1,246

$

2,112

$

5,621

$

2,660

$

291

 EMEA

1,293

5,337

6,308

6,330

1,152

 Latin America

362

701

569

229

119

 Asia

335

470

981

513

103

        Total corporate non-accrual loans

$

3,236

$

8,620

$

13,479

$

9,732

$

1,665

 Citicorp

$

2,217

$

3,091

$

3,238

$

1,453

$

247

        Citi
 Holdings

1,019

5,529

10,241

8,279

1,418

        Total corporate non-accrual loans

$

3,236

$

8,620

$

13,479

$

9,732

$

1,665

 Consumer non-accrual loans (1)

 North
 America

$

6,046

$

8,540

$

15,111

$

9,617

$

4,841

 EMEA

387

652

1,159

948

696

 Latin
 America

1,107

1,019

1,340

1,290

1,133

 Asia

450

576

651

710

633

        Total consumer non-accrual loans

$

7,990

$

10,787

$

18,261

$

12,565

$

7,303

 Citicorp

$

1,801

$

1,818

$

2,115

$

1,829

$

1,780

        Citi
 Holdings

6,189

8,969

16,146

10,736

5,523

        Total consumer non-accrual loans

$

7,990

$

10,787

$

18,261

$

12,565

$

7,303

 (1)

Excludes
 purchased distressed loans as they are generally accreting interest. The
 carrying value of these loans was $511 million at December 31, 2011, $469
 million at December 31, 2010, $920 million at December 31, 2009, $1.510
 billion at December 31, 2008, and $2.373 billion at December 31,
 2007.

Statement continues on the next
page

71

Non-Accrual Loans and Assets
(continued)

The table below
summarizes Citigroup’s other real estate owned (OREO) assets as of the periods
indicated. This represents the carrying value of all real estate property
acquired by foreclosure or other legal proceedings when Citi has taken
possession of the collateral. 

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

2009

2008

2007

 OREO

 Citicorp

$

71

$

826

$

874

$

371

$

541

 Citi Holdings

480

863

615

1,022

679

 Corporate/Other

15

14

11

40

8

        Total OREO

$

566

$

1,703

$

1,500

$

1,433

$

1,228

 North
 America

$

441

$

1,440

$

1,294

$

1,349

$

1,168

 EMEA

73

161

121

66

40

 Latin
 America

51

47

45

16

17

 Asia

1

55

40

2

3

        Total OREO

$

566

$

1,703

$

1,500

$

1,433

$

1,228

 Other repossessed
 assets

$

1

$

28

$

73

$

78

$

99

 Non-accrual assets—Total
 Citigroup

2011

2010

2009

2008

2007

 Corporate non-accrual loans

$

3,236

$

8,620

$

13,479

$

9,732

$

1,665

 Consumer non-accrual
 loans

7,990

10,787

18,261

12,565

7,303

        Non-accrual
 loans (NAL)

$

11,226

$

19,407

$

31,740

$

22,297

$

8,968

 OREO

566

1,703

$

1,500

$

1,433

$

1,228

 Other repossessed assets

1

28

73

78

99

        Non-accrual
 assets (NAA)

$

11,793

$

21,138

$

33,313

$

23,808

$

10,295

 NAL as a percentage of total loans

1.73

%

2.99

%

5.37

%

3.21

%

1.15

%

 NAA as a percentage of total assets

0.63

1.10

1.79

1.23

0.47

 Allowance for loan losses as a
 percentage of NAL (1)(2)

268

209

114

133

180

 (1)

The $6.403 billion of non-accrual
 loans transferred from the held-for-sale portfolio to the
 held-for-investment portfolio during the fourth quarter of 2008 were
 marked to market at the transfer date and, therefore, no allowance was
 necessary at the time of the transfer. $2.426 billion of the par value of
 the loans reclassified was written off prior to transfer.

 (2)

The allowance for loan losses
 includes the allowance for credit card and purchased distressed loans,
 while the non-accrual loans exclude credit card balances (with the
 exception of certain international portfolios) and purchased distressed
 loans as these continue to accrue interest until
 write-off.

 Non-accrual assets—Total
 Citicorp

2011

2010

2009

2008

2007

 Non-accrual loans (NAL)

       $

4,018

$

4,909

$

5,353

$

3,282

$

2,027

 OREO

71

826

874

371

541

 Other repossessed assets

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

        Non-accrual
 assets (NAA)

$

4,089

$

5,735

$

6,227

$

3,653

$

2,568

 NAA as a percentage of total assets

0.31

%

0.45

%

0.55

%

0.34

%

0.21

%

 Allowance for loan losses as a
 percentage of NAL (1)

315

348

200

250

242

 Non-accrual assets—Total Citi
 Holdings

2011

2010

2009

2008

2007

 Non-accrual loans (NAL)

$

7,208

$

14,498

$

26,387

$

19,015

$

6,941

 OREO

480

863

615

1,022

679

 Other repossessed assets

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

        Non-accrual
 assets (NAA)

$

7,688

$

15,361

$

27,002

$

20,037

$

7,620

 NAA as a percentage of total assets

2.86

%

4.28

%

5.54

%

3.08

%

0.86

%

 Allowance for loan losses as a
 percentage of NAL (1)

242

163

96

113

161

 (1)

The allowance for loan losses
 includes the allowance for Citi’s credit card portfolios and purchased
 distressed loans, while the non-accrual loans exclude credit card balances
 (with the exception of certain international portfolios) and purchased
 distressed loans as these continue to accrue interest until
 write-off.

 N/A

Not available at the Citicorp or Citi Holdings
 level.

72

Renegotiated Loans

The following table presents Citi’s loans modified
in TDRs.

Dec. 31,

Dec.
 31,

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

 Corporate renegotiated loans 

(1)

 In U.S.
 offices

        Commercial and industrial
 (2)

$

206

$

240

        Mortgage and real estate
 (3)

241

61

        Loans to financial
 institutions

552

671

 Other

79

28

$

1,078

$

1,000

 In offices
 outside the U.S.

        Commercial and industrial
 (2)

$

223

$

207

        Mortgage and real estate
 (3)

17

90

        Loans to financial
 institutions

12

11

 Other

6

7

$

258

$

315

 Total Corporate renegotiated
 loans

$

1,336

$

1,315

 Consumer renegotiated loans (4)(5)(6)(7)

 In U.S. offices

        Mortgage and real
 estate

$

21,429

$

17,717

        Cards

5,766

4,747

        Installment and
other

1,357

1,986

$

28,552

$

24,450

 In offices outside the U.S.

        Mortgage and real
 estate

$

936

$

927

        Cards

929

1,159

        Installment and
other

1,342

1,875

$

3,207

$

3,961

 Total Consumer renegotiated
 loans

$

31,759

$

28,411

 (1)

Includes $455 million and $553
 million of non-accrual loans included in the non-accrual assets table
 above, at December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, respectively. The
 remaining loans are accruing interest.

 (2)

In addition to modifications
 reflected as TDRs at December 31, 2011, Citi also modified $39 million and
 $421 million of commercial loans risk rated “Substandard Non-Performing”
 or worse (asset category defined by banking regulators) in U.S. offices
 and offices outside the U.S., respectively. These modifications were not
 considered TDRs because the modifications did not involve a concession (a
 required element of a TDR for accounting purposes).

 (3)

In addition to modifications
 reflected as TDRs at December 31, 2011, Citi also modified $185 million
 and $33 million of commercial real estate loans risk rated “Substandard
 Non-Performing” or worse (asset category defined by banking regulators) in
 U.S. offices and in offices outside the U.S., respectively. These
 modifications were not considered TDRs because the modifications did not
 involve a concession (a required element of a TDR for accounting
 purposes).

 (4)

Includes $2,371 million and
 $2,751 million of non-accrual loans included in the non-accrual assets
 table above at December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, respectively. The
 remaining loans are accruing interest.

 (5)

Includes $19 million and $22
 million of commercial real estate loans at December 31, 2011 and December
 31, 2010, respectively.

 (6)

Includes $257 million and $177
 million of commercial loans at December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010,
 respectively.

 (7)

Smaller-balance homogeneous loans
 were derived from Citi’s risk management
systems.

     In
certain circumstances, Citigroup modifies certain of its Corporate loans
involving a non-troubled borrower. These modifications are subject to Citi’s
normal underwriting standards for new loans and are made in the normal course of
business to match customers’ needs with available Citi products or programs
(these modifications are not included in the table above). In other cases, loan
modifications involve a troubled borrower to whom Citi may grant a concession
(modification). Modifications involving troubled borrowers may include extension
of maturity date, reduction in the stated interest rate, rescheduling of future
cash flows, reduction in the face amount of the debt or reduction or waiver of
accrued interest or fees. See “Consumer Loan Modification Programs”
below.

Forgone Interest Revenue on
Loans

 (1)

In
 non-

In
 U.S.

U.S.

2011

 In millions of
dollars

offices

offices

total

 Interest revenue that would have been accrued

        at original contractual rates
 (2)

$

3,597

$

1,276

$

4,873

 Amount recognized as interest revenue
 (2)

1,539

415

1,954

 Forgone interest
 revenue

$

2,058

$

861

$

2,919

 (1)

Relates to Corporate
 non-accruals, renegotiated loans and Consumer loans on which accrual of
 interest has been suspended.

 (2)

Interest revenue in offices
 outside the U.S. may reflect prevailing local interest rates, including
 the effects of inflation and monetary correction in certain
 countries.

73

Loan Maturities and Fixed/Variable
Pricing Corporate Loans

Due

Over 1 year

within

but
 within

Over 5

 In millions of dollars at year end
 2011

1 year

5 years

years

Total

 Corporate loan portfolio

        maturities

 In U.S.
 offices

        Commercial
 and

               industrial
 loans

$

10,053

$

7,600

$

4,014

$

21,667

        Financial
 institutions

15,434

11,668

6,163

33,265

        Mortgage
 and real estate

9,603

7,260

3,835

20,698

        Lease
 financing

589

446

235

1,270

        Installment,
 revolving

               credit,
 other

6,965

5,265

2,781

15,011

 In offices outside the
 U.S.

91,060

31,725

9,525

132,310

 Total corporate
 loans

$

133,704

$

63,964

$

26,553

$

224,221

 Fixed/variable pricing of

        corporate loans
 with

        maturities due after
 one

        year 

(1)

 Loans at fixed interest rates

$

7,005

$

5,741

 Loans at
 floating or adjustable

        interest
 rates

56,959

20,812

 Total

$

63,964

$

26,553

 (1)

Based on contractual terms.
 Repricing characteristics may effectively be modified from time to time
 using derivative contracts. See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

U.S. Consumer Mortgage and Real Estate
Loans

Due

Over 1 year

within

but
 within

Over 5

 In millions of dollars at year end
 2011

1 year

5 years

years

Total

 U.S. Consumer mortgage

        loan portfolio
 type

        First
 mortgages

$

219

$

1,143

$

95,757

$

97,119

        Second
 mortgages

858

14,457

26,743

42,058

 Total

$

1,077

$

15,600

$

122,500

$

139,177

 Fixed/variable pricing of

        U.S. Consumer

        mortgage loans
 with

        maturities due after one
 year

 Loans at fixed
 interest rates

$

888

$

83,159

 Loans at floating or adjustable

        interest
 rates

14,712

39,341

 Total

$

15,600

$

122,500

74

North America Consumer Mortgage
Lending

Overview

Citi’s

North America

 Consumer mortgage portfolio consists of both
residential first mortgages and home equity loans. As of December 31, 2011,
Citi’s 
North
America

 Consumer residential
first mortgage portfolio totaled $95.4 billion, while the home equity loan
portfolio was $43.5 billion. Of the first mortgages, $67.5 billion are recorded
in 
LCL

 within Citi Holdings, with the remaining $27.9
billion recorded in Citicorp. With respect to the home equity loan portfolio,
$40.0 billion are recorded in 
LCL

, and $3.5 billion are
reported in Citicorp.

Citi’s residential first mortgage portfolio
included $9.2 billion of loans with FHA insurance or VA guarantees as of
December 31, 2011. This portfolio consists of loans originated to
low-to-moderate-income borrowers with lower FICO (Fair Isaac Corporation) scores
and generally has higher loan-to-value ratios (LTVs). Losses on FHA loans are
borne by the sponsoring agency, provided that the insurance terms have not been
rescinded as a result of an origination defect. With respect to VA loans, the VA
establishes a loan-level loss cap, beyond which Citi is liable for loss. While
FHA and VA loans have high delinquency rates, given the insurance and
guarantees, respectively, Citi has experienced negligible credit losses on these
loans to date.

Also as of December 31, 2011,
the residential first mortgage portfolio included $1.6 billion of loans with
LTVs above 80%, which have insurance through mortgage insurance companies, and
$1.2 billion of loans subject to long-term standby commitments (LTSC) with U.S.
government-sponsored entities (GSEs), for which Citi has limited exposure to
credit losses. Citi’s home equity loan portfolio also included $0.4 billion of
loans subject to LTSCs with GSEs, for which Citi also has limited exposure to
credit losses. These guarantees and commitments may be rescinded in the event of
origination defects.

Citi’s allowance for loan loss
calculations takes into consideration the impact of the guarantees and
commitments referenced above.

Citi does not offer option adjustable rate mortgages/negative amortizing
mortgage products to its customers. As a result, option adjustable rate
mortgages/negative amortizing mortgages represent an insignificant portion of
total balances, since they were acquired only incidentally as part of prior
portfolio and business purchases.

As of December 31, 2011, Citi’s
 North America

 residential
first mortgage portfolio contained approximately $15 billion of adjustable rate
mortgages that are required to make a payment only of accrued interest for the
payment period, or an interest-only payment. Borrowers that are currently
required to make an interest-only payment cannot select a lower payment that
would negatively amortize the loan. Residential first mortgages with this
payment feature are primarily to high-credit-quality borrowers that have on
average significantly higher origination and refreshed FICO scores than other
loans in the residential first mortgage portfolio.

North America Consumer
Mortgage Quarterly Credit Trends—Delinquencies and Net Credit Losses—Residential
First Mortgages

The following
charts detail the quarterly trends in delinquencies and net credit losses for
Citi’s residential first mortgage portfolio in 
North America

. As referenced in the “Overview” section above,
the majority of Citi’s residential first mortgage exposure arises from its
portfolio within Citi Holdings – 
LCL

.

 Residential First Mortgages —
 Citigroup

In billions of
 dollars

75

 Residential First Mortgages —
 Citi Holdings

In billions of
 dollars

 Residential First Mortgage
 Delinquencies — Citi Holdings 

In
 billions of dollars

Notes:

– Totals may not sum due to rounding.

– For each of the tables above, days past due exclude U.S. mortgage loans
that are guaranteed by U.S. government agencies, because the potential loss
predominantly resides with the U.S. agencies and loans recorded at fair
value.

76

     As
previously disclosed, management actions, including asset sales and modification
programs, have been the primary drivers of the improved asset performance within
Citi’s residential first mortgage portfolio in Citi Holdings during the periods
presented above. With respect to asset sales, in total, Citi has sold
approximately $7.6 billion of delinquent first mortgages since the beginning of
2010, including $2.7 billion in 2011. As evidenced by the numbers above, the
pace of Citi’s sales of residential first mortgages has slowed, primarily due to
the lack of remaining eligible inventory and demand.

Regarding modifications of residential first
mortgages, since the third quarter of 2009, Citi has permanently modified
approximately $6.1 billion of residential first mortgage loans under its HAMP
and CSM programs, two of Citi’s more significant residential first mortgage
modification programs. (For additional information on Citi’s significant
residential first mortgage loan modification programs, see “Consumer Loan
Modification Programs” below.) However, the pace of modification activity has
also slowed due to the 

decrease in the inventory of
residential first mortgage loans available for modification, primarily as a
result of the significant levels of modifications in prior periods.

As a result of these two converging trends and as
set forth in the tables above, Citi’s residential first mortgage delinquency
trends are beginning to show the impact of re-defaults of previously modified
mortgages, including an increase in the 90+ days past due delinquencies during
the fourth quarter of 2011, although the re-default rates for the HAMP and CSM
programs continued to track favorably versus expectations as of December 31, 2011. While net credit losses in
this portfolio decreased during the periods set forth above, if delinquencies
continue to increase, Citi could begin experiencing increasing net credit losses
in this portfolio going forward. Citi has taken these trends and uncertainties,
including the potential for re-defaults, into consideration in determining its loan loss
reserves. See “
North America
Consumer Mortgages – Loan Loss Reserve Coverage” 

below.

Residential First Mortgages
– State Delinquency Trends

The
following tables set forth, for total Citigroup, the six states and/or regions
with the highest concentration of Citi’s residential first mortgages as of
December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010.

 In billions
 of dollars

December 31,
 2011

December 31,
 2010

%

%

ENR

90+DPD

       LTV >

Refreshed

ENR

90+DPD

LTV
 >

Refreshed

 State 

(1)

ENR

 (2)      
 Distribution

%

100%

FICO

 ENR 

 (2)      
 Distribution

%

100%

FICO

 CA

$

22.6

28

%

2.7

%

38

%

727

$

23.0

27

%

4.1

%

40

%

718

 NY/NJ/CT

11.2

14

4.9

10

712

9.7

12

6.6

13

693

 IN/OH/MI

4.6

6

6.3

44

650

5.0

6

8.3

46

636

 FL

4.3

5

10.2

57

668

4.7

6

12.2

59

656

 IL

3.5

4

7.2

45

686

3.5

4

8.3

44

669

 AZ/NV

2.3

3

5.7

73

698

2.6

3

8.2

73

688

 Other

33.2

41

5.8

21

663

35.2

42

7.0

21

650

 Total

$

81.7

100

%

5.1

%

30

%

689

$

83.7

100

%

6.6

%

32

%

675

 (1)

Certain of the states are
 included as part of a region based on Citi’s view of similar home prices
 (HPI) within the region.

 (2)

Ending net receivables. Excludes
 loans in Canada and Puerto Rico, loans guaranteed by U.S. government
 agencies, loans recorded at fair value and loans subject to
 LTSCs.

     As
evidenced by the tables above, Citi’s residential first mortgages portfolio is
primarily concentrated in California and the New York/New Jersey/Connecticut
region (with New York as the largest of the three states). Year over year, the
90+ days past due delinquency rate improved across each of the states and
regions shown in the tables. As referenced under “Citi Holdings—Residential
First Mortgages” above, however, the vast majority of the improvement in these
delinquency rates was driven by Citi’s continued asset sales of delinquent
mortgages. As asset sales have slowed, Citi has observed deterioration in 90+
days past due delinquencies for each of the states and/or regions above,
including during the fourth quarter of 2011. Combined with the increase in the
average number of days to foreclosure (see discussion under “Foreclosures”
below) in all of these states and regions, Citi could experience continued
deterioration in the 90+ days past due delinquency rate in these
areas.

Foreclosures

As of
December 31, 2011, approximately 2.5% of Citi’s residential first mortgage
portfolio was actively in the foreclosure process, which Citi refers to as its
“foreclosure inventory.” This was down from 3.1% at December 31, 2010. The
decline in foreclosure inventory year over year was largely due to two separate
trends. First, during 2011, there were fewer residential first mortgages moving
into Citi’s foreclosure inventory primarily as a result of Citi’s continued
asset sales of delinquent first mortgages (as discussed above), as well as
increased state requirements for foreclosure filings. For example, certain
states have increased the number of pre-foreclosure filings and notices
required, including various requirements for affidavit filings and demand
letters (including the contents of such letters), as well as required additional
time to review a borrower’s loss mitigation activities prior to permitting a
foreclosure filing. In addition, while Citi may generally begin

77

the foreclosure process when
loans are 90+ days past due, not all such loans become part of Citi’s
foreclosure inventory as Citi may not refer such loans to foreclosure as it
continues to work with the borrower pursuant to its loss mitigation programs, or
for other reasons. This also decreased the number of residential first mortgages
moving into Citi’s foreclosure inventory.

Second, while loans exited foreclosure
inventory during 2011, this was not necessarily due to completion of foreclosure
and sale. Loans may exit foreclosure inventory if Citi renews efforts to work
with the borrower pursuant to its loss mitigation programs, if the borrower
enters bankruptcy proceedings, if Citi decides not to pursue the foreclosure, or
for other reasons. In each of the circumstances described in the discussion
above, however, the loans continue to age through Citi’s delinquency buckets and
remain part of its non-accrual assets.

In addition to the decline in the actual number of completed
foreclosures, the overall foreclosure process has lengthened. This is
particularly pronounced in judicial states (i.e., those states that require
foreclosures to be processed via court approval)—including New York, New Jersey,
Florida and Illinois—but has also occurred in non-judicial states where Citi has
a higher concentration of residential first mortgages (see “Residential First
Mortgages—State Delinquency Trends” above). The lengthening of the foreclosure
process is due to numerous factors, including without limitation the increased
state requirements referenced above, Citi’s continued work with borrowers
through its various modification programs and the overall depressed state of
home sales in certain of Citi’s high concentration markets. As one example of
the lengthening of the foreclosure process, Citi’s aged foreclosure inventory
(active foreclosures in process for two years or more), as a proportion of
Citi’s total foreclosure inventory, more than doubled year over year. While the
proportion of aged foreclosure inventory continued to represent a small portion
of the total (approximately 10%, as of December 31, 2011), Citi believes this
trend reflects the increased time involved in the foreclosure process, and
believes this trend could continue due, in part, to the issues discussed
above.

When combined with the
continued pressure on home prices, particularly in certain regions where Citi
has a higher concentration of residential first mortgages, this lengthening of
the foreclosure process also subjects Citi to increased “severity” risk, or the
magnitude of the loss on the amount ultimately realized for the property subject
to foreclosure, as well as increased ongoing costs related to the foreclosure
process, such as property maintenance.

North America Consumer
Mortgage Quarterly Credit Trends—Delinquencies and Net Credit Losses—Home Equity
Loans

Citi’s home equity loan
portfolio consists of both fixed rate home equity loans and loans extended under
home equity lines of credit. Fixed rate home equity loans are fully amortizing.
Home equity lines of credit allow for amounts to be drawn for a period of time
and then, at the end of the draw period, the then-outstanding amount is
converted to an amortizing loan. After conversion, the loan typically has a
20-year amortization repayment period.

     Historically, Citi’s home equity lines of
credit typically had a 10-year draw period. Beginning in June 2010, Citi’s new
originations of home equity lines of credit typically have a five-year draw
period as Citi changed these terms to mitigate risk due to the economic
environment and declining home prices. As of December 31, 2011, Citi’s home
equity loan portfolio included approximately $25 billion of home equity lines of
credit that are still within their revolving period and have not commenced
amortization (the interest-only payment feature during the revolving period is
standard for this product across the industry). The vast majority of Citi’s home
equity loans extended under lines of credit as of December 31, 2011 will
contractually begin to amortize after 2014.

As of December 31, 2011, the percentage of U.S. home equity loans in a
junior lien position where Citi also owned or serviced the first lien was
approximately 31%. However, for all home equity loans (regardless of whether
Citi owns or services the first lien), Citi manages its home equity loan account
strategy through obtaining and reviewing refreshed credit bureau scores (which
reflect the borrower’s performance on all of its debts, including a first lien,
if any), refreshed LTV ratios and other borrower credit-related information.
Historically, the default and delinquency statistics for junior liens where Citi
also owns or services the first lien have been better than for those where Citi
does not own or service the first lien, which Citi believes is generally
attributable to origination channels and better credit characteristics of the
portfolio, including FICO and LTV, for those junior liens where Citi also owns
or services the first lien.

78

     The
following charts detail the quarterly trends in delinquencies and net credit
losses for Citi’s home equity loan portfolio in 
North America

. Similar to Citi’s residential first mortgage
portfolio, the majority of Citi’s home equity loan exposure arises from its
portfolio within Citi Holdings – 
LCL

.

 Home Equity Loans —
 Citigroup

In billions of
 dollars

 Home Equity Loans — Citi
 Holdings

In billions of
 dollars

 Home Equity Loan Delinquencies —
 Citi Holdings 

In billions of
 dollars

Notes: 

– Totals may not sum due to rounding.

79

As
evidenced by the tables above, the pace of improvement in home equity loan
delinquencies has slowed or remained flat. Given the lack of market in which to
sell delinquent home equity loans, as well as the relatively smaller number of
home equity loan modifications and modification programs, Citi’s ability to
offset increased delinquencies and net credit losses in its home equity loan
portfolio in Citi Holdings has been more limited as compared to residential
first mortgages, as discussed above. Accordingly, Citi could begin to experience
increased delinquencies and thus increased net credit losses

in this portfolio going
forward. Citi has taken these trends and uncertainties into consideration in determining its
loan loss reserves. See “North America Consumer
Mortgages – Loan Loss Reserve Coverage” 

below.

Home Equity Loans– State Delinquency
Trends

The following tables set
forth, for total Citigroup, the six states and/or regions with the highest
concentration of Citi’s home equity loans as of December 31, 2011 and December
31, 2010.

 In billions
 of dollars

December 31, 2011

December 31,
 2010

%

%

ENR

90+DPD

LTV
 >

Refreshed

ENR

90+DPD

LTV
 >

Refreshed

 State 

(1)

ENR

 (2)

Distribution

%

100%

FICO

ENR

 (2)

Distribution

%

100%

FICO

 CA

$

11.2

27

%

2.3

%

50

%

721

$

12.7

27

%

2.8

%

48

%

724

 NY/NJ/CT

9.2

22

2.1

19

715

10.1

21

2.1

20

719

 FL

2.8

7

3.3

69

698

3.2

7

3.9

68

698

 IL

1.6

4

2.3

62

705

1.9

4

2.4

57

706

 IN/OH/MI

1.5

4

2.6

66

678

1.8

4

3.3

64

671

 AZ/NV

1.0

3

4.1

83

706

1.3

3

5.5

82

703

 Other

13.7

33

2.3

46

695

16.3

34

2.4

44

693

 Total

$

41.0

100

%

2.4

%

45

%

707

$

47.3

100

%

2.6

%

44

%

707

 (1)

Certain of the states are
 included as part of a region based on Citi’s view of similar home prices
 (HPI) within the region.

 (2)

Ending net receivables. Excludes
 loans in Canada and Puerto Rico and loans subject to
 LTSCs.

     Similar to residential first mortgages (see “Residential First
Mortgages—State Delinquency Trends” above), at December 31, 2011, Citi’s home
equity loan portfolio was primarily concentrated in California and the New
York/New Jersey/Connecticut region. Year over year, 90+ days past due
delinquencies improved or remained stable across each of the states and regions
shown in the tables. See also “Consumer Mortgage FICO and LTV” below.

North America Consumer
Mortgages – Loan Loss Reserve Coverage

At December 31, 2011, approximately $9.8 billion
of Citi’s total loan loss reserves of $30.1 billion was allocated to

North America

 real estate lending in Citi Holdings,
representing approximately 31 months of coincident net credit loss coverage as
of such date. With respect to Citi’s aggregate 
North America

 Consumer mortgage portfolio, including Citi
Holdings as well as the residential first mortgages and home equity loans in
Citicorp, Citi’s loan loss reserves of $10.0 billion at December 31, 2011
represented 30 months of coincident net credit loss coverage.

Consumer Mortgage FICO and
LTV

As a consequence of the
financial crisis, economic environment and the decrease in housing prices, LTV
and FICO scores for Citi’s residential first mortgage and home equity loan
portfolios have generally deteriorated since origination, particularly in the
case of originations between 2006 and 2007, although, as set forth in the tables
below, the negative migration has generally stabilized. Generally, on a
refreshed basis, approximately 30% of residential first mortgages had a LTV
ratio above 100%, compared to approximately 0% at origination. Similarly,
approximately 36% of residential first mortgages had FICO scores less than 660
on a refreshed basis, compared to 27% at origination. With respect to home
equity loans, approximately 45% of home equity loans had refreshed LTVs above
100%, compared to approximately 0% at origination. Approximately 24% of home
equity loans had FICO scores less than 660 on a refreshed basis, compared to 9%
at origination.

80

FICO and LTV Trend Information—

North
America
Consumer Mortgages

Residential First Mortgages

In billions of
dollars

 Residential
 Mortgage—90+ DPD %

4Q10

1Q11

2Q11

3Q11

4Q11

 FICO ≥ 660, LTV ≤
 100%

0.3%

0.4%

0.3%

0.3%

0.4%

 FICO ≥ 660, LTV >
 100%

1.3%

1.1%

1.1%

1.2%

1.2%

 FICO < 660, LTV ≤
 100%

12.8%

11.0%

9.8%

10.0%

10.7%

 FICO < 660, LTV
 > 100%

20.4%

16.6%

15.3%

14.9%

16.5%

Home Equity
Loans

In billions of
dollars

 Home Equity—90+ DPD
 %

4Q10

1Q11

2Q11

3Q11

4Q11

 FICO ≥ 660, LTV ≤
 100%

0.1%

0.1%

0.1%

0.1%

0.3%

 FICO ≥ 660, LTV >
 100%

0.3%

0.3%

0.1%

0.1%

0.2%

 FICO < 660, LTV ≤
 100%

7.7%

7.7%

7.0%

7.4%

7.6%

 FICO < 660, LTV
 > 100%

12.1%

11.7%

10.1%

10.3%

10.3%

 Notes: 

 –    

Data
 appearing in the tables above have been sourced from Citi’s risk systems
 and, as such, may not reconcile with disclosures elsewhere generally due
 to differences in methodology or variations in the manner in which
 information is captured. Citi has noted such variations in instances where
 it believes they could be material to reconcile to the information
 presented elsewhere.

 – 

Tables
 exclude loans in Canada and Puerto Rico, loans guaranteed by U.S.
 government agencies (residential first mortgages table only), loans
 recorded at fair value (residential first mortgages table only) and loans
 subject to LTSCs.

 – 

Balances
 exclude deferred fees/costs.

 – 

Tables exclude balances for which FICO or LTV data is unavailable. For residential first mortgages, balances for which such data is unavailable includes $0.4 billion for 4Q10, $0.6 billion for 1Q11, and $0.4 billion in each of 2Q11, 3Q11 and 4Q11. For home equity loans, balances for which such data is unavailable includes $0.3 billion in 4Q10, $0.1 billion in 1Q11, $0.3 billion in 2Q11, $0.2 billion in 3Q11, and $0.2 billion in 4Q11.

     As
evidenced by the table above, the overall proportion of 90+ days past due
residential first mortgages with refreshed FICO scores of less than 660
decreased year over year. Citi believes that the deterioration in these 90+ days
past due delinquency ratios from third to fourth quarter 2011 reflects the
decline in Citi’s asset sales of delinquent first mortgages, the lengthening of
the foreclosure process and the continued economic uncertainty, as discussed in
the sections above.

Although home equity loans are typically in junior lien positions and
residential first mortgages are typically in a first lien position, residential
first mortgages historically have experienced higher delinquency rates as
compared to home equity loans. Citi believes this difference is primarily due to
the fact that residential first mortgages are written down to collateral value
less cost to sell at 180 days past due and remain in the delinquency population
until full disposition through sale, repayment or foreclosure, whereas home
equity loans are generally fully charged off at 180 days past due and thus
removed from the delinquency calculation. In addition, due to the longer
timelines to foreclose on a residential first mortgage (see “Foreclosures”
above), these loans tend to remain in the delinquency statistics for a longer
period and, consequently, the 90 days or more delinquencies of these mortgages
remain higher.

Despite this historically
higher level of delinquencies for residential first mortgages, however, home
equity loan delinquencies have generally decreased at a slower rate than
residential first mortgage delinquencies. Citi believes this difference is due
primarily to the lack of a market to sell delinquent home equity loans and the
relatively smaller number of home equity loan modifications which, to date, have
been the primary drivers of Citi’s first mortgage delinquency improvement (see
“North America Consumer Mortgage Quarterly Credit Trends—Delinquencies and Net
Credit Losses—Residential First Mortgages” above).

81

Mortgage Servicing Rights

To
minimize credit and liquidity risk, Citi sells most of the mortgage loans it originates, but retains the servicing rights.
These sale transactions create an intangible asset referred to as mortgage servicing rights (MSRs), which are recorded at
fair value on Citi’s Consolidated Balance Sheet. The fair value of MSRs is primarily affected by changes in
prepayments of mortgages that result from shifts in mortgage interest rates. Specifically, the fair value of MSRs declines
with increased prepayments, and lower interest rates are generally one factor that tends to lead to increased prepayments.
In managing this risk, Citi economically hedges a significant portion of the value of its MSRs through the use of interest
rate derivative contracts, forward purchase commitments of mortgage-backed securities and purchased securities classified as

Trading account assets

.

Citi’s
MSRs totaled $2.569 billion, $2.852 billion and $4.554 billion at December 31, 2011, September 30, 2011 and December 31,
2010, respectively. The decrease in the value of Citi’s MSRs from year end 2010 to year end 2011 primarily represented
the impact from lower interest rates in addition to amortization.

For
additional information on Citi’s MSRs, see Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

North America Cards

Overview

As of December
31, 2011, Citi’s 
North
America

 cards portfolio consists
of its Citi-branded portfolio in Citicorp
—Global Consumer Banking

and its retail partner cards portfolio in Citi Holdings
—Local Consumer Lending

. The substantial majority of the retail partner
cards portfolio will be transferred to Citicorp—
NA RCB

, effective in the first quarter of 2012 (see “Executive Summary” and
“Citi Holdings” above). As of December 31, 2011, the Citi-branded portfolio
totaled $76 billion, while the retail partner cards portfolio was $43
billion.

See
“Consumer Loan Modification Programs” below for a discussion of Citi’s
significant cards modification programs.

North America Cards
Quarterly Credit Trends—Delinquencies and Net Credit Losses

The following charts detail the quarterly trends
in delinquencies and net credit losses for Citigroup’s 
North America

 Citi-branded and retail partner cards portfolios.
As evidenced by the charts, delinquencies and net credit losses continued to
improve during 2011. Citi currently expects some continued improvement in these
metrics, although at a slower pace as the portfolios
stabilize.

 Citi-Branded Cards –
 Citigroup

82

 Retail Partner Cards –
 Citigroup

North America Cards–Loan
Loss Reserve Coverage

At
December 31, 2011, approximately $10.1 billion of Citi’s total loan loss
reserves of $30.1 billion was allocated to Citi’s 
North America

 cards portfolios, representing over 17 months of
coincident net credit loss coverage as of such date.

83

CONSUMER LOAN DETAILS

Consumer Loan Delinquency Amounts and
Ratios

Total

loans

 (7)

90+ days past due

 (1)

30–89 days past due

 (1)

December 31,

December 31,

December 31,

 In millions of dollars, except EOP loan amounts in
 billions

2011

2011

2010

2009

2011

2010

2009

 Citicorp
 (2)(3)(4)

 Total

 $

246.6

$

2,410

$

3,101

$

4,103

$

2,880

$

3,553

$

4,338

        Ratio

0.98

%

1.35

%

1.83

%

1.17

%

1.55

%

1.93

%

 Retail banking

        Total

$

133.3

$

736

$

760

$

805

$

1,039

$

1,146

$

1,107

 Ratio

0.56

%

0.66

%

0.75

%

0.79

%

0.99

%

1.03

%

        North
 America

38.9

235

228

106

213

212

81

 Ratio

0.63

%

0.76

%

0.33

%

0.57

%

0.71

%

0.25

%

        EMEA

4.2

58

84

129

93

136

223

 Ratio

1.38

%

2.00

%

2.48

%

2.21

%

3.24

%

4.29

%

        Latin
 America

24.0

221

223

311

289

265

344

 Ratio

0.92

%

1.09

%

1.71

%

1.20

%

1.30

%

1.89

%

        Asia

66.2

222

225

259

444

533

459

 Ratio

0.34

%

0.37

%

0.50

%

0.67

%

0.88

%

0.89

%

 Citi-branded
 cards

        Total

$

113.3

$

1,674

$

2,341

$

3,298

$

1,841

$

2,407

$

3,231

 Ratio

1.48

%

2.05

%

2.81

%

1.62

%

2.11

%

2.75

%

        North
 America

75.9

1,004

1,597

2,371

1,062

1,539

2,182

 Ratio

1.32

%

2.06

%

2.82

%

1.40

%

1.99

%

2.59

%

        EMEA

2.7

44

58

85

59

72

140

 Ratio

1.63

%

2.07

%

2.83

%

2.19

%

2.57

%

4.67

%

        Latin
 America

13.7

412

446

565

399

456

556

 Ratio

3.01

%

3.33

%

4.56

%

2.91

%

3.40

%

4.48

%

        Asia

21.0

214

240

277

321

340

353

 Ratio

1.02

%

1.18

%

1.55

%

1.53

%

1.67

%

1.97

%

 Citi Holdings—Local
 Consumer Lending 
(2)(3)(5)(6)

        Total

$

176.0

$

6,971

$

10,216

$

18,457

$

6,340

$

9,396

$

14,105

 Ratio

4.18

%

4.76

%

6.11

%

3.80

%

4.38

%

4.67

%

        International

10.8

422

657

1,362

498

848

1,482

 Ratio

3.91

%

3.00

%

4.22

%

4.61

%

3.87

%

4.59

%

        North America retail
 partner cards

42.8

1,054

1,601

2,681

1,282

1,685

2,674

 Ratio

2.46

%

3.45

%

4.42

%

3.00

%

3.63

%

4.41

%

        North America

(excluding cards)

122.4

5,495

7,958

14,414

4,560

6,863

9,949

 Ratio

4.85

%

5.43

%

6.89

%

4.03

%

4.68

%

4.76

%

 Total
 Citigroup (excluding 

Special
 Asset Pool

)

$

422.6

$

9,381

$

13,317

$

22,560

$

9,220

$

12,949

$

18,443

 Ratio

2.28

%

3.00

%

4.29

%

2.24

%

2.92

%

3.50

%

 (1)

The ratios of 90+ days past due
 and 30–89 days past due are calculated based on end-of-period (EOP)
 loans.

 (2)

The 90+ days past due balances
 for Citi-branded cards and retail partner cards are generally still
 accruing interest. Citigroup’s policy is generally to accrue interest on
 credit card loans until 180 days past due, unless notification of
 bankruptcy filing has been received earlier.

 (3)

Periods prior to January 1, 2010
 are presented on a managed basis. Citigroup adopted SFAS 166/167 effective
 January 1, 2010. As a result, beginning in the first quarter of 2010,
 there is no longer a difference between reported and managed
 delinquencies. Prior years’ managed delinquencies are included herein for
 comparative purposes to the 2010 delinquencies. Managed basis reporting
 historically impacted the 
North America
 Regional Consumer Banking

—Citi-branded
 cards and the 
LCL

—retail partner cards businesses. The historical
 disclosures reflect the impact from credit card securitizations only. See
 discussion of adoption of SFAS 166/167 in Note 1 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements.

 (4)

The 90+ days and 30–89 days past
 due and related ratios for 
North America
 Regional Consumer Banking 

exclude U.S.
 mortgage loans that are guaranteed by U.S. government agencies since the
 potential loss predominantly resides within the U.S. agencies. The amounts
 excluded for loans 90+ days past due and (EOP loans) are $611 million
 ($1.3 billion) and $235 million ($0.8 billion) at December 31, 2011 and
 December 31, 2010, respectively. The amounts excluded for loans 30–89 days
 past due (end-of-period loans have the same adjustment as above) are $121
 million and $30 million, as of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010,
 respectively.

 (5)

The 90+ days and 30–89 days past
 due and related ratios for 
North America
 LCL 

(excluding cards) exclude U.S.
 mortgage loans that are guaranteed by U.S. government agencies since the
 potential loss predominantly resides within the U.S. agencies. The amounts
 excluded for loans 90+ days past due and (EOP loans) for each period are
 $4.4 billion ($7.9 billion), $5.2 billion ($8.4 billion), and $5.4 billion
 ($9.0 billion) at December 31, 2011, December 31, 2010, and December 31,
 2009, respectively. The amounts excluded for loans 30–89 days past due
 (end-of-period loans have the same adjustment as above) for each period
 are $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion, and $1.0 billion, as of December 31, 2011,
 December 31, 2010, and December 31, 2009, respectively.

 (6)

The December 31, 2011 and
 December 31, 2010 loans 90+ days past due and 30–89 days past due and
 related ratios for 
North America

(excluding cards) exclude $1.3 billion
 and $1.7 billion, respectively, of loans that are carried at fair
 value.

 (7)

Total loans include interest and
 fees on credit cards.

84

Consumer Loan Net Credit Losses and
Ratios

Average

loans

 (1)

Net credit losses

 (2)

 In millions of dollars, except
 average loan amounts in billions

2011

2011

2010

2009

 Citicorp

 Total

     $

236.5

 $

7,688

 $

11,216

 $

5,395

        Add: impact of credit card
 securitizations (3)

—

—

6,931

        Managed NCL

7,688

11,216

12,326

        Ratio

3.25

%

5.11

%

5.63

%

 Retail
 banking

        Total

$

126.3

$

1,174

$

1,267

$

1,555

 Ratio

0.93

%

1.16

%

1.48

%

        North
 America

34.5

300

339

311

 Ratio

0.87

%

1.11

%

0.90

%

        EMEA

4.4

87

167

287

 Ratio

1.99

%

3.88

%

5.17

%

        Latin
 America

22.6

475

439

512

 Ratio

2.10

%

2.35

%

3.08

%

        Asia

64.8

312

322

445

 Ratio

0.48

%

0.58

%

0.92

%

 Citi-branded cards

        Total

$

110.2

$

6,514

$

9,949

$

3,840

 Add: impact of credit card securitizations (3)

—

—

6,931

 Managed NCL

6,514

9,949

10,771

 Ratio

5.92

%

9.04

%

9.46

%

        North
 America

73.1

4,649

7,680

841

 Add: impact of credit card securitizations (3)

—

—

6,931

 Managed NCL

4,649

7,680

7,772

 Ratio

6.36

%

10.02

%

9.41

%

        EMEA

2.9

85

149

185

 Ratio

2.98

%

5.32

%

6.55

%

        Latin
 America

13.7

1,209

1,429

1,920

 Ratio

8.82

%

11.67

%

16.10

%

        Asia

20.5

571

691

894

 Ratio

2.78

%

3.77

%

5.42

%

 Citi
 Holdings—Local Consumer Lending

        Total

$

199.7

$

10,659

$

17,040

$

19,185

 Add: impact of credit card securitizations (3)

—

—

4,590

 Managed NCL

10,659

17,040

23,775

 Ratio

5.34

%

6.20

%

7.03

%

        International

16.8

1,057

1,927

3,521

 Ratio

6.30

%

7.36

%

9.18

%

        North America retail

partner cards

42.1

3,609

6,564

3,485

 Add: impact of credit card securitizations (3)

—

—

4,590

 Managed NCL

3,609

6,564

8,075

 Ratio

8.58

%

12.82

%

12.77

%

        North America

(excluding cards)

140.8

5,993

8,549

12,179

 Ratio

4.25

%

4.33

%

5.15

%

 Total Citigroup (excluding 

Special Asset Pool

)

$

436.2

$

18,347

$

28,256

$

24,580

 Add: impact of credit card securitizations (3)

—

—

11,521

 Managed NCL

18,347

28,256

36,101

 Ratio

4.21

%

5.72

%

6.48

%

 (1)

Average loans include interest
 and fees on credit cards.

 (2)

The ratios of net credit losses
 are calculated based on average loans, net of unearned
income.

 (3)

See Note 1 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements for a discussion of the impact of SFAS
 166/167.

85

Consumer Loan Modification
Programs

Citi has instituted a
variety of loan modification programs to assist its borrowers with financial
difficulties. Under these programs, the largest of which are predominately
long-term modification programs targeted at residential first mortgage
borrowers, the original loan terms are modified. Substantially all of these
programs incorporate some form of interest rate reduction; other concessions may
include reductions or waivers of accrued interest or fees, loan tenor extensions
and/or the deferral or forgiveness of
principal.

Loans modified under long-term modification programs (as well as
short-term modifications originated since January 1, 2011) that provide
concessions to borrowers in financial difficulty are reported as troubled debt
restructurings (TDRs). Accordingly, loans modified under the programs described
below, including modifications under short-term programs since January 1, 2011,
are TDRs. These TDRs are concentrated in the U.S. See Note 16 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of TDRs and Note 1 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the allowance for loan
losses for these loans.

A summary of Citi’s more significant U.S. modification programs
follows:

Residential First
Mortgages

HAMP.

 The HAMP is a
long-term modification program designed to reduce monthly residential first
mortgage payments to a 31% housing debt ratio (monthly mortgage payment,
including property taxes, insurance and homeowner dues, divided by monthly gross
income) by lowering the interest rate, extending the term of the loan and
deferring or forgiving (either on an absolute or contingent basis) principal of
certain eligible borrowers who have defaulted on their mortgages or who are at
risk of imminent default due to economic hardship. The interest rate reduction
for residential first mortgages under HAMP is in effect for five years and the
rate then increases up to 1% per year until the interest rate cap (the lower of
the original rate or the Freddie Mac Weekly Primary Mortgage Market Survey rate
for a 30-year fixed rate conforming loan as of the date of the modification) is
reached. In order to be entitled to a HAMP loan modification, borrowers must
provide the required documentation and complete a trial period (generally three
months) by making the agreed payments.

Historically, Citi accounted for modifications under HAMP as TDRs when
the borrower successfully completed the trial period and the loan was
permanently modified. Effective in the fourth quarter of 2011, trial
modifications are reported as TDRs at the beginning of the trial period.
Accordingly, all loans in HAMP trials as of the end of 2011 are reported as
TDRs.

Citi
Supplemental.

 The Citi
Supplemental (CSM) program is a long-term modification program designed to
assist residential first mortgage borrowers ineligible for HAMP or who become
ineligible through the HAMP trial period process. If the borrower already has
less than a 31% housing debt

ratio, the modification offered is an interest rate
reduction (up to 2.5% with a floor rate of 4%), which is in effect for two
years, and the rate then increases up to 1% per year until the interest rate is
at the pre-modified contractual rate. If the borrower’s housing debt ratio is
greater than 31%, steps similar to those under HAMP, including potential
interest rate reductions, will be taken to achieve a 31% housing debt ratio. The
modified interest rate is in effect for two years, and then increases up to 1%
per year until the interest rate is at the pre-modified contractual rate. Three
trial payments are required prior to modification, which can be made during the
trial period. As in the case of HAMP as discussed above, all loans in CSM trials
as of the end of 2011 are reported as TDRs.

FHA/VA.

 Loans guaranteed by the FHA or VA are modified through the modification
process required by those respective agencies and are long-term modification
programs. Borrowers must be delinquent, and concessions include interest rate
reductions, principal forgiveness, extending maturity dates, and forgiving
accrued interest and late fees. The interest rate reduction is in effect for the
remaining loan term. Losses on FHA loans are borne by the sponsoring agency,
provided that the insurance terms have not been rescinded as a result of an
origination defect. The VA establishes a loan-level loss cap, beyond which Citi
is liable for loss. Historically, Citi’s losses on FHA and VA loans have been
negligible.

Responsible Lending.

Citi’s Responsible Lending
program is a long-term modification program designed to assist current
residential first mortgage borrowers unable to refinance their loan due to
negative equity in their home and/or other borrower characteristics. These loans
are not eligible for modification under HAMP or CSM. This program is designed to
provide payment relief based on a floor interest rate by product type. All
adjustable rate and interest only loans are converted to fixed rate, amortizing
loans for the remaining mortgage term.

CFNA Permanent Mortgage Adjustment of Terms.

 This long-term modification program is targeted
to CitiFinancial’s (part of Citi Holdings – 
LCL

) consumer finance residential mortgage borrowers with a permanent
hardship. Payment reduction is provided through the re-amortization of the
remaining loan balance, typically at a lower interest rate. Modified loan tenors
may not exceed a period of 480 months. Generally, the rescheduled payment cannot
be less than 50% of the original payment amount unless the adjustment of terms
is a result of participation in the CitiFinancial Home Affordability
Modification Program (CHAMP) (terminated August 2010), or as a result of
settlement, court order, judgment or bankruptcy. Borrowers must make a
qualifying payment at the reduced payment amount in order to qualify for the
modification. In addition, borrowers must provide income and employment
verification, and monthly obligations are validated through an updated credit
report.

86

     CFNA Temporary Mortgage Adjustment of Terms.

 This short-term modification program is similar
to the long-term program discussed above, but is targeted to CitiFinancial’s
consumer finance borrowers with a temporary hardship. Under this program, which
can include both an interest rate reduction and a term extension, the interest
rate is reduced for either a five- or an eleven-month period. At the end of the
temporary modification period, the interest rate reverts to the pre-modification
rate. Similar to the long-term program, borrowers must make a payment at the
reduced payment amount prior to the adjustment of terms being processed to
qualify, and they must meet the verification and validation requirements
discussed above. If the customer is still undergoing hardship at the conclusion
of the temporary payment reduction, an extension of the temporary terms can be
considered in either of the time period increments above, to a maximum of 24
months. In cases where the account is over 60 days past due at the expiration of
the temporary modification period, the terms of the modification are made
permanent and the payment is kept at the reduced amount for the remaining life
of the loan.

Credit Cards

Credit card long-term modification programs.

Citi’s long-term modification
programs for its Citi-branded and retail partner cards borrowers are designed to
liquidate a borrower’s balance within 60 months. These programs are available to
borrowers who indicate a long-term hardship. Payment requirements are decreased
by reducing interest rates charged to either 9.9% or 0%, depending on the
borrower’s situation, and are designed to fully amortize the balance. Under
these programs, fees are discontinued and charging privileges are permanently
rescinded.

Universal Payment
Program (UPP). 

The UPP is a
short-term cards modification program offered to Citi-branded and retail partner
cards borrowers and provides short-term interest rate reductions to assist
borrowers experiencing temporary hardships. Under this program, a participant’s
APR is reduced by at least 500 basis points for a period of up to 12 months. The
minimum payment is established based upon the borrower’s specific circumstances
and is designed to amortize at least 1% of the principal balance each month. The
participant’s APR returns to its original rate at the end of the program or
earlier upon failure to make the required payments.

Modification
Programs—Summary

The following
table sets forth, as of December 31, 2011, information relating to Citi’s
significant U.S. loan modification programs.

Average

Average

Program

interest
 rate

Average
 %

tenor
 of

Deferred

Principal

 In millions of
dollars

balance

reduction

payment relief

modified loans

principal

forgiveness

 U.S. Consumer mortgage lending

        HAMP

    $

4,282

4

%

41

%

30
 years

       $

558

 $

7

        CSM

2,061

3

21

26 years

94

1

        FHA/VA

4,117

2

18

28
 years

—

—

        CFNA Adjustment of Terms
 (AOT)

3,796

3

23

29 years

—

—

        Responsible Lending

1,694

2

18

28
 years

—

—

        CFNA Temporary Mortgage
 AOT

1,570

2

N/A

N/A

—

—

 North America cards

        Long-term modification
 programs

5,035

15

—

5
 years

—

—

        UPP

515

20

N/A

N/A

—

—

87

Consumer Mortgage—Representations and
Warranties

The majority of
Citi’s exposure to representation and warranty claims relates to its U.S.
Consumer mortgage business within CitiMortgage.

CitiMortgage Servicing
Portfolio

As of December 31,
2011, Citi services loans previously sold to the U.S. government sponsored
entities (GSEs) and private investors as follows:

 In millions

December 31, 2011

 (1)

Unpaid

 Vintage sold(2):

Number of loans

principal balance

 2005 and prior

1.4

 $

141,122

 2006

0.3

43,040

 2007

0.2

40,080

 2008

0.3

39,279

 2009

0.2

45,811

 2010

0.2

40,474

 2011

0.2

46,501

        Total

2.8

$

396,307

 (1)

Excludes the fourth quarter 2010
 sale of servicing rights on 0.1 million loans with remaining unpaid
 principal balances of approximately $24,843 million as of December 31,
 2011. Citi continues to be exposed to representation and warranty claims
 on these loans.

 (2)

Includes 0.7 million loans with
 remaining unpaid principal balance of approximately $80,690 million as of
 December 31, 2011 that are serviced by CitiMortgage pursuant to prior
 acquisitions of mortgage servicing rights. These loans are covered by
 indemnification agreements from third parties in favor of CitiMortgage;
 however, substantially all of these agreements will expire prior to March
 1, 2012. The expiration of these indemnification agreements is considered
 in determining the repurchase reserve.

     As
previously disclosed, during the period 2005 through 2008, Citi sold
approximately $25 billion of loans through private-label residential mortgage
securitizations. As of December 31, 2011, approximately $11 billion of the $25
billion remained outstanding as a result of repayments of approximately $13
billion and cumulative losses (incurred by the issuing trusts) of approximately
$1 billion. The remaining $11 billion outstanding is included in the $396
billion of serviced loans above. As of December 31, 2011, the amount that
remained outstanding had a 90 days or more delinquency rate in the aggregate of
approximately 12.9%. For information on litigation related to these and other
Citi securitization activities, see “
Securities and Banking

-Sponsored Private-Label Residential Mortgage
Securitizations—Representations and Warranties” below and Note 29 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Representations and
Warranties

When selling a
loan, Citi makes various representations and warranties relating to, among other
things, the following:

 Citi’s ownership of the loan;

the validity of the lien securing the
 loan;

the absence of delinquent taxes or
 liens against the property securing the loan;

the effectiveness of title insurance
 on the property securing the loan;

the process used in selecting the
 loans for inclusion in a transaction;

the loan’s compliance with any
 applicable loan criteria established by the 
buyer; and

the loan’s compliance with applicable
 local, state and federal laws. 

     The specific representations and
warranties made by Citi depend on the nature of the transaction and the
requirements of the buyer. Market conditions and credit-rating agency
requirements may also affect representations and warranties and the other
provisions to which Citi may agree in loan sales.

Repurchases or “Make-Whole”
Payments

In the event of a
breach of these representations and warranties, Citi may be required to either
repurchase the mortgage loans with the identified defects (generally at unpaid
principal balance plus accrued interest) or indemnify (“make-whole”) the
investors for their losses. Citi’s representations and warranties are generally
not subject to stated limits in amount or time of coverage.

Similar to 2010, during 2011, issues related to
(i) misrepresentation of facts by either the borrower or a third party (e.g.,
income, employment, debts, FICO, etc.), (ii) appraisal issues (e.g., an error or
misrepresentation of value), and (iii) program requirements (e.g., a loan that
does not meet investor guidelines, such as contractual interest rate) have been
the primary drivers of Citi’s repurchases and make-whole payments. However, the
type of defect that results in a repurchase or make-whole payment has continued
and will continue to vary over time. More importantly, there has not been a
meaningful difference in Citi’s incurred or estimated loss for any particular
type of defect.

In the case of a repurchase,
Citi will bear any subsequent credit loss on the mortgage loan and the loan is
typically considered a credit-impaired loan and accounted for under SOP 03-3,
“Accounting for Certain Loans and Debt Securities, Acquired in a Transfer” (now
incorporated into ASC 310-30, 
Receivables—Loans and Debt Securities Acquired with Deteriorated Credit
Quality

). These repurchases have
not had a material impact on Citi’s non-performing loan statistics because
credit-impaired purchased SOP 03-3 loans are not included in non-accrual loans,
since they generally continue to accrue interest until
write-off.

88

     The
unpaid principal balance of loans repurchased due to representation and warranty
claims for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, was as
follows:

December 31, 2011

December 31, 2010

Unpaid principal

Unpaid
 principal

 In millions of
dollars

balance

balance

 GSEs

 $

505

 $

280

 Private investors

8

26

 Total

$

513

$

306

     As evidenced in the tables above, Citi’s
repurchases have primarily been from the GSEs. In addition to the amounts set
forth in the tables above, Citi recorded make-whole payments of $530 million and
$310 million for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010,
respectively.

Repurchase
Reserve

Citi has recorded a
reserve for its exposure to losses from the obligation to repurchase or
make-whole payments in respect of previously sold loans (referred to as the
repurchase reserve) that is included in 
Other liabilities

 in the
Consolidated Balance Sheet. In estimating the repurchase reserve, Citi considers
reimbursements estimated to be received from third-party correspondent lenders
and indemnification agreements relating to previous acquisitions of mortgage
servicing rights. The estimated reimbursements are based on Citi’s analysis of
its most recent collection trends and the financial solvency of the
correspondents.

In the case of a repurchase of
a credit-impaired SOP 03-3 loan, the difference between the loan’s fair value
and unpaid principal balance at the time of the repurchase is recorded as a
utilization of the repurchase reserve. Make-whole payments to the investor are
also treated as utilizations and charged directly against the reserve. The
repurchase reserve is estimated when Citi sells loans (recorded as an adjustment
to the gain on sale, which is included in 
Other revenue

 in the
Consolidated Statement of Income) and is updated quarterly. Any change in
estimate is recorded in 
Other
revenue

.

The repurchase reserve is calculated by individual
sales vintage (i.e., the year the loans were sold). During 2011, the majority of
Citi’s repurchases continued to be from the 2006 through 2008 sales vintages,
which also represented the vintages with the largest loss severity. An
insignificant percentage of repurchases have been from vintages prior to 2006,
and Citi continues to believe that this percentage will continue to decrease, as
those vintages are later in the credit cycle. Although still early in the credit
cycle, Citi continued to experience lower repurchases and loss per repurchase or
make-whole from post-2008 sales vintages.

     The
repurchase reserve is based on various assumptions. These assumptions contain a
level of uncertainty and risk that, if different from actual results, could have
a material impact on the reserve amounts (see “Sensitivity of Repurchase
Reserve” below). The most significant assumptions used to calculate the reserve
levels are as follows:

 Loan documentation requests:

Assumptions regarding future
 expected 
loan documentation
 requests exist as a means to predict future repurchase 
claim trends. These assumptions are based on
 recent historical trends in 
loan
 documentation requests, recent trends in historical delinquencies,

forecasted delinquencies and general
 industry knowledge about the 
current repurchase environment. During 2011, the actual number of
 loan 
documentation requests
 declined as compared to 2010. However, because 
such requests remain elevated from historical
 levels, and because of the 
continued increased focus on mortgage-related matters, the
 assumption 
for estimated future
 loan documentation requests increased during 2011. 
Citi currently believes the level of actual loan
 documentation requests will 
remain
 elevated from historical levels and will continue to be
 volatile. 

Repurchase claims as a percentage
 of loan documentation requests: 

Given that loan documentation requests are a potential indicator

of future repurchase claims, an assumption
 is made regarding the 
conversion
 rate from loan documentation requests to repurchase claims, 
which assumption is based on historical
 performance. During 2011, the 
conversion rate, or the number of repurchase claims as a percentage
 of 
loan documentation requests,
 increased as compared to 2010, and thus 
the assumption regarding future repurchase claims also increased.
 Citi 
currently believes the claims
 as a percentage of loan documentation 
requests will remain at elevated levels. 

Claims appeal success rate:

This assumption represents
 Citi’s 
expected success at
 rescinding a claim by satisfying the demand for 
more information, disputing the claim validity,
 or similar matters. This 
assumption
 is based on recent historical successful appeals rates, which 
can fluctuate based on changes in the validity
 or composition of claims. 
During
 2011, Citi’s appeal success rate remained stable as compared 
to 2010, meaning approximately half of the
 repurchase claims were 
successfully
 appealed and resulted in no loss to Citi. 

Estimated loss per repurchase or
 make-whole: 

The assumption
 of 
the estimated loss per
 repurchase or make-whole payment is based on 
actual and estimated losses of recent historical
 repurchases/make-whole 
payments
 calculated for each sales vintage year in order to capture 
volatile housing price highs and lows. The
 estimated loss per repurchase 
or
 make-whole payment assumption is also impacted by estimates of loan

size at the time of repurchase or
 make-whole payment. During 2011, the 
severity of losses increased slightly as compared to 2010, but was
 more 
than offset by the reduction
 in loan size, resulting in a decline in the 
actual loss per repurchase or make-whole
 payment. Citi would expect to 
continue to see reductions in loan size, including for the 2006 to
 2008 
sales vintages, as the loans
 continue to amortize through the loan cycle. 

89

     In sum, the increase in estimated future loan documentation requests and
repurchase claims as a percentage of loan documentation requests were the
primary drivers of the $948 million increase in estimate for the repurchase
reserve during 2011. These factors were also the primary drivers of the $305
million increase in estimate during the fourth quarter of 2011.

The table below sets forth the
activity in the repurchase reserve for the years ended December 31, 2011 and
2010:

 In millions of
dollars

Dec. 31, 2011

Dec. 31, 2010

 Balance, beginning of period

$

969

$

482

 Additions for
 new sales

20

16

 Change in estimate

948

917

 Utilizations

(749

)

(446

)

 Balance, end of
 period

$

1,188

$

969

     The activity in the repurchase reserve for the three months ended
December 31, 2011 was as follows:

 In millions of
dollars

Dec. 31, 2011

 Balance, beginning of period

$

1,076

 Additions for
 new sales

7

 Change in estimate

305

 Utilizations

(200

)

 Balance, end of
 period

$

1,188

Sensitivity of Repurchase
Reserve

As discussed above,
the repurchase reserve estimation process is subject to numerous estimates and
judgments. The assumptions used to calculate the repurchase reserve contain a
level of uncertainty and risk that, if different from actual results, could have
a material impact on the reserve amounts. For example, Citi estimates that if
there were a simultaneous 10% adverse change in each of the significant
assumptions noted above, the repurchase reserve would increase by approximately
$620 million as of December 31, 2011. This potential change is hypothetical and
intended to indicate the sensitivity of the repurchase reserve to changes in the
key assumptions. Actual changes in the key assumptions may not occur at the same
time or to the same degree (i.e., an adverse change in one assumption may be
offset by an improvement in another). Citi does not believe it has sufficient
information to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss (as defined under
ASC 450) relating to its Consumer representations and warranties.

Representation and Warranty
Claims—By Claimant

For the
GSEs, Citi’s response (i.e., agree or disagree to repurchase or make-whole) to
any repurchase claim is required within 90 days of receipt of the claim. If Citi
does not respond within 90 days, the claim is subject to discussions between
Citi and the particular GSE. For private investors, the time period for
responding to any repurchase claim is governed by the individual sale agreement;
however, if the specified timeframe is exceeded, the investor may choose to
initiate legal action. As of December 31, 2011, no such legal action has been
initiated by private investors.

The representation and warranty claims by claimant, as well as the number
of unresolved claims by claimant, for the years ended December 31, 2011 and
2010, respectively, were as follows:

Claims
 during

Unresolved claims as of:

2011

2010

December 31, 2011

December 31, 2010

Original

Original

Original

Original

Number

principal

Number

principal

Number

principal

Number

principal

 In millions of
dollars

of claims

balance

of claims

balance

of claims

balance

of claims

balance

 GSEs

13,584

$

2,930

11,520

$

2,433

5,344

$

1,148

5,257

$

1,123

 Private
 investors

1,649

331

1,221

313

651

122

581

128

 Mortgage insurers
 (1)

729

164

274

60

62

15

78

17

 Total 

(2)

15,962

$

3,425

13,015

$

2,806

6,057

$

1,285

5,916

$

1,268

 (1)

Represents the insurer’s
 rejection of a claim for loss reimbursement that has yet to be resolved.
 To the extent that mortgage insurance will not cover the claim on a loan,
 Citi may have to make the GSE or private investor whole. As of December
 31, 2011, approximately $31 billion of the total servicing portfolio of
 $396 billion has insurance through mortgage insurance companies. Failure
 to collect from mortgage insurers is considered in determining the
 repurchase reserve. Citi does not believe inability to collect
 reimbursement from mortgage insurers would have a material impact on its
 repurchase reserve.

 (2)

Includes 1,738 and 2,914 claims,
 and $291 million and $612 million of original principal balance for claims
 during the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, and 633
 and 1,333, and $123 million and $267 million of original principal balance
 for unresolved claims as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, that
 are serviced by CitiMortgage pursuant to prior acquisitions of mortgage
 servicing rights. These loans are covered by indemnification agreements
 from third parties in favor of CitiMortgage; however, substantially all of
 these agreements will expire prior to March 1, 2012. The expiration of
 these indemnification agreements is considered in determining the
 repurchase reserve.

90

Securities and
Banking-Sponsored Legacy Private-Label Residential Mortgage
Securitizations—Representations and Warranties

Overview
Citi is also exposed to representation and
warranty claims through residential mortgage securitizations that had been sponsored by Citi’s 
S&B business.
However, 
S&B-sponsored legacy securitizations have represented a much smaller portion of Citi’s business than
Citi’s Consumer residential mortgage business discussed above.

As
previously disclosed, during the period 2005 through 2008, S&B had sponsored approximately $66.5 billion in
legacy private-label mortgage-backed securitization transactions that were backed by loan collateral composed of
approximately $15.5 billion prime, $12.4 billion Alt-A and $38.6 billion subprime residential mortgage loans. As of December
31, 2011, approximately $23.4 billion of this amount remains outstanding as a result of repayments of approximately $34.5
billion and cumulative losses (incurred by the issuing trusts) of approximately $8.7 billion (of which approximately $6.6
billion related to subprime loans). Of the amount remaining outstanding, approximately $6.1 billion is backed by prime
residential mortgage collateral at origination, approximately $4.9 billion by Alt-A and approximately $12.3 billion by
subprime. As of December 31, 2011, the $23.4 billion remaining outstanding had a 90 days or more delinquency rate of
approximately 27.2%.

The
mortgages included in these securitizations were purchased from parties outside of Citi; fewer than 2% of the mortgages
underlying the transactions outstanding as of December 31, 2011 were originated by Citi. In addition, fewer than 10% of the
mortgages are serviced by Citi. (The mortgages serviced by Citi are included in the $396 billion of residential mortgage loans referenced under “Consumer Mortgage—Representations and Warranties” above.)

Representation and Warranties

In connection with these securitization transactions, representations and warranties (representations) relating to the mortgages
included in each trust issuing the securities were made either by Citi, by third-party sellers (Selling Entities, which were also
often the originators of the loans), or both. These representations were generally made or assigned to the issuing trust and related
to, among other things, the following: 

 the absence of fraud on the part of
 the borrower, the seller or any 
appraiser, broker or other party involved in the origination of
 the 
mortgage (which was sometimes
 wholly or partially limited to the 
knowledge of the representation provider); 

whether the mortgage property was
 occupied by the borrower as his or her 
principal residence; 

the mortgage’s compliance with
 applicable federal, state and local laws; 

whether the mortgage was originated in
 conformity with the originator’s 
underwriting guidelines; and 

detailed data concerning the mortgages
 that were included on the 
mortgage
 loan schedule. 

     The specific representations
relating to the mortgages in each securitization varied, however, depending on
various factors such as the Selling Entity, rating agency requirements and
whether the mortgages were considered prime, Alt-A or subprime in credit
quality.

In the event of a breach of its representations, Citi may be required
either to repurchase the mortgage with the identified defects (generally at
unpaid principal balance plus accrued interest) or indemnify the investors for
their losses through make-whole payments. For securitizations in which Citi made
representations, Citi generally also received from the Selling Entities similar
representations, with the exception of certain limited representations required
by, among others, the rating agencies. In cases where Citi made representations
and also received the same representations from the Selling Entity for a
particular loan, if Citi receives a claim based on breach of those
representations in respect of the loan, it may have a contractual right to
pursue a similar (back-to-back) claim against the Selling Entity (see discussion
below). If only the Selling Entity made representations with respect to a
particular loan, then only the Selling Entity should be responsible for a claim
based on breach of the representations.

For the majority of the securitizations where Citi made representations
and received similar representations from Selling Entities, Citi currently
believes that with respect to the securitizations backed by prime and Alt-A
collateral, if it received a repurchase claim for those loans, it would have
back-to-back claims against the Selling Entities that the Selling Entities would
likely be in a position to honor. However, for the significant majority of the
subprime collateral where Citi has back-to-back claims against Selling Entities,
Citi believes that those Selling Entities would be unlikely to honor
back-to-back claims because they are in bankruptcy, liquidation, or financial
distress. In those situations, in the event that claims for breaches of
representations were made against Citi, the Selling Entities’ financial
condition might preclude Citi from obtaining back-to-back recoveries from
them.

To date, Citi has received actual claims for breaches of representations
relating to only a small percentage of the mortgages included in these
securitization transactions, although the pace of claims remains volatile and
has recently increased. Citi has also experienced an increase in the level of
inquiries, assertions and requests for loan files, among other matters, relating
to the above securitization transactions from trustees of securitization trusts
and others. Trustee activities have been prompted in part by lawsuits and other
actions by investors. Given the continued increased focus on mortgage-related
matters, as well as the increasing level of litigation and regulatory activity
relating to mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities, the level of
inquiries and assertions regarding these securitizations may further increase.
These inquiries and assertions could lead to actual claims for breaches of
representations, or to litigation relating to such breaches or other matters.
For information on litigation, claims and regulatory proceedings regarding these
and other S&B mortgage-related activities, see Note 29 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

91

CORPORATE LOAN
DETAILS

For corporate clients
and investment banking activities across Citigroup, the credit process is
grounded in a series of fundamental policies, in addition to those described
under “Managing Global Risk—Risk Management—Overview,” above. These
include:

 joint business and independent risk
 management responsibility for 
managing credit risks; 

a single center of control for each
 credit relationship that coordinates 
credit activities with that client;

portfolio limits to ensure
 diversification and maintain risk/capital 
alignment;

a minimum of two authorized credit
 officer signatures required on 
extensions of credit, one of which must be from a credit officer in
 credit 
risk management; 

risk rating standards, applicable to
 every obligor and facility; and 

consistent standards for credit
 origination documentation and remedial 
management. 

Corporate Credit
Portfolio

The following table
represents the Corporate credit portfolio (excluding private banking), before
consideration of collateral, by maturity at December 31, 2011. The Corporate
portfolio is broken out by direct outstandings, which include drawn loans,
overdrafts, interbank placements, bankers’ acceptances and leases, and unfunded
commitments, which include unused commitments to lend, letters of credit and
financial guarantees.

At December 31, 2011

At December 31, 2010

Greater

Greater

Due

than 1 year

Greater

Due

than 1
 year

Greater

within

but
 within

than

Total

within

but
 within

than

Total

 In billions of
dollars

1 year

5 years

5 years

exposure

1 year

5 years

5 years

exposure

 Direct outstandings

$

177

$

62

$

13

$

252

$

191

$

43

$

8

$

242

 Unfunded lending commitments

144

151

21

316

174

94

19

287

 Total

$

321

$

213

$

34

$

568

$

365

$

137

$

27

$

529

Portfolio Mix

Citi’s Corporate credit portfolio is diverse
across geography and counterparty. The following table shows the percentage of
direct outstandings and unfunded commitments by region:

December
 31,

December
 31,

2011

2010

 North America

47

%

47

%

 EMEA

27

28

 Latin America

8

7

 Asia

18

18

 Total

100

%

100

%

     The maintenance of accurate and consistent risk ratings across the
Corporate credit portfolio facilitates the comparison of credit exposure across
all lines of business, geographic regions and products.

Obligor risk ratings reflect an estimated
probability of default for an obligor and are derived primarily through the use
of validated statistical models, scorecard models and external agency ratings
(under defined circumstances), in combination with consideration of factors
specific to the obligor or market, such as management experience, competitive
position, and regulatory environment. Facility risk ratings are assigned that
reflect 

the probability of default of
the obligor and factors that affect the loss-given default of the facility, such
as support or collateral. Internal obligor ratings that generally correspond to
BBB and above are considered investment grade, while those below are considered
non-investment grade.

Citigroup also has incorporated climate risk assessment criteria for
certain obligors, as necessary. Factors evaluated include consideration of
climate risk to an obligor’s business and physical assets.

The following table presents the Corporate credit
portfolio by facility risk rating at December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, as
a percentage of the total portfolio:

Direct outstandings and

unfunded commitments

December
 31,

December
 31,

2011

2010

 AAA/AA/A

55

%

56

%

 BBB

29

26

 BB/B

13

13

 CCC or
 below

2

5

 Unrated

1

—

 Total

100

%

100

%

92

     Citi’s Corporate credit portfolio is also diversified by industry, with a
concentration in the financial sector, broadly defined, including banks, other
financial institutions, insurance companies, investment banks and government and
central banks. The following table shows the allocation of direct outstandings
and unfunded commitments to industries as a percentage of the total Corporate
portfolio:

Direct outstandings and

unfunded commitments

December
 31,

December
 31,

2011

2010

 Public sector

19

%

19

%

 Petroleum,
 energy, chemical and metal

17

15

 Transportation and industrial

16

16

 Banks/broker-dealers

13

14

 Consumer retail and health

13

12

 Technology,
 media and telecom

8

8

 Insurance and special purpose vehicles

5

5

 Hedge
 funds

4

3

 Real estate

3

4

 Other industries
 (1)

2

4

 Total

100

%

100

%

 (1)

Includes all other industries,
 none of which exceeds 2% of total
outstandings.

Credit Risk
Mitigation

As part of its
overall risk management activities, Citigroup uses credit derivatives and other
risk mitigants to hedge portions of the credit risk in its Corporate credit
portfolio, in addition to outright asset sales. The purpose of these
transactions is to transfer credit risk to third parties. The results of the
mark to market and any realized gains or losses on credit derivatives are
reflected in the 
Principal
transactions

 line on the
Consolidated Statement of Income.

     At December 31, 2011 and December
31, 2010, $41.5 billion and $49.0 billion, respectively, of credit risk
exposures were economically hedged. Citigroup’s expected loss model used in the
calculation of its loan loss reserve does not include the favorable impact of
credit derivatives and other mitigants that are marked to market. In addition,
the reported amounts of direct outstandings and unfunded commitments above do
not reflect the impact of these hedging transactions. At December 31, 2011 and
December 31, 2010, the credit protection was economically hedging underlying
credit exposure with the following risk rating distribution,
respectively:

Rating of Hedged
Exposure

December
 31,

December
 31,

2011

2010

 AAA/AA/A

41

%

53

%

 BBB

45

32

 BB/B

13

11

 CCC or below

1

4

 Total

100

%

100

%

     At December 31, 2011 and December
31, 2010, the credit protection was economically hedging underlying credit
exposures with the following industry distribution:

Industry of Hedged
Exposure

December
 31,

December
 31,

2011

2010

 Petroleum, energy, chemical and metal

22

%

24

%

 Transportation
 and industrial

22

19

 Consumer retail and health

15

19

 Public
 sector

12

13

 Technology, media and telecom

12

10

 Banks/broker-dealers

10

7

 Insurance and special purpose vehicles

5

4

 Other industries
 (1)

2

4

 Total

100

%

100

%

 (1)

Includes all other industries,
 none of which is greater than 2% of the total hedged
 amount.

93

EXPOSURE TO COMMERCIAL REAL
ESTATE

ICG

 and the 
SAP

, through their
business activities and as capital markets participants, incur exposures that
are directly or indirectly tied to the commercial real estate (CRE) market, and
each of 
LCL

 and 
GCB

 hold loans that are
collateralized by CRE. These exposures are represented primarily by the
following three categories:

(1) 
Assets held at fair value

included approximately $5.5 billion at December 31, 2011, of which approximately
$4.0 billion are securities, loans and other items linked to CRE that are
carried at fair value as 
Trading
account assets

, approximately
$1.1 billion are securities backed by CRE carried at fair value as
available-for-sale (AFS) investments, and approximately $0.4 billion are other
exposures classified as Other assets. Changes in fair value for these trading
account assets are reported in current earnings, while for AFS investments
change in fair value are reported in 
Accumulated other comprehensive income

 with credit-related other-than-temporary
impairments reported in current earnings.

The majority of these exposures are classified as Level 3 in the fair
value hierarchy. Over the last several years, weakened activity in the trading
markets for some of these instruments resulted in reduced liquidity, thereby
decreasing the observable inputs for such valuations, and could continue to have
an adverse impact on how these instruments are valued in the future. See Note 25
to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

(2) 
Assets held at
amortized cost

 include
approximately $1.2 billion of securities classified as held-to-maturity (HTM)
and approximately $26.2 billion of loans and commitments each as of December 31,
2011. HTM securities are accounted for at amortized cost, subject to an
other-than-temporary impairment evaluation. Loans and commitments are recorded
at amortized cost. The impact of changes in credit is reflected in the
calculation of the allowance for loan losses and in net credit losses.

(3) 
Equity and other investments

 include approximately $3.6 billion of equity and other investments (such
as limited partner fund investments) at December 31, 2011 that are accounted for
under the equity method, which recognizes gains or losses based on the
investor’s share of the net income (loss) of the investee.

     The following table provides a summary of Citigroup’s global CRE funded
and unfunded exposures at December 31, 2011 and 2010:

December 31,

December 31,

 In billions of
dollars

2011

2010

 Institutional Clients Group

        CRE exposures carried at
 fair value

               (including
 AFS securities)

$

4.6

$

4.4

        Loans and unfunded
 commitments

19.9

17.5

        HTM securities

1.2

1.5

        Equity method
 investments

3.4

3.5

        Total

ICG

$

29.1

$

26.9

 Special Asset Pool

        CRE exposures carried at
 fair value

               (including
 AFS securities)

$

0.4

$

0.8

        Loans and unfunded
 commitments

2.4

5.1

        HTM securities

—

0.1

        Equity method
 investments

0.2

0.2

        Total

SAP

$

3.0

$

6.2

 Global Consumer Banking

        Loans and unfunded
 commitments

$

2.9

$

2.7

 Local Consumer Lending

        Loans and unfunded
 commitments

$

1.0

$

4.0

 Brokerage and Asset Management

        CRE exposures carried at
 fair value

$

0.5

$

0.5

 Total Citigroup

$

36.5

$

40.3

     The above table represents the vast
majority of Citi’s direct exposure to CRE. There may be other transactions that
have indirect exposures to CRE that are not reflected in this
table.

94

MARKET RISK

Market risk losses arise from fluctuations in the
market value of trading and non-trading positions, including the changes in
value resulting from fluctuations in rates. Market risk encompasses liquidity
risk and price risk, both of which arise in the normal course of business of a
global financial intermediary. For a discussion of funding and liquidity risk,
see “Capital Resources and Liquidity—Funding and Liquidity” above. Price risk is
the earnings risk from changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity
and commodity prices, and in their implied volatilities. Price risk arises in
non-trading portfolios, as well as in trading
portfolios.

Market risks are measured in accordance with established standards to
ensure consistency across businesses and the ability to aggregate risk. Each
business is required to establish, with approval from Citi’s market risk
management, a market risk limit framework for identified risk factors that
clearly defines approved risk profiles and is within the parameters of Citi’s
overall risk tolerance. These limits are monitored by independent market risk,
country and business Asset and Liability Committees and the Global Finance and
Asset and Liability Committee. In all cases, the businesses are ultimately
responsible for the market risks taken and for remaining within their defined
limits.

Price Risk—Non-Trading
Portfolios

Net interest revenue and
interest rate risk

One of
Citi’s primary business functions is providing financial products that meet the
needs of its customers. Loans and deposits are tailored to the customers’
requirements with regard to tenor, index (if applicable) and rate type. Net
interest revenue (NIR), for interest rate exposure (IRE) purposes, is the
difference between the yield earned on the non-trading portfolio assets
(including customer loans) and the rate paid on the liabilities (including
customer deposits or company borrowings). NIR is affected by changes in the
level of interest rates. For example:

 At any given time, there may be an
 unequal amount of assets and 
liabilities that are subject to market rates due to maturation or
 repricing. Whenever the amount
 of liabilities subject to repricing exceeds the 
amount of assets subject to repricing, a company
 is considered “liability 
sensitive.” In this case, a company’s NIR will deteriorate in a
 rising 
rate environment. 

The assets and liabilities of a
 company may reprice at different speeds or 
mature at different times, subjecting both “liability-sensitive” and
 “asset-
sensitive” companies to NIR
 sensitivity from changing interest rates. For 
example, a company may have a large amount of
 loans that are subject 
to repricing
 in the current period, but the majority of deposits are not 
scheduled for repricing until the following
 period. That company would 
suffer
 from NIR deterioration if interest rates were to fall. 

     NIR in any particular period is the
result of customer transactions and the related contractual rates originated in
prior periods as well as new transactions in the current period; those
prior-period transactions will be impacted by changes in rates on floating-rate
assets and liabilities in the current period.

     Due to the long-term nature of
portfolios, NIR will vary from quarter to quarter even assuming no change in the
shape or level of the yield curve as assets and liabilities reprice. These
repricings are a function of implied forward interest rates, which represent the
overall market’s estimate of future interest rates and incorporate possible
changes in the Federal Funds rate as well as the shape of the yield
curve.

Interest Rate Risk
Measurement

Citi’s principal
measure of risk to NIR is interest rate exposure (IRE). IRE measures the change
in expected NIR in each currency resulting solely from unanticipated changes in
forward interest rates. Factors such as changes in volumes, credit spreads,
margins and the impact of prior-period pricing decisions are not captured by
IRE. IRE also assumes that businesses make no additional changes in pricing or
balances in response to the unanticipated rate changes.

For example, if the current 90-day LIBOR rate is
3% and the one-year-forward rate (i.e., the estimated 90-day LIBOR rate in one
year) is 5%, the +100 bps IRE scenario measures the impact on the company’s NIR
of a 100 bps instantaneous change in the 90-day LIBOR to 6% in one
year.

The impact of changing prepayment rates on loan portfolios is
incorporated into the results. For example, in the declining interest rate
scenarios, it is assumed that mortgage portfolios prepay faster and income is
reduced. In addition, in a rising interest rate scenario, portions of the
deposit portfolio are assumed to experience rate increases that may be less than
the change in market interest rates.

Mitigation and Hedging of
Risk

In order to manage
changes in interest rates effectively, Citi may modify pricing on new customer
loans and deposits, enter into transactions with other institutions or enter
into off-balance-sheet derivative transactions that have the opposite risk
exposures. Citi regularly assesses the viability of these and other strategies
to reduce its interest rate risks and implements such strategies when it
believes those actions are prudent.

Citigroup employs additional measurements, including: stress testing the
impact of non-linear interest rate movements on the value of the balance sheet;
the analysis of portfolio duration and volatility, particularly as they relate
to mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities; and the potential impact of
the change in the spread between different market indices.

95

Non-Trading
Portfolios—IRE

The exposures
in the following table represent the approximate annualized risk to NIR assuming
an unanticipated parallel instantaneous 100 bps change, as well as a more
gradual 100 bps (25 bps per quarter) parallel change in interest rates compared
with the market forward interest rates in selected currencies.

December 31, 2011

December 31, 2010

 In millions of
dollars

Increase

Decrease

Increase

Decrease

 U.S. dollar 

(1)

 Instantaneous
 change

$

97

NM

$

(105

)

NM

 Gradual change

110

NM

25

NM

 Mexican
 peso

 Instantaneous change

$

87

$

(87

)

$

181

$

(181

)

 Gradual change

54

(54

)

107

(107

)

 Euro

 Instantaneous
 change

$

69

NM

$

(10

)

NM

 Gradual change

35

NM

(8

)

NM

 Japanese
 yen

 Instantaneous change

$

105

NM

$

93

NM

 Gradual change

61

NM

52

NM

 Pound sterling

 Instantaneous
 change

$

35

NM

$

33

NM

 Gradual change

24

NM

21

NM

 (1)

Certain
 trading-oriented businesses within Citi have accrual-accounted positions
 that are excluded from the table. The U.S. dollar IRE associated with
 these businesses was $61 million for a 100 basis point instantaneous
 increase in interest rates as of December 31, 2011.

 NM

Not
 meaningful. A 100 basis point decrease in interest rates would imply
 negative rates for the yield curve.

     The changes in the U.S. dollar IRE year over year reflected revised
modeling of mortgages and the impact of lower rates, asset sales, swapping
activities and repositioning of the liquidity portfolio.
     The following table shows the risk
to NIR from six different changes in the implied-forward rates. Each scenario
assumes that the rate change will occur on a gradual basis every three months
over the course of one year.

Scenario 1

Scenario 2

Scenario 3

Scenario 4

Scenario 5

Scenario 6

 Overnight rate change (bps)

—

100

200

(200

)

(100

)

—

 10-year rate change (bps)

(100

)

—

100

(100

)

—

100

 Impact to net interest revenue

(in millions of
 dollars)

$

(380

)

$

163

$

247

NM

NM

$

(37

)

96

Price Risk—Trading
Portfolios

Price risk in
Citi’s trading portfolios is monitored using a series of measures, including but
not limited to:

 Value at risk (VAR) 

Stress testing 

Factor sensitivities 

     Each trading portfolio across Citi’s business segments (Citicorp, Citi
Holdings and Corporate/Other) has its own market risk limit framework
encompassing these measures and other controls, including permitted product
lists and a new product approval process for complex products.

     All trading positions are
marked to market, with the result reflected in earnings. In 2011, negative
trading-related revenue (net losses) was recorded for 54 of 260 trading days. Of
the 54 days on which negative revenue (net losses) was recorded, 1 day was
greater than $180 million.

     The following
histogram of total daily trading revenue (loss) captures trading volatility and
shows the number of days in which Citi’s VAR trading-related revenues fell
within particular ranges. A substantial portion of the volatility relating to
Citi’s total daily trading revenue VAR is driven by changes in CVA on Citi’s
derivative assets, net of CVA hedges.

 (1)

Total trading revenue consists
 of: (i) customer revenue, which includes spreads from customer flow and
 positions taken to facilitate customer orders; (ii) hedging activity,
 including hedging of the Corporate loan portfolio, MSRs, etc.; (iii)
 proprietary trading activities in cash and derivative transactions; (iv)
 net interest revenue; and (v) CVA adjustments incurred due to changes in
 the credit quality of counterparties as well as any associated hedges to
 that CVA.

 (2)

Principally related to trading
 revenue in 
ICG 

on the day of the U.S. government rating downgrade by
 S&P (August 2011).

 (3)

Principally related to trading
 revenue in ICG and CVA hedges on the day of the tsunami in Japan (March
 2011).

97

Value at
Risk

Value at risk (VAR)
estimates, at a 99% confidence level, the potential decline in the value of a
position or a portfolio under normal market conditions. VAR statistics can be
materially different across firms due to differences in portfolio composition,
differences in VAR methodologies, and differences in model parameters. Citi
believes VAR statistics can be used more effectively as indicators of trends in
risk taking within a firm, rather than as a basis for inferring differences in
risk taking across firms.

Citi uses Monte Carlo simulation, which it
believes is conservatively calibrated to incorporate the greater of short-term
(most recent month) and long-term (three years) market volatility. The Monte
Carlo simulation involves approximately 300,000 market factors, making use of
180,000 time series, with market factors updated daily and model parameters
updated weekly.

The conservative features of the VAR calibration contribute
approximately 20% add-on to what would be a VAR estimated under the assumption
of stable and perfectly normally distributed markets. Under normal and stable
market conditions, Citi would thus expect the number of days where trading
losses exceed its VAR to be less than two or three exceptions per year. Periods
of unstable market conditions could increase the number of these exceptions.
During the last four quarters, there was one back-testing exception where
trading losses exceeded the VAR estimate at the Citigroup level (back-testing is
the process in which the daily VAR of a portfolio is compared to the actual
daily change in the market value of transactions). This occurred on August 8,
2011, after the U.S. government rating was downgraded by S&P.

The table below summarizes VAR for Citi-wide
trading portfolios at and during 2011 and 2010, including quarterly averages.
Historically, Citi included only the hedges associated with the CVA of its
derivative transactions in its VAR calculations and disclosures (these hedges
were, and continue to be, included within the relevant risk type (e.g., interest
rate, foreign exchange, equity, etc.)). However, Citi now includes both the
hedges associated with the CVA of its derivatives and the CVA on the derivative
counterparty exposure (included in the line “Incremental Impact of Derivative
CVA”). The inclusion of the CVA on derivative counterparty exposure reduces
Citi’s total trading VAR; Citi believes this calculation and presentation
reflect a more complete and accurate view of its mark-to-market risk profile as
it incorporates both the CVA underlying derivative transactions and related
hedges.

For comparison purposes, Citi has included in the table below (i) total
VAR, the specific risk-only component of VAR and the isolated general market
factor VAR, each as reported previously (i.e., including only hedges associated
with the CVA of its derivatives counterparty exposures), (ii) the incremental
impact of adding in the derivative counterparty CVA, and (iii) the total trading
and CVA VAR.

     As set forth in the table below,
Citi’s total trading and CVA VAR was $183 million at December 31, 2011 and $186
million at December 31, 2010. Daily total trading and CVA VAR averaged $189
million in 2011 and ranged from $135 million to $255 million (prior period
information is not available for comparability purposes). The change in total
trading and CVA VAR year over year was driven by a reduction in Citi’s trading
exposures across 

S&B

, particularly in
the latter part of the year, offset by an increase in market volatility and an
increase in CVA exposures and associated hedges.

Dec. 31,

2011

Dec.
 31,

2010

 In millions of
dollars

2011

Average

2010

Average

 Interest rate

$

250

$

246

$

235

$

234

 Foreign
 exchange

51

61

52

61

 Equity

36

46

56

59

 Commodity

16

22

19

23

 Covariance adjustment
 (1)

(118

)

(162

)

(171

)

(172

)

 Total Trading VAR—

        all market risk
 factors,

        including
 general

        and specific
 risk

        (excluding derivative
 CVA)

$

235

$

213

$

191

$

205

 Specific risk-only

        Component
 (2)

$

14

$

22

$

8

$

18

 Total—general

        market factors
 only

$

221

$

191

$

183

$

187

 Incremental Impact of

        Derivative CVA

$

(52

)

$

(24

)

$

(5

)

N/A

 Total Trading and

        CVA
 VAR

$

183

$

189

$

186

N/A

 (1)

Covariance adjustment (also known
 as diversification benefit) equals the difference between the total VAR
 and the sum of the VARs tied to each individual risk type. The benefit
 reflects the fact that the risks within each and across risk types are not
 perfectly correlated and, consequently, the total VAR on a given day will
 be lower than the sum of the VARs relating to each individual risk type.
 The determination of the primary drivers of changes to the covariance
 adjustment is made by an examination of the impact of both model parameter
 and position changes.

 (2)

The specific risk-only component
 represents the level of equity and fixed income issuer-specific risk
 embedded in VAR.

 N/A

Not available

98

     The
table below provides the range of market factor VARs, inclusive of specific
risk, that was experienced during 2011 and 2010.

2011

2010

 In millions of
dollars

Low

High

Low

High

 Interest rate

$

187

$

322

$

171

$

315

 Foreign
 exchange

34

105

31

98

 Equity

26

86

31

111

 Commodity

14

36

15

39

     The following table provides the VAR for

S&B

 during 2011 excluding the CVA relating to
derivative counterparties CVA and hedges of CVA.

 In millions of
dollars

Dec. 31, 2011

 Total—all market risk

        factors,
 including

        general and specific
 risk

$

144

 Average—during
 year

$

153

 High—during year

205

 Low—during year

104

Stress
Testing

Stress testing is
performed on trading portfolios on a regular basis to estimate the impact of
extreme market movements. It is performed on both individual trading portfolios
and on aggregations of portfolios and businesses. Independent market risk management, in conjunction
with the businesses, develops both systemic and specific stress scenarios,
reviews the output of periodic stress-testing exercises, and uses the
information to make judgments as to the ongoing appropriateness of exposure
levels and limits.

Factor
Sensitivities

Factor
sensitivities are expressed as the change in the value of a position for a
defined change in a market risk factor, such as a change in the value of a
Treasury bill for a one-basis-point change in interest rates. Citi’s independent
market risk management ensures that factor sensitivities are calculated,
monitored, and in most cases, limited, for all relevant risks taken in a trading
portfolio.

99

 INTEREST REVENUE/EXPENSE
 AND YIELDS

 Average Rates–Interest Revenue, Interest Expense and Net
 Interest Margin

Change

Change

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

2009

2011 vs. 2010

2010 vs. 2009

 Interest
 revenue

 $

73,201

$

79,801

$

77,069

(8

)%

4

%

 Interest expense

24,229

25,096

27,881

(3

)

(10

)

 Net interest revenue
 (1)(2)(3)

$

48,972

$

54,705

$

49,188

(10

)%

11

%

 Interest revenue—average
 rate

4.27

%

4.55

%

4.78

%

(28

) bps

(23

) bps

 Interest
 expense—average rate

1.63

1.61

1.93

2

 bps

(32

) bps

 Net interest margin

2.86

3.12

3.05

(26

) bps

7

 bps

 Interest-rate benchmarks

 Federal Funds rate—end of
 period

0.00–0.25

%

0.00–0.25

%

0.00–0.25

%

—

—

 Federal Funds rate—average
 rate

0.00–0.25

0.00–0.25

0.00–0.25

—

—

 Two-year U.S. Treasury
 note—average rate

0.45

%

0.70

%

0.96

%

(25

) bps

(26

) bps

 10-year U.S. Treasury note—average
 rate

2.78

3.21

3.26

(43

)
 bps

(5

) bps

 10-year vs. two-year spread

233

 bps

251

 bps

230

 bps

 (1)     

Net interest
 revenue 

includes the taxable
 equivalent adjustments (based on the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of
 35%) of $525 million, $519 million, and $692 million for 2011, 2010, and
 2009, respectively.

 (2)

Excludes expenses
 associated with certain hybrid financial instruments. These obligations are classified as 
Long-term debt 

and accounted for at fair value with changes recorded in
 Principal transactions
.

 (3)

The increase in
 the net interest revenue from the fourth quarter of 2009 to the first
 quarter of 2010 was primarily driven by the adoption of SFAS 166/167 on
 January 1, 2010. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
 further information.

As described under “Market Risk” above, a
significant portion of Citi’s business activities are based upon gathering
deposits and borrowing money and then lending or investing those funds, or
participating in market-making activities in tradable securities. Citi’s net
interest margin (NIM) is calculated by dividing gross interest revenue less
gross interest expense by average interest earning assets.

     During 2011,
Citi’s NIM declined as compared to the prior year, decreasing by approximately
26 basis points, primarily driven by the continued run-off and sales of
higher-yielding assets in Citi Holdings and lower investment yields driven by
the continued low interest rate environment, partially offset by the growth of
lower-yielding loans in Citicorp and lower borrowing costs (e.g., substituting
maturing long-term debt with deposits as a funding source). Absent any
significant changes or events (e.g., a significant portfolio sale in Citi
Holdings), Citi expects NIM will likely continue to reflect the pressure of a
low interest rate environment, but should generally stabilize around
end-of-year-2011 levels.

100

[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]

101

AVERAGE BALANCES AND INTEREST
RATES—ASSETS 

(1)(2)(3)(4)

Taxable Equivalent
Basis

Average
 volume

Interest
 revenue

% Average
 rate

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

2009

2011

2010

2009

2011

2010

2009

 Assets

 Deposits with banks (5)

$

169,688

$

166,120

$

186,841

$

1,750

$

1,252

$

1,478

1.03

%

0.75

%

0.79

%

 Federal funds sold and securities borrowed
 or

        purchased under agreements to resell
 (6)

 In U.S. offices

$

158,154

$

162,799

$

138,579

$

1,487

$

1,774

$

1,975

0.94

%

1.09

%

1.43

%

 In offices outside the U.S.
 (5)

116,681

86,926

63,909

2,144

1,382

1,109

1.84

1.59

1.74

 Total

$

274,835

$

249,725

$

202,488

$

3,631

$

3,156

$

3,084

1.32

%

1.26

%

1.52

%

 Trading account assets (7)
 (8)

 In U.S. offices

$

122,234

$

128,443

$

140,233

$

4,270

$

4,352

$

6,975

3.49

%

3.39

%

4.97

%

 In offices outside the U.S.
 (5)

147,417

151,717

126,309

4,033

3,819

3,879

2.74

2.52

3.07

 Total

$

269,651

$

280,160

$

266,542

$

8,303

$

8,171

$

10,854

3.08

%

2.92

%

4.07

%

 Investments

 In U.S. offices

        Taxable

$

170,196

$

169,218

$

124,404

$

3,313

$

4,806

$

6,208

1.95

%

2.84

%

4.99

%

        Exempt from U.S. income
 tax

13,592

14,876

16,489

922

918

1,110

6.78

6.17

6.73

 In offices outside the U.S.
 (5)

122,298

136,713

118,988

4,478

5,678

6,047

3.66

4.15

5.08

 Total

$

306,086

$

320,807

$

259,881

$

8,713

$

11,402

$

13,365

2.85

%

3.55

%

5.14

%

 Loans (net of unearned income)
 (9)

 In U.S. offices

$

369,656

$

430,685

$

378,937

$

29,111

$

34,773

$

24,748

7.88

%

8.07

%

6.53

%

 In offices outside the U.S.
 (5)

274,035

255,168

267,683

21,180

20,312

22,766

7.73

7.96

8.50

 Total

$

643,691

$

685,853

$

646,620

$

50,291

$

55,085

$

47,514

7.81

%

8.03

%

7.35

%

 Other interest-earning
 assets

$

49,467

$

50,936

$

49,707

$

513

$

735

$

774

1.04

%

1.44

%

1.56

%

 Total interest-earning
 assets

$

1,713,418

$

1,753,601

$

1,612,079

$

73,201

$

79,801

$

77,069

4.27

%

4.55

%

4.78

%

 Non-interest-earning assets (7)

238,550

225,271

264,165

 Total assets from discontinued operations

668

18,989

15,137

 Total assets

$

1,952,636

$

1,997,861

$

1,891,381

 (1)     

Net interest
 revenue 

includes the taxable
 equivalent adjustments (based on the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of
 35%) of $525 million, $519 million, and $692 million for 2011, 2010, and
 2009, respectively.

 (2)

Interest rates
 and amounts include the effects of risk management activities associated
 with the respective asset and liability categories.

 (3)

Monthly or
 quarterly averages have been used by certain subsidiaries where daily
 averages are unavailable.

 (4)

Detailed average
 volume, 
Interest revenue

and 
Interest expense 

exclude 
Discontinued
 operations

. See Note 3 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements.

 (5)

Average rates
 reflect prevailing local interest rates, including inflationary effects
 and monetary corrections in certain countries.

 (6)

Average volumes
 of securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell are
 reported net pursuant to FIN 41 (ASC 210-20-45). However, 
Interest revenue 

excludes the impact of FIN 41 (ASC 210-20-45).

 (7)

The fair value
 carrying amounts of derivative contracts are reported in 
Non-interest-earning assets 

and 
Other
 non-interest-bearing liabilities

.

 (8)

Interest expense
 on 
Trading account liabilities

of ICG is reported as a reduction
 of 
Interest revenue

. Interest revenue and interest expense on cash
 collateral positions are reported in interest on 
Trading account assets 

and 
Trading
 account liabilities

,
 respectively.

 (9)

Includes
 cash-basis loans.

102

AVERAGE BALANCES AND INTEREST
RATES—LIABILITIES AND EQUITY,AND NET INTEREST REVENUE

 (1)(2)(3)(4) 

Taxable Equivalent
Basis

Average
 volume

Interest
 expense

% Average
 rate

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

2009

2011

2010

2009

2011

2010

2009

 Liabilities

 Deposits

 In U.S.
 offices

        Savings deposits
 (5)

$

193,762

$

189,311

$

174,260

$

1,922

$

1,872

$

2,765

0.99

%

0.99

%

1.59

%

        Other time
 deposits

29,034

46,238

59,673

249

412

1,104

0.86

0.89

1.85

 In offices outside the U.S. (6)

485,101

483,796

443,601

6,385

6,087

6,277

1.32

1.26

1.42

 Total

$

707,897

$

719,345

$

677,534

$

8,556

$

8,371

$

10,146

1.21

%

1.16

%

1.50

%

 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned

        or sold under
 agreements to repurchase (7)

 In U.S.
 offices

$

120,039

$

123,425

$

133,375

$

776

$

797

$

988

0.65

%

0.65

%

0.74

%

 In offices outside the U.S. (6)

99,848

88,892

72,258

2,421

2,011

2,445

2.42

2.26

3.38

 Total

$

219,887

$

212,317

$

205,633

$

3,197

$

2,808

$

3,433

1.45

%

1.32

%

1.67

%

 Trading account liabilities (8)(9)

 In U.S.
 offices

$

37,279

$

36,115

$

22,854

$

266

$

283

$

222

0.71

%

0.78

%

0.97

%

 In offices outside the U.S. (6)

49,162

43,501

37,244

142

96

67

0.29

0.22

0.18

 Total

$

86,441

$

79,616

$

60,098

$

408

$

379

$

289

0.47

%

0.48

%

0.48

%

 Short-term borrowings

 In U.S.
 offices

$

87,472

$

119,262

$

123,168

$

139

$

674

$

1,050

0.16

%

0.57

%

0.85

%

 In offices outside the U.S. (6)

39,052

35,533

33,379

511

243

375

1.31

0.68

1.12

 Total

$

126,524

$

154,795

$

156,547

$

650

$

917

$

1,425

0.51

%

0.59

%

0.91

%

 Long-term debt (10)

 In U.S.
 offices

$

325,709

$

370,819

$

316,223

$

10,697

$

11,757

$

11,507

3.28

%

3.17

%

3.64

%

 In offices outside the U.S. (6)

17,970

22,176

29,132

721

864

1,081

4.01

3.90

3.71

 Total

$

343,679

$

392,995

$

345,355

$

11,418

$

12,621

$

12,588

3.32

%

3.21

%

3.64

%

 Total interest-bearing liabilities

$

1,484,428

$

1,559,068

$

1,445,167

$

24,229

$

25,096

$

27,881

1.63

%

1.61

%

1.93

%

 Demand deposits
 in U.S. offices

$

16,410

$

16,117

$

27,032

 Other non-interest-bearing
 liabilities (8)

275,408

245,481

263,296

 Total liabilities from discontinued
 operations

10

18,410

9,502

 Total liabilities

$

1,776,256

$

1,839,076

$

1,744,997

 Citigroup stockholders’ equity (11)

$

174,351

$

156,478

$

144,510

 Noncontrolling interest

2,029

2,307

1,874

 Total equity
 (11)

$

176,380

$

158,785

$

146,384

 Total liabilities and stockholders’
 equity

$

1,952,636

$

1,997,861

$

1,891,381

 Net interest revenue as a percentage of
 average

        interest-earning
 assets (12)

 In U.S. offices

$

971,792

$

1,044,486

$

962,084

$

25,723

$

30,928

$

24,230

2.65

%

2.96

%

2.52

%

 In offices outside the U.S.
 (6)

741,626

709,115

649,995

23,249

23,777

24,958

3.13

3.35

3.84

 Total

$

1,713,418

$

1,753,601

$

1,612,079

$

48,972

$

54,705

$

49,188

2.86

%

3.12

%

3.05

%

 (1)

Net interest
 revenue 

includes the taxable
 equivalent adjustments (based on the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of
 35%) of $525 million, $519 million, and $692 million for 2011, 2010, and
 2009, respectively.

 (2)

Interest rates
 and amounts include the effects of risk management activities associated
 with the respective asset and liability categories.

 (3)

Monthly or
 quarterly averages have been used by certain subsidiaries where daily
 averages are unavailable.

 (4)

Detailed average
 volume, interest revenue and interest expense exclude discontinued
 operations. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

 (5)

Savings deposits
 consist of Insured Money Market accounts, NOW accounts, and other savings
 deposits. The interest expense includes FDIC deposit insurance fees and
 charges.

 (6)

Average rates
 reflect prevailing local interest rates, including inflationary effects
 and monetary corrections in certain countries.

 (7)

Average volumes
 of securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase are reported
 net pursuant to FIN 41 (ASC 210-20-45). However, Interest expense excludes
 the impact of FIN 41 (ASC 210-20-45).

 (8)

The fair value
 carrying amounts of derivative contracts are reported in 
Non-interest-earning assets 

and 
Other
 non-interest-bearing liabilities.

 (9)

Interest expense
 on 
Trading account liabilities

of 
ICG 

is reported as a
 reduction of 
Interest
 revenue

. Interest revenue and
 interest expense on cash collateral positions are reported in interest on

Trading account assets

and 
Trading account liabilities

, respectively.

 (10)     

Excludes hybrid
 financial instruments and beneficial interests in consolidated VIEs that
 are classified as 
Long-term
 debt

, as these obligations are
 accounted for at fair value with changes recorded in 
Principal transactions

.

 (11)

Includes
 stockholders’ equity from discontinued operations.

 (12)

Includes
 allocations for capital and funding costs based on the location of the
 asset.

103

ANALYSIS OF CHANGES IN INTEREST
REVENUE

(1)(2)(3)

2011 vs.
2010

2010 vs. 2009

Increase (decrease)

Increase
 (decrease)

due to change
 in:

due to change in:

Average

Average

Net

Average

Average

Net

 In millions of dollars

volume

rate

change

volume

rate

change

 Deposits with banks
 (4)

$

27

$

471

$

498

$

(158

)

$

(68

)

$

(226

)

 Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or

        purchased under
 agreements to resell

 In U.S.
 offices

$

(49

)

$

(238

)

$

(287

)

$

311

$

(512

)

$

(201

)

 In offices outside the U.S. (4)

524

238

762

372

(99

)

273

 Total

$

475

$

—

$

475

$

683

$

(611

)

$

72

 Trading account assets (5)

 In U.S.
 offices

$

(214

)

$

132

$

(82

)

$

(547

)

$

(2,076

)

$

(2,623

)

 In offices outside the U.S. (4)

(111

)

325

214

706

(766

)

(60

)

 Total

$

(325

)

$

457

$

132

$

159

$

(2,842

)

$

(2,683

)

 Investments (1)

 In U.S.
 offices

$

(9

)

$

(1,480

)

$

(1,489

)

$

1,854

$

(3,448

)

$

(1,594

)

 In offices outside the U.S. (4)

(565

)

(635

)

(1,200

)

827

(1,196

)

(369

)

 Total

$

(574

)

$

(2,115

)

$

(2,689

)

$

2,681

$

(4,644

)

$

(1,963

)

 Loans (net of unearned income) (6)

 In U.S.
 offices

$

(4,824

)

$

(838

)

$

(5,662

)

$

3,672

$

6,353

$

10,025

 In offices outside the U.S. (4)

1,471

(603

)

868

(1,036

)

(1,418

)

(2,454

)

 Total

$

(3,353

)

$

(1,441

)

$

(4,794

)

$

2,636

$

4,935

$

7,571

 Other interest-earning assets

$

(21

)

$

(201

)

$

(222

)

$

19

$

(58

)

$

(39

)

 Total interest
 revenue

$

(3,771

)

$

(2,829

)

$

(6,600

)

$

6,020

$

(3,288

)

$

2,732

 (1)     

The taxable
 equivalent adjustment is based on the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of
 35% and is included in this presentation.

 (2)

Rate/volume
 variance is allocated based on the percentage relationship of changes in
 volume and changes in rate to the total net change.

 (3)

Detailed average
 volume, interest revenue and interest expense exclude discontinued
 operations. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

 (4)

Changes in
 average rates reflect changes in prevailing local interest rates,
 including inflationary effects and monetary corrections in certain
 countries.

 (5)

Interest expense
 on 
Trading account liabilities

of 
ICG 

is reported as a
 reduction of interest revenue. Interest revenue and
 interest expense on cash collateral positions are reported in interest on

Trading account assets

and 
Trading account liabilities

, respectively.

 (6)

Includes
 cash-basis loans.

104

ANALYSIS OF CHANGES IN INTEREST
EXPENSE AND NET INTEREST REVENUE

(1)(2)(3)

2011 vs. 2010

2010 vs. 2009

Increase (decrease)

Increase
 (decrease)

due to change in:

due to change in:

Average

Average

Net

Average

Average

Net

 In millions of dollars

volume

rate

change

volume

rate

change

 Deposits

 In U.S. offices

$

(124

)

$

11

$

(113

)

$

27

$

(1,612

)

$

(1,585

)

 In offices outside the U.S. (4)

16

282

298

540

(730

)

(190

)

 Total

$

(108

)

$

293

$

185

$

567

$

(2,342

)

$

(1,775

)

 Federal funds purchased and securities
 loaned

        or
 sold under agreements to repurchase

 In U.S. offices

$

(22

)

$

1

$

(21

)

$

(70

)

$

(121

)

$

(191

)

 In offices outside the U.S. (4)

259

151

410

486

(920

)

(434

)

 Total

$

237

$

152

$

389

$

416

$

(1,041

)

$

(625

)

 Trading account liabilities
 (5)

 In U.S. offices

$

9

$

(26

)

$

(17

)

$

110

$

(49

)

$

61

 In offices outside the U.S. (4)

14

32

46

12

17

29

 Total

$

23

$

6

$

29

$

122

$

(32

)

$

90

 Short-term borrowings

 In U.S. offices

$

(145

)

$

(390

)

$

(535

)

$

(32

)

$

(344

)

$

(376

)

 In offices outside the U.S. (4)

26

242

268

23

(155

)

(132

)

 Total

$

(119

)

$

(148

)

$

(267

)

$

(9

)

$

(499

)

$

(508

)

 Long-term debt

 In U.S. offices

$

(1,470

)

$

410

$

(1,060

)

$

1,840

$

(1,590

)

$

250

 In offices outside the U.S. (4)

(168

)

25

(143

)

(269

)

52

(217

)

 Total

$

(1,638

)

$

435

$

(1,203

)

$

1,571

$

(1,538

)

$

33

 Total interest
 expense

$

(1,605

)

$

738

$

(867

)

$

2,667

$

(5,452

)

$

(2,785

)

 Net interest revenue

$

(2,166

)

$

(3,567

)

$

(5,733

)

$

3,353

$

2,164

$

5,517

 (1)     

The taxable
 equivalent adjustment is based on the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of
 35% and is included in this presentation.

 (2)

Rate/volume
 variance is allocated based on the percentage relationship of changes in
 volume and changes in rate to the total net change.

 (3)

Detailed average
 volume, interest revenue and interest expense exclude discontinued
 operations. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

 (4)

Changes in
 average rates reflect changes in prevailing local interest rates,
 including inflationary effects and monetary corrections in certain
 countries.

 (5)

Interest expense
 on 
Trading account liabilities

of 
ICG 

is reported as a
 reduction of 
Interest
 revenue

. Interest revenue and
 interest expense on cash collateral positions are reported in interest on

Trading account assets

and 
Trading account liabilities

, respectively.

105

OPERATIONAL
RISK

Operational risk is the risk of loss
resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, systems or human
factors, or from external events. It includes the reputation and franchise risk
associated with business practices or market conduct in which Citi is involved.
Operational risk is inherent in Citigroup’s global business activities and, as
with other risk types, is managed through an overall framework designed to
balance strong corporate oversight with well-defined independent risk
management. This framework includes:

 recognized ownership of the risk by the
 businesses;

oversight by Citi’s independent risk management;
 and

independent review by Citi’s Audit and Risk Review
 (ARR). 

     The goal is to
keep operational risk at appropriate levels relative to the characteristics of
Citigroup’s businesses, the markets in which it operates, its capital and
liquidity, and the competitive, economic and regulatory environment.
Notwithstanding these controls, Citigroup incurs operational losses.

Framework

To monitor, mitigate and control operational risk, Citigroup
maintains a system of comprehensive policies and has established a consistent
framework for assessing and communicating operational risk and the overall
effectiveness of the internal control environment across Citigroup. An
Operational Risk Council provides oversight for operational risk across
Citigroup. The Council’s membership includes senior members of the Chief Risk
Officer’s organization covering multiple dimensions of risk management, with
representatives of the Business and Regional Chief Risk Officers’ organizations
and the business management group (see “Managing Global Risk—Risk
Management—Overview” above). The Council’s focus is on identification and
mitigation of operational risk and related incidents. The Council works with the
business segments and the control functions with the objective of ensuring a
transparent, consistent and comprehensive framework for managing operational
risk globally.

Each major business segment must implement an operational risk
process consistent with the requirements of this framework. The process for
operational risk management includes the following steps:

 identify and assess key operational risks;

establish key risk indicators;

produce a comprehensive operational risk report;
 and

prioritize and assure adequate resources to
 actively improve the 
operational risk
 environment and mitigate emerging risks. 

The operational risk standards facilitate the effective communication and
mitigation of operational risk both within and across businesses. As new
products and business activities are developed, processes are designed, modified
or sourced through alternative means and operational risks are considered.
Enterprise risk management, a newly formed organization within Citi’s
independent risk management, proactively assists the businesses, operations and
technology and the other independent control groups in enhancing the
effectiveness of controls and managing operational risks across products,
business lines and regions.

Information about the businesses’ operational risk, historical losses and
the control environment is reported by each major business segment and
functional area, and is summarized and reported to senior management as well as
the Risk Management and Finance Committee of Citi’s Board of Directors and the
full Board of Directors.

Measurement and Basel
II

To support advanced capital modeling
and management, the businesses are required to capture relevant operational risk
capital information. A risk capital model for operational risk has been
developed and implemented across the major business segments as a step toward
readiness for Basel II capital calculations. The risk capital calculation is
designed to qualify as an “Advanced Measurement Approach” under Basel II. It
uses a combination of internal and external loss data to support statistical
modeling of capital requirement estimates, which are then adjusted to reflect
qualitative data regarding the operational risk and control
environment.

Information Security and
Continuity of Business

Information
security and the protection of confidential and sensitive customer data are a
priority for Citigroup. Citi has implemented an Information Security Program in
accordance with the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and regulatory guidance. The
Information Security Program is reviewed and enhanced periodically to address
emerging threats to customers’ information.

The
Corporate Office of Business Continuity, with the support of senior management,
continues to coordinate global preparedness and mitigate business continuity
risks by reviewing and testing recovery procedures.

106

COUNTRY AND CROSS-BORDER
RISK

Country Risk

Country risk is the risk that an event in a country
(precipitated by developments within or external to a country) will impair the
value of Citi’s franchise or will adversely affect the ability of obligors
within that country to honor their obligations to Citi. Country risk events may
include sovereign defaults, banking defaults or crises, currency crises and/or
political events. See also “Risk Factors—Market and Economic Risks”
above.

The
information below is based on Citi’s internal risk management measures. The
country designation in Citi’s risk management systems is based on the country to
which the client relationship, taken as a whole, is most directly exposed to
economic, financial, sociopolitical or legal risks. This includes exposure to
subsidiaries within the client relationship that are domiciled outside of the
country.

Citi assesses the risk of loss associated with certain of the country
exposures on a regular basis. These analyses take into consideration alternative
scenarios that may unfold, as well as specific characteristics of Citi’s
portfolio, such as transaction structure and collateral. Citi currently believes
that the risk of loss associated with the exposures set forth below is likely
materially lower than the exposure amounts disclosed below and is sized
appropriately relative to its franchise in these countries. For additional
information relating to Citi’s risk management practices, see “Managing Global
Risk” above.

The sovereign entities of all the countries disclosed below,
as well as the financial institutions and corporations domiciled in these
countries, are important clients in the global Citi franchise. Citi fully
expects to maintain its presence in these markets to service all of its global
customers. As such, Citi’s exposure in these countries may vary over time, based
upon its franchise, client needs and transaction structures.

GIIPS and
France

Several European countries,
including Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal, Spain and France, have been the
subject of credit deterioration due to weaknesses in their economic and fiscal
situations. Given investor interest in this area, the table below sets forth
Citi’s exposures to these countries as of December 31, 2011.

 In billions of U.S.
 dollars

GIIPS

 (1)

Greece

Ireland

Italy

Portugal

Spain

France

 Funded loans, before reserves

$

9.4

$

1.1

$

0.3

$

1.9

$

0.4

$

5.7

$

4.7

 Derivative counterparty
 mark-to-market, inclusive of CVA (2)

10.8

0.6

0.6

7.3

0.3

2.0

7.0

 Gross funded credit exposure

$

20.2

$

1.7

$

0.9

$

9.2

$

0.7

$

7.7

$

11.7

        Less: margin and collateral
 (3)

(4.2

)

(0.2

)

(0.4

)

(1.2

)

(0.1

)

(2.3

)

(5.3

)

        Less: purchased credit
 protection (4)

(9.6

)

(0.1

)

(0.1

)

(6.7

)

(0.2

)

(2.5

)

(5.1

)

 Net current funded credit
 exposure

$

6.4

$

1.4

$

0.4

$

1.3

$

0.4

$

2.9

$

1.3

 Net trading exposure

$

1.1

$

0.1

$

0.2

$

0.2

$

—

$

0.6

$

0.3

 AFS exposure

0.2

—

—

0.2

—

—

0.3

 Net trading and AFS
 exposure

$

1.3

$

0.1

$

0.2

$

0.4

$

—

$

0.6

$

0.6

 Net current funded
 exposure

$

7.7

$

1.5

$

0.6

$

1.7

$

0.4

$

3.5

$

1.9

 Additional collateral received,
 not reducing amounts above

$

(4.3

)

$

(1.2

)

$

(0.2

)

$

(0.4

)

$

—

$

(2.5

)

$

(4.6

)

 Net current funded credit exposure detail:

        Sovereigns

$

0.7

$

0.1

$

—

$

0.4

$

0.2

$

—

$

—

        Financial
 institutions

1.6

—

—

0.1

—

1.5

1.9

 Corporations

4.1

1.3

0.4

0.8

0.2

1.4

(0.6

)

 Net current funded credit
 exposure

$

6.4

$

1.4

$

0.4

$

1.3

$

0.4

$

2.9

$

1.3

 Unfunded commitments:

        Sovereigns

$

0.3

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

0.3

$

0.8

        Financial
 institutions

0.3

—

—

0.1

—

0.2

3.4

 Corporations

6.7

0.4

$

0.5

3.1

0.3

2.4

11.9

 Total unfunded
 commitments

$

7.3

$

0.4

$

0.5

$

3.2

$

0.3

$

2.9

$

16.1

 Note: Information based on Citi’s internal risk management
 measures.

 (1)     

Greece, Ireland,
 Italy, Portugal and Spain.

 (2)

Includes the net
 credit exposure arising from secured financing transactions, such as
 repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase agreements. See “Secured
 Financing Transactions” below.

 (3)

Margin posted
 under legally enforceable margin agreements and collateral pledged under
 bankruptcy-remote structures. Does not include collateral received on
 secured financing transactions.

 (4)

Credit protection
 purchased from financial institutions predominately outside
 of GIIPS and France. See “Credit Default Swaps”
below.

107

GIIPS

Gross funded credit exposure to the sovereign entities of
Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal and Spain (GIIPS), as well as financial
institutions and multinational and local corporations designated in these
countries under Citi’s risk management systems, was $20.2 billion at December
31, 2011. The $20.2 billion of gross credit exposure was made up of $9.4 billion
in funded loans, before reserves, and $10.8 billion in derivative counterparty
mark-to-market exposure, inclusive of credit valuation adjustments. The
derivative counterparty mark-to-market exposure includes the net credit exposure
arising from secured financing transactions, such as repurchase and reverse
repurchase agreements. See “Secured Financing Transactions”
below.

As of December
31, 2011, Citi’s net current funded exposure to the GIIPS sovereigns, financial
institutions and corporations was $7.7 billion. Included in the $7.7 billion net
current funded exposure was $1.3 billion of net trading and available-for-sale
securities exposure, and $6.4 billion of net current funded credit exposure.
Each component is described below in more detail.

Net Trading and AFS Exposure - $1.3
billion

Included in the net current funded
exposure at December 31, 2011 was a net position of $1.3 billion in securities
and derivatives with the GIIPS sovereigns, financial institutions and
corporations as the issuer or reference entity, which are held in Citi’s trading
and AFS portfolios. These portfolios are marked to market daily and, as
previously disclosed, Citi’s trading exposure levels vary as it maintains
inventory consistent with customer needs.

Net Current Funded Credit Exposure - $6.4 billion

As
of December 31, 2011, the net current funded credit exposure to the GIIPS sovereigns, financial institutions and
corporations was $6.4 billion. Exposures were $0.7 billion to sovereigns, $1.6 billion to financial institutions and $4.1
billion to corporations.

Consistent
with Citi’s internal risk management measures and as set forth in the table above, net current funded credit exposure
has been reduced by $4.3 billion of margin posted under legally enforceable margin agreements and collateral pledged under
bankruptcy-remote structures. At December 31, 2011, the majority of this margin and collateral was in the form of cash,
with the remainder in predominantly non-GIIPS, non-French securities, which are included at fair value.

Net
current funded credit exposure also reflects a reduction for $9.6 billion in purchased credit protection,
predominantly from financial institutions outside the GIIPS and France. Such protection generally pays out only upon the
occurrence of certain credit events with respect to the country or borrower covered by the protection, as determined by a
committee composed of dealers and other market participants. In addition to counterparty credit risks (see “Credit
Default Swaps” below), the credit protection may not fully cover all situations that may adversely affect the value
of Citi’s exposure and, accordingly, Citi could still experience losses despite the existence of the credit protection.

Unfunded Commitments—$7.3
billion

As of December 31, 2011, Citi also
had $7.3 billion of unfunded commitments to the GIIPS sovereigns, financial
institutions and corporations, with $6.7 billion of this amount to corporations.
These unfunded lines generally have standard conditions that must be met before
they can be drawn.

Other Activities

Like other banks, Citi also provides settlement and clearing
facilities for a variety of clients in these countries and actively monitors and
manages these intra-day exposures. In addition, at December 31, 2011, Citi had
approximately $7.4 billion of locally funded exposure in the GIIPS, generally to
retail customers and small businesses as part of its local lending activities.
The vast majority of this exposure is in Citi Holdings (Spain and
Greece).

France

Gross funded credit exposure to the French sovereign,
financial institutions and corporations was $11.7 billion at December 31, 2011.
The $11.7 billion of gross credit exposure was made up of $4.7 billion in funded
loans, before reserves, and $7.0 billion in derivative counterparty
mark-to-market exposure, inclusive of credit valuation adjustments. The
derivative counterparty mark-to-market exposure includes the net credit exposure
arising from secured financing transactions, such as repurchase and reverse
repurchase agreements. See “Secured Financing Transactions” below.

As of
December 31, 2011, Citi’s net current funded exposure to the French sovereign,
financial institutions and corporations was $1.9 billion. Included in the $1.9
billion net current funded exposure was $0.6 billion of net trading and
available-for-sale securities exposure, and $1.3 billion of net current funded
credit exposure. Each component is described below in more detail.

Net Trading and AFS Exposure - $0.6
billion

Included in the net current funded
exposure at December 31, 2011 was a net position of $0.6 billion in securities
and derivatives with the French sovereign, financial institutions and
corporations as the issuer or reference entity, which are held in Citi’s trading
and AFS portfolios. These portfolios are marked to market daily and, as
previously disclosed, Citi’s trading exposure levels vary as it maintains
inventory consistent with customer needs.

Net Current Funded Credit Exposure -
$1.3 billion

As of December 31, 2011, the
net current funded credit exposure to the French sovereign, financial
institutions and corporations was $1.3 billion. Exposures were $1.9 billion to
financial institutions and $(0.6) billion to corporations.

Consistent with Citi’s internal risk
management measures and as set forth in the table above, net current funded
credit exposure has been reduced by $5.3 billion of margin posted under legally
enforceable margin agreements and collateral pledged under bankruptcy-remote
structures. As of December 31, 2011, the majority of this margin and collateral
was in the form of cash, with the remainder in non-GIIPS, non-French securities,
which are included at fair value.

108

     Net current funded credit exposure also reflects
a reduction for $5.1 billion in purchased credit protection, predominantly from financial institutions outside GIIPS and France.
Such protection generally pays out only upon the occurrence of certain credit events with respect to the country or borrower covered
by the protection, as determined by a committee composed of dealers and other market participants. In addition to counterparty
credit risks (see “Credit Default Swaps” below), the credit protection may not fully cover all situations that may
adversely affect the value of Citi’s exposure and, accordingly, Citi could still experience losses despite the existence
of the credit protection.

Unfunded Commitments—$16.1
billion

As of December 31, 2011, Citi also
had $16.1 billion of unfunded commitments to the French sovereign, financial
institutions and corporations, with $11.9 billion of this amount to
corporations. These unfunded lines generally have standard conditions that must
be met before they can be drawn.

Other Activities

Similar to other banks, Citi also provides settlement and
clearing facilities for a variety of clients in France and actively monitors and
manages these intra-day exposures. Citi also has locally funded exposure in
France; however, as of December 31, 2011, the amount of this exposure was not
material.

Credit Default Swaps

Citi
buys and sells credit protection, through credit default swaps, on underlying GIIPS or French entities as part of
its market-making activities for clients in its trading portfolios. Citi also purchases credit protection, through
credit default swaps, to hedge its own credit exposure to these underlying entities that arises from loans to these
entities or derivative transactions with these entities.

Citi
buys and sells credit default swaps as part of its market-making activity, and purchases credit default swaps for
credit protection, with financial institutions that Citi believes are of high quality. The counterparty credit exposure that can
arise from the purchase or sale of credit default swaps is usually covered by legally enforceable netting and margining
agreements with a given counterparty, so that the credit exposure to that counterparty is measured and managed in aggregate
across all products covered by a given netting or margining agreement.

The
notional amount of credit protection purchased or sold on GIIPS or French underlying single reference entities as
of December 31, 2011 is set forth in the table below. The net notional contract amounts, less mark-to-market adjustments,
are included in “net current funded exposure” in the table under “GIIPS and France” above, and appear
in either “net trading exposure” when part of a trading strategy or in “purchased credit protection”
when purchased as a hedge against a credit exposure (see note 1 to the table below).

Credit default swaps purchased
 or sold on underlying single reference entities in these
 countries

 (1)

 In billions of U.S.
 dollars

GIIPS

Greece

Ireland

Italy

Portugal

Spain

France

 Notional CDS contracts on underlying
        reference entities

(1)

 Net purchased
 (2)

$

(16.9

)

$

(1.0

)

$

(1.0

)

$

(9.2

)

$

(1.9

)

$

(7.6

)

$

(10.4

)

 Net sold (2)

7.8

1.0

0.7

2.7

2.0

5.3

6.4

 Sovereign underlying reference entity

 Net purchased (2)

(11.7

)

(0.8

)

(0.6

)

(7.4

)

(1.2

)

(4.5

)

(4.6

)

 Net sold (2)

5.7

0.8

0.6

1.9

1.2

4.0

4.5

 Financial institution underlying
 reference entity

 Net purchased (2)

(2.9

)

—

(0.4

)

(1.3

)

(0.4

)

(1.3

)

(1.8

)

 Net sold (2)

2.4

—

0.1

1.4

0.4

1.0

1.6

 Corporate underlying reference
 entity

 Net purchased (2)

(5.2

)

(0.4

)

(0.2

)

(2.4

)

(0.7

)

(2.8

)

(6.7

)

 Net sold
 (2)

2.6

0.3

0.2

1.4

0.8

1.2

3.0

 (1)     

The net notional
 contract amounts, less mark-to-market adjustments, are included in Citi’s
 “net current funded exposure” in the table under “GIIPS and France” on page 107.
 These amounts are reflected in two places in such table: $9.6 billion and
 $5.1 billion for GIIPS and France, respectively, are included in
 “purchased credit protection” hedging “gross funded credit exposure.” The
 remaining activity is reflected in “net trading exposure” since these
 positions are part of a trading strategy.

 (2)

The summation of
 notional amounts for each GIIPS country does not equal the notional amount
 presented in the GIIPS total column in the table above as additional
 netting is achieved at the agreement level with a specific counterparty
 across various GIIPS countries.

109

     When Citi
purchases credit default swaps as a hedge against a credit exposure, Citi
generally seeks to purchase products with a maturity date similar to the
exposure against which the protection is purchased. While certain exposures may
have longer maturities that extend beyond the credit default swap tenors readily
available in the market, Citi generally will purchase credit protection with a
maximum tenor that is readily available in the market.

The above
table contains all net credit default swaps (CDSs) purchased or sold on GIIPS or
French underlying entities, whether part of a trading strategy or as purchased
credit protection. With respect to the $16.9 billion net purchased CDS contracts
on underlying GIIPS reference entities, approximately 89% has been purchased
from non-GIIPS counterparties. With respect to the $10.4 billion net purchased
CDS contracts on underlying French reference entities, approximately 72% has
been purchased from non-French counterparties. The net credit exposure to any
counterparties arising from these transactions, including any GIIPS or French
counterparties, is managed and mitigated through legally enforceable netting and
margining agreements. When Citi purchases credit default swaps as a hedge
against a credit exposure, it generally seeks to purchase products from
counterparties that would not be correlated with the underlying credit exposure
it is hedging.

Secured Financing
Transactions

     As part of its banking activities with
its clients, Citi enters into secured financing transactions, such as repurchase
agreements and reverse repurchase agreements. These transactions typically
involve the lending of cash, against which securities are taken as collateral.
The amount of cash loaned against the securities collateral is a function of the
liquidity and quality of the collateral as well as the credit quality of the
counterparty. The collateral is typically marked to market daily, and Citi has
the ability to call for additional collateral (usually in the form of cash), if
the value of the securities falls below a pre-defined threshold.

As of
December 31, 2011, Citi had loaned $19.2 billion in cash through secured
financing transactions with GIIPS or French counterparties, usually through
reverse repurchase agreements, as shown in the table below. Against those loans,
it held approximately $21.2 billion fair value of securities collateral as well
as $1.1 billion in variation margin, most of which was in cash.

Consistent
with Citi’s risk management systems, secured financing transactions are included
in the counterparty derivative mark-to-market exposure at their net credit
exposure value, which is typically small or zero given the over-collateralized
structure of these transactions.

 In billions of
dollars

Cash financing out

Securities collateral
 in

 (1)

 Lending to GIIPS and French
 counterparties through secured financing transactions

$19.2

$21.2

 (1)     

Citi has also received approximately $1.1 billion
 in variation margin, predominately cash, associated with secured financing
 transactions with these counterparties.

     Collateral taken
in against secured financing transactions is generally high quality, marketable
securities, consisting of government debt, corporate debt, or asset-backed
securities.

The table below sets forth the fair value of the securities collateral
taken in by Citi against secured financing transactions as of December 31,
2011.

Government

Municipal or corporate

Asset-backed

 In billions of
dollars

Total

bonds

bonds

bonds

 Securities pledged by GIIPS or
 French counterparties in secured

financing transaction lending (1)

$

21.2

$

10.3

$0.7

$

10.2

 Investment
 grade

$

20.3

$

10.2

$0.4

$

9.8

 Non-investment grade

0.2

0.2

0.1

—

 Not rated

0.7

—

0.2

0.4

 (1)     

Total includes approximately
 $2.8 billion in correlated risk collateral, predominately French sovereign
 debt pledged by French counterparties.

     Secured financing
transactions can be short term or can extend beyond one year. In most cases,
Citi has the right to call for additional margin daily, and can terminate the
transaction and liquidate the collateral if the counterparty fails to post the
additional margin.

The table below sets forth the remaining transaction tenor for these
transactions as of December 31, 2011.

Remaining transaction tenor

 In billions of
dollars

Total

<1 year

1-3 years

3-4 years

 (1)

 Cash extended to GIIPS or French
 counterparties in secured financing transactions lending
 (1)

$

19.2

$

11.6

$

6.1

$

1.5

 (1)     

The longest remaining tenor
 trades mature January 2015.

110

Cross-Border Risk

Cross-border risk is the risk that actions taken
by a non-U.S. government may prevent the conversion of local currency into
non-local currency and/or the transfer of funds outside the country, among other
risks, thereby impacting the ability of Citigroup and its customers to transact
business across borders. Examples of cross-border risk include actions taken by
foreign governments such as exchange controls and restrictions on the remittance
of funds. These actions might restrict the transfer of funds or the ability of
Citigroup to obtain payment from customers on their contractual obligations.
Management of cross-border risk at Citi is performed through a formal review
process that includes annual setting of cross-border limits and ongoing
monitoring of cross-border exposures as well as monitoring of economic
conditions globally through Citi’s Global Country Risk Management. See also
“Risk Factors—Market and Economic Risks”
above.

Under Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC)
regulatory guidelines, total reported cross-border outstandings include
cross-border claims on third parties, as well as investments in and funding of
local franchises. Cross-border claims on third parties (trade and short-,
medium- and long-term claims) include cross-border loans, securities, deposits
with 

banks, investments in
affiliates, and other monetary assets, as well as net revaluation gains on
foreign exchange and derivative products.

FFIEC cross-border risk measures exposure to the immediate obligors or
counterparties domiciled in the given country or, if applicable, by the location
of collateral or guarantors of the legally binding guarantees. Cross-border
outstandings are reported based on the country of the obligor or guarantor.
Outstandings backed by cash collateral are assigned to the country in which the
collateral is held. For securities received as collateral, cross-border
outstandings are reported in the domicile of the issuer of the securities.
Cross-border resale agreements are presented based on the domicile of the
counterparty.

Investments in and funding of
local franchises represent the excess of local country assets over local country
liabilities. Local country assets are claims on local residents recorded by
branches and majority-owned subsidiaries of Citigroup domiciled in the country,
adjusted for externally guaranteed claims and certain collateral. Local country
liabilities are obligations of non-U.S. branches and majority-owned subsidiaries
of Citigroup for which no cross-border guarantee has been issued by another
Citigroup office.

     The table below sets forth the countries
where Citigroup’s total cross-border outstandings, as defined by FFIEC
guidelines, exceeded 0.75% of total Citigroup assets as of December 31, 2011 and
December 31, 2010:

December 31,
 2011

December 31, 2010

Cross-border claims on
 third parties

Investments

in
 and

Total

Trading
 and

funding of

Total

cross-

short-term

local

cross-border

border

 In billions of U.S.
 dollars

Banks

Public

Private

Total

claims

 (1)

franchises

outstandings

 (2)

Commitments

 (3)

outstandings

 (2)

Commitments

 (3)

 United Kingdom

$20.2

  $

1.0

$21.9

$

43.1

$38.8

$

—

$43.1

$101.8

$34.7

$105.5

 Germany

15.8

18.6

4.2

38.6

37.6

0.6

39.2

64.7

33.6

59.5

 France

15.6

3.2

19.6

38.4

35.9

—

38.4

69.3

37.5

57.3

 India

4.1

0.9

6.7

11.7

11.0

18.8

30.5

5.3

28.6

4.6

 Cayman Islands

0.2

—

22.7

22.9

22.5

—

22.9

1.4

20.6

0.3

 Brazil

2.3

2.3

7.5

12.1

8.9

8.4

20.5

22.8

16.0

22.1

 Netherlands

6.2

1.3

10.2

17.7

14.1

0.5

18.2

24.4

14.2

25.6

 Mexico

—

3.0

4.7

7.7

4.7

10.2

17.9

12.3

16.2

12.0

 Korea

1.9

0.9

3.2

6.0

4.7

9.9

15.9

24.5

15.8

22.6

 Spain

4.4

1.0

4.4

9.8

7.4

4.2

14.0

27.7

11.5

20.3

 Italy

1.5

7.7

1.7

10.9

10.4

0.5

11.4

37.0

13.0

25.9

 (1)

Included in total cross-border
 claims on third parties.

 (2)

Cross-border outstandings, as
 described above and as required by FFIEC guidelines, generally do not
 recognize the benefit of margin received or hedge positions and recognize
 offsetting exposures only for certain products and relationships. As a
 result, market volatility in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and
 credit spreads, such as experienced in the third quarter of 2011, will
 cause the level of reported cross-border outstandings to increase, all
 else being equal.

 (3)

Commitments (not included in
 total cross-border outstandings) include legally binding cross-border
 letters of credit and other commitments and contingencies as defined by
 the FFIEC. The FFIEC definition of commitments includes commitments to
 local residents to be funded with local currency liabilities originated
 within the country.

111

Differences Between Country and
Cross-Border Risk

As described
in more detail in the sections above, there are significant differences between
the reporting of country risk and cross-border risk. A general summary of the
more significant differences is as follows:

 Country risk is the risk that an event
 within a country will impair the 
value of Citi’s franchise or adversely affect the ability of obligors
 within 
the country to honor their
 obligations to Citi. Country risk reporting in 
Citi’s internal risk management systems is based
 on the identification 
of the
 country where the client relationship, taken as a whole, is most 
directly exposed to the economic, financial,
 sociopolitical or legal risks.

Generally, country risk includes the benefit of margin received as well
 as 
offsetting exposures and hedge
 positions. As such, country risk, which is 
reported based on Citi’s internal risk management standards,
 measures 
net exposure to a credit
 or market risk event.

Cross-border risk, as defined by the
 FFIEC, focuses on the potential 
exposure if foreign governments take actions, such as enacting
 exchange 
controls, that prevent the
 conversion of local currency to non-local 
currency or restrict the remittance of funds outside the country.
 Unlike 
country risk, FFIEC
 cross-border risk measures exposure to the immediate 
obligors or counterparties domiciled in the
 given country or, if applicable, 
by
 the location of collateral or guarantors of the legally binding 
guarantees, generally without the benefit of
 margin received or hedge 
positions,
 and recognizes offsetting exposures only for certain products.

     The
differences between the presentation of country risk and cross-border risk can
be substantial, including the identification of the country of risk, as
described above. In addition, some of the more significant differences by
product are described below:

 For country risk, net derivative
 receivables are generally reported based 
on fair value, netting receivables and payables under the same
 legally 
binding netting agreement,
 and recognizing the benefit of margin 
received and any hedge positions in place. For cross-border risk,
 these 
items are also reported based
 on fair value and allow for netting of 
receivables and payables if a legally binding netting agreement is in
 place, 
but only with the same
 specific counterparty, and do not recognize the 
benefit of margin received or hedges in
 place. 

For country risk, secured financing
 transactions, such as repurchase 
agreements and reverse repurchase agreements, as well as
 securities 
loaned and borrowed, are
 reported based on the net credit exposure 
arising from the transaction, which is typically small or zero given
 the 
over-collateralized structure
 of these transactions. For cross-border risk, 
reverse repurchase agreements and securities
 borrowed are reported based 
on
 notional amounts and do not include the value of any collateral 
received (repurchase agreements and securities
 loaned are not included in 
cross-border risk reporting). 

For country risk, loans are reported
 net of hedges and collateral pledged 
under bankruptcy-remote structures. For cross-border risk, loans
 are 
reported without taking hedges
 into account. 

For country risk, securities in AFS
 and trading portfolios are reported on a 
net basis, netting long positions against short positions. For
 cross-border 
risk, securities in
 AFS and trading portfolios are not netted.

For country risk, credit default swaps
 (CDSs) are reported based on 
the
 net notional amount of CDSs purchased and sold, assuming zero 
recovery from the underlying entity, and
 adjusted for any mark-to-market 
receivable or payable position. For cross-border risk, CDSs are
 included 
based on the gross
 notional amount sold, and do not include any 
offsetting purchased CDSs on the same underlying
 entity. 

Venezuelan
Operations

In 2003, the
Venezuelan government enacted currency restrictions that have restricted
Citigroup’s ability to obtain U.S. dollars in Venezuela at the official foreign
currency rate. In May 2010, the government enacted new laws that have closed the
parallel foreign exchange market and established a new foreign exchange market.
Citigroup does not have access to U.S. dollars in this new market. Citigroup
uses the official rate to re-measure the foreign currency transactions in the
financial statements of its Venezuelan operations, which have U.S. dollar
functional currencies, into U.S. dollars. At December 31, 2011 and 2010,
Citigroup had net monetary assets in its Venezuelan operations denominated in
bolivars of approximately $241 million and $200 million,
respectively.

112

FAIR VALUE ADJUSTMENTS FOR DERIVATIVES AND
STRUCTURED DEBT

The following discussions
relate to the derivative obligor information and the fair valuation for
derivatives and structured debt. See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for additional information on Citi’s derivative
activities.

Fair Valuation Adjustments for
Derivatives

The fair value
adjustments applied by Citigroup to its derivative carrying values consist of
the following items:

 Liquidity adjustments are applied to
 items in Level 2 or Level 3 of the 
fair-value hierarchy (see Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements 
for more details) to
 ensure that the fair value reflects the price at which 
the entire position could be liquidated. The
 liquidity reserve is based on the 
bid/offer spread for an instrument, adjusted to take into account the
 size of 
the position. 

Credit valuation adjustments (CVA) is
 applied to over-the-counter 
derivative instruments, in which the base valuation generally
 discounts 
expected cash flows using
 LIBOR interest rate curves. Because not all 
counterparties have the same credit risk as that
 implied by the relevant 
LIBOR
 curve, a CVA is necessary to incorporate the market view of both 
counterparty credit risk and Citi’s own credit
 risk in the valuation. 

     Citigroup CVA methodology comprises two steps. First, the exposure
profile for each counterparty is determined using the terms of all individual
derivative positions and a Monte Carlo simulation or other quantitative analysis
to generate a series of expected cash flows at future points in time. The
calculation of this exposure profile considers the effect of credit risk
mitigants, including pledged cash or other collateral and any legal right of
offset that exists with a counterparty through arrangements such as netting
agreements. Individual derivative contracts that are subject to an enforceable
master netting agreement with a counterparty are aggregated for this purpose,
since it is those aggregate net cash flows that are subject to nonperformance
risk. This process identifies specific, point-in-time future cash flows that are
subject to nonperformance risk, rather than using the current recognized net
asset or liability as a basis to measure the CVA.

Second, market-based views of default
probabilities derived from observed credit spreads in the CDS market are applied
to the expected future cash flows determined in step one. Citi’s own-credit CVA
is determined using Citi-specific CDS spreads for the relevant tenor. Generally,
counterparty CVA is determined using CDS spread indices for each credit rating
and tenor. For certain identified facilities where individual analysis is
practicable (for example, exposures to monoline counterparties),
counterparty-specific CDS spreads are used.

The CVA adjustment is designed to incorporate a market view of the credit
risk inherent in the derivative portfolio. However, most derivative instruments
are negotiated bilateral contracts and are not commonly transferred to third
parties. Derivative instruments are normally settled contractually or, if
terminated early, are terminated at a value negotiated bilaterally between the
counterparties. Therefore, the CVA (both counterparty and own-credit) may

not be realized upon a
settlement or termination in the normal course of business. In addition, all or
a portion of the CVA may be reversed or otherwise adjusted in future periods in
the event of changes in the credit risk of Citi or its counterparties, or
changes in the credit mitigants (collateral and netting agreements) associated
with the derivative instruments.

The table below summarizes the CVA applied to the fair value of
derivative instruments as of December 31, 2011 and 2010.

Credit valuation adjustment

contra-liability
 (contra-asset)

December 31,

December 31,

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

 Non-monoline counterparties

$

(5,392

)

$

(3,015

)

 Citigroup (own)

2,176

1,285

 Net non-monoline CVA

$

(3,216

)

$

(1,730

)

 Monoline counterparties
 (1)

—

(1,548

)

 Total CVA—derivative
 instruments

$

(3,216

)

$

(3,278

)

 (1)

The reduction in CVA on
 derivative instruments with monoline counterparties includes $1.4 billion
 of utilizations in 2011.

Own DVA for Structured
Debt

Own debt valuation
adjustments (DVA) are recognized on Citi’s debt liabilities for which the fair
value option (FVO) has been elected using Citi’s credit spreads observed in the
bond market. Accordingly, the fair value of debt liabilities for which the fair
value option has been elected (other than non-recourse and similar liabilities)
is impacted by the narrowing or widening of Citi’s credit spreads. Changes in
fair value resulting from changes in Citi’s instrument-specific credit risk are
estimated by incorporating Citi’s current credit spreads observable in the bond
market into the relevant valuation technique used to value each
liability.

The table below summarizes
pretax gains (losses) related to changes in CVA on derivative instruments, net
of hedges, and DVA on own FVO debt:

Credit/debt valuation

adjustment gain

(loss)

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

 CVA on derivatives, excluding
 monolines,     net of hedges

$

33

  $

120

 CVA related to monoline
 counterparties,     net of hedges

179

523

 Total CVA—derivative
 instruments

$

212

$

643

 DVA related to own FVO debt

      $

1,774

$

(589

)

 Total CVA and DVA

$

1,986

$

54

     The CVA and DVA amounts shown above do
not include the effect of counterparty credit risk embedded in non-derivative
instruments. Losses on non-derivative instruments, such as bonds and loans,
related to counterparty credit risk are not included in the table
above.

113

CREDIT DERIVATIVES

Citigroup makes markets in and
trades a range of credit derivatives, both on behalf of clients as well as for
its own account. Through these contracts, Citi either purchases or writes
protection on either a single-name or portfolio basis. Citi primarily uses
credit derivatives to help mitigate credit risk in its corporate loan portfolio
and other cash positions, and to facilitate client
transactions.

Credit derivatives generally require that the seller of credit protection
make payments to the buyer upon the occurrence of predefined events (settlement
triggers). These settlement triggers, which are defined by the form of the
derivative and the referenced credit, are generally limited to the market
standard of failure to pay indebtedness and bankruptcy (or comparable events) of
the reference credit and, in a more limited range of transactions, debt
restructuring.

Credit derivative transactions
referring to emerging market reference credits will also typically include
additional settlement triggers to cover the acceleration of indebtedness and the
risk of repudiation or a payment moratorium. In certain transactions on a
portfolio of referenced credits or asset-backed securities, the seller of
protection may not be required to make payment until a specified amount of
losses has occurred with respect to the portfolio and/or may only be required
to pay for losses up to a specified amount.

     The
fair values shown below are prior to the application of any netting agreements, cash
collateral, and market or credit valuation
adjustments.

Citi actively participates in trading a variety of credit derivatives
products as both an active two-way market-maker for clients and to manage credit
risk. The majority of this activity was transacted with other financial
intermediaries, including both banks and broker-dealers. Citi generally has a
mismatch between the total notional amounts of protection purchased and sold and
it may hold the reference assets directly, rather than entering into offsetting
credit derivative contracts as and when desired. The open risk exposures from
credit derivative contracts are largely matched after certain cash positions in
reference assets are considered and after notional amounts are adjusted, either
to a duration-based equivalent basis or to reflect the level of subordination in
tranched structures.

Citi actively monitors its counterparty credit risk in credit derivative
contracts. Approximately 96% and 89% of the gross receivables are from
counterparties with which Citi maintains collateral agreements as of December
31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, respectively. A majority of Citi’s top 15
counterparties (by receivable balance owed to Citi) are banks, financial
institutions or other dealers. Contracts with these counterparties do not
include ratings-based termination events. However, counterparty ratings
downgrades may have an incremental effect by lowering the threshold at which
Citi may call for additional collateral.

114

     The
following tables summarize the key characteristics of Citi’s credit derivatives
portfolio by counterparty and derivative form as of December 31, 2011 and
December 31, 2010:

 December 31,
 2011

Fair values

Notionals

 In millions of
dollars

Receivable

Payable

Beneficiary

Guarantor

 By industry/counterparty

 Bank

$

57,175

$

53,638

$

981,085

$

929,608

 Broker-dealer

21,963

21,952

343,909

321,293

 Monoline

10

—

238

—

 Non-financial

95

130

1,797

1,048

 Insurance and other financial
 institutions

11,611

9,132

185,861

142,579

 Total by
 industry/counterparty

$

90,854

$

84,852

$

1,512,890

$

1,394,528

 By
 instrument

 Credit default swaps and options

$

89,998

$

83,419

$

1,491,053

$

1,393,082

 Total return swaps and other

856

1,433

21,837

1,446

 Total by
 instrument

$

90,854

$

84,852

$

1,512,890

$

1,394,528

 By
 rating

 Investment grade

$

26,457

$

23,846

$

681,406

$

611,447

 Non-investment grade
 (1)

64,397

61,006

831,484

783,081

 Total by rating

$

90,854

$

84,852

$

1,512,890

$

1,394,528

 By
 maturity

 Within 1 year

$

5,707

$

5,244

$

281,373

$

266,723

 From 1 to 5
 years

56,740

54,553

1,031,575

947,211

 After 5 years

28,407

25,055

199,942

180,594

 Total by maturity

$

90,854

$

84,852

$

1,512,890

$

1,394,528

 December 31,
 2010

Fair values

Notionals

 In millions of
dollars

Receivable

Payable

Beneficiary

Guarantor

 By industry/counterparty

 Bank

$

37,586

$

35,727

$

820,211

$

784,080

 Broker-dealer

15,428

16,239

319,625

312,131

 Monoline

1,914

2

4,409

—

 Non-financial

93

70

1,277

1,463

 Insurance and other financial
 institutions

10,108

7,760

177,171

125,442

 Total by
 industry/counterparty

$

65,129

$

59,798

$

1,322,693

$

1,223,116

 By
 instrument

 Credit default swaps and options

$

64,840

$

58,225

$

1,301,514

$

1,221,211

 Total return swaps and other

289

1,573

21,179

1,905

 Total by
 instrument

$

65,129

$

59,798

$

1,322,693

$

1,223,116

 By
 rating

 Investment grade

$

18,427

$

15,368

$

547,171

$

487,270

 Non-investment grade
 (1)

46,702

44,430

775,522

735,846

 Total by rating

$

65,129

$

59,798

$

1,322,693

$

1,223,116

 By
 maturity

 Within 1 year

$

1,716

$

1,817

$

164,735

$

162,075

 From 1 to 5
 years

33,853

34,298

935,632

853,808

 After 5 years

29,560

23,683

222,326

207,233

 Total by maturity

$

65,129

$

59,798

$

1,322,693

$

1,223,116

 (1)

Also includes not-rated credit
 derivative instruments.

115

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND
SIGNIFICANT ESTIMATES

Note 1 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements contains a summary of Citigroup’s significant accounting
policies, including a discussion of recently issued accounting pronouncements.
These policies, as well as estimates made by management, are integral to the
presentation of Citi’s results of operations and financial condition. While all
of these policies require a certain level of management judgment and estimates,
this section highlights and discusses the significant accounting policies that
require management to make highly difficult, complex or subjective judgments and
estimates at times regarding matters that are inherently uncertain and
susceptible to change. Management has discussed each of these significant
accounting policies, the related estimates, and its judgments with the Audit
Committee of the Board of Directors. Additional information about these policies
can be found in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Valuations of Financial
Instruments

Citigroup holds
fixed income and equity securities, derivatives, retained interests in
securitizations, investments in private equity, and other financial instruments.
In addition, Citi purchases securities under agreements to resell (reverse
repos) and sells securities under agreements to repurchase (repos). Citigroup
holds its investments, trading assets and liabilities, and resale and repurchase
agreements on the Consolidated Balance Sheet to meet customer needs, to manage
liquidity needs and interest rate risks, and for proprietary trading and private
equity investing.

Substantially all of the assets and liabilities
described in the preceding paragraph are reflected at fair value on Citi’s
Consolidated Balance Sheet. In addition, certain loans, short-term borrowings,
long-term debt and deposits as well as certain securities borrowed and loaned
positions that are collateralized with cash are carried at fair value.
Approximately 38.8% and 37.3% of total assets, and 15.7% and 16.6% of total
liabilities, were accounted for at fair value as of December 31, 2011 and 2010,
respectively.

When available, Citi generally
uses quoted market prices to determine fair value and classifies such items
within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy established under ASC
820-10,
 Fair Value Measurements
and Disclosures

 (see Note 25 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements). If quoted market prices are not
available, fair value is based upon internally developed valuation models that
use, where possible, current market-based or independently sourced market
parameters, such as interest rates, currency rates and option volatilities.
Where a model is internally developed and used to price a significant product,
it is subject to validation and testing by independent personnel. Such models
are often based on a discounted cash flow analysis. In addition, items valued
using such internally generated valuation techniques are classified according to
the lowest level input or value driver that is significant to the valuation.
Thus, an item may be classified in Level 3 even though there may be some
significant inputs that are readily observable.

     The credit crisis caused some markets to
become illiquid, thus reducing the availability of certain observable data used
by Citi’s valuation techniques. This illiquidity, in at least certain markets,
continued through 2011. When or if liquidity returns to these markets, the
valuations will revert to using the related observable inputs in verifying
internally calculated values. For additional information on Citigroup’s fair
value analysis, see “Managing Global Risk.”

Recognition of Changes in
Fair Value

Changes in the
valuation of the trading assets and liabilities, as well as all other assets
(excluding available-for-sale securities and derivatives in qualifying cash flow
hedging relationships) and liabilities carried at fair value, are recorded in
the Consolidated Statement of Income. Changes in the valuation of
available-for-sale securities, other than write-offs and credit impairments, and
the effective portion of changes in the valuation of derivatives in qualifying
cash flow hedging relationships generally are recorded in
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

(AOCI), which is a component of

Stockholders’
equity

 on the Consolidated
Balance Sheet. A full description of Citi’s policies and procedures relating to
recognition of changes in fair value can be found in Notes 1, 25, 26 and 27 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Evaluation of
Other-than-Temporary Impairment

Citi conducts and documents periodic reviews of all securities with
unrealized losses to evaluate whether the impairment is other-than-temporary.
Under the guidance for debt securities, other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI)
is recognized in earnings in the Consolidated Statement of Income for debt
securities that Citi has an intent to sell or that Citi believes it is more
likely than not that it will be required to sell prior to recovery of the
amortized cost basis. For those securities that Citi does not intend to sell or
expect to be required to sell, credit-related impairment is recognized in
earnings, with the non-credit-related impairment recorded in AOCI.

An unrealized loss exists when the current fair
value of an individual security is less than its amortized cost basis.
Unrealized losses that are determined to be temporary in nature are recorded,
net of tax, in AOCI for available-for-sale securities, while such losses related
to held-to-maturity securities are not recorded, as these investments are
carried at their amortized cost (less any other-than-temporary impairment). For
securities transferred to held-to-maturity from 
Trading account assets

, amortized cost is defined as the fair value
amount of the securities at the date of transfer plus any accretion income and
less any impairments recognized in earnings subsequent to transfer. For
securities transferred to held-to-maturity from available-for-sale, amortized
cost is defined as the original purchase cost, plus or minus any accretion or
amortization of a purchase discount or premium, less any impairment recognized
in earnings.

116

Regardless of the classification of
the securities as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity, Citi assesses each position with an unrealized loss
for OTTI.

Management assesses equity method
investments with fair value less than carrying value for OTTI, as discussed in Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. For investments that management does not plan to sell prior to recovery of value, or Citi is not likely to be
required to sell, various factors are considered in assessing OTTI. For investments that Citi plans to sell prior to
recovery of value, or would likely be required to sell and there is no expectation that the fair value will recover prior to
the expected sale date, the full impairment would be recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income.     At December 31, 2011, Citi
had several equity method investments that had temporary impairment, including its investments in Akbank and the
Morgan Stanley Smith Barney joint venture. As of December 31, 2011, management does not plan to sell those investments prior to
recovery of value and it is not more likely than not that Citi will be required to sell those investments. For additional information on these equity method investments, see Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements (Evaluating Investments for Other-Than-Temporary Impairments) below.

CVA/DVA
Methodology

ASC 820-10
requires that Citi’s own credit risk be considered in determining the market
value of any Citi liability carried at fair value. These liabilities include
derivative instruments as well as debt and other liabilities for which the fair
value option has been elected. The credit valuation adjustment (CVA) is
recognized on the balance sheet as a reduction or increase in the associated
derivative asset or liability to arrive at the fair value (carrying value) of
the derivative asset or liability. The debt valuation adjustment (DVA) is
recognized on the balance sheet as a reduction or increase in the associated
fair value option debt liability to arrive at the fair value of the liability.
For additional information, see “Fair Value Adjustments for Derivatives and
Structured Debt” above.

Allowance for Credit
Losses

Allowance for Funded
Lending Commitments

Management
provides reserves for an estimate of probable losses inherent in the funded loan
portfolio on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in the form of an allowance for loan
losses. These reserves are established in accordance with Citigroup’s credit
reserve policies, as approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.
Citi’s Chief Risk Officer and Chief Financial Officer review the adequacy of the
credit loss reserves each quarter with representatives from the risk management
and finance staffs for each applicable business area. Applicable business areas
include those having classifiably managed portfolios, where internal credit-risk
ratings are assigned (primarily 
Institutional Clients Group 

and
 Global Consumer
Banking

), or modified Consumer
loans, where concessions were granted due to the borrowers’ financial
difficulties.

     The above-mentioned representatives
covering these respective business areas present recommended reserve balances
for their funded and unfunded lending portfolios along with supporting
quantitative and qualitative data. The quantitative data include:

 Estimated probable losses for
 non-performing, non-homogeneous

exposures within a business line’s classifiably managed
 portfolio

and impaired
 smaller-balance homogeneous loans whose terms

have been modified due to the borrowers’
 financial difficulties, where

it was determined that a concession was granted to the
 borrower.

 Consideration may
 be given to the following, as appropriate, when 
determining this estimate: (i) the present value
 of expected future cash 
flows
 discounted at the loan’s original effective rate; (ii) the borrower’s

overall financial condition, resources and
 payment record; and (iii) the 
prospects for support from financially responsible guarantors or
 the 
realizable value of any
 collateral. When impairment is measured based 
on the present value of expected future cash
 flows, the entire change in 
present
 value is recorded in the Provision for loan losses.

Statistically calculated losses inherent in the classifiably managed

portfolio
 for performing and de minimis non-performing exposures

. 
The
 calculation is based upon: (i) Citigroup’s internal system of credit-risk 
ratings,
 which are analogous to the risk ratings of the major credit rating 
agencies;
 and (ii) historical default and loss data, including rating agency 
information
 regarding default rates from 1983 to 2011, and internal data 
dating to the
 early 1970s on severity of losses in the event of default. 

Additional adjustments.

These include: (i)
 statistically calculated 
estimates
 to cover the historical fluctuation of the default rates over the 
credit cycle, the historical variability of loss
 severity among defaulted 
loans, and
 the degree to which there are large obligor concentrations in 
the global portfolio; and (ii) adjustments made
 for specifically known 
items, such
 as current environmental factors and credit trends. 

     In addition, representatives from both
the risk management and finance staffs that cover business areas with
delinquency-managed portfolios containing smaller homogeneous loans present
their recommended reserve balances based upon leading credit indicators,
including loan delinquencies and changes in portfolio size, as well as economic
trends, including housing prices, unemployment and GDP. This methodology is
applied separately for each individual product within each different geographic
region in which these portfolios exist.

117

     This
evaluation process is subject to numerous estimates and judgments. The frequency
of default, risk ratings, loss recovery rates, the size and diversity of
individual large credits, and the ability of borrowers with foreign currency
obligations to obtain the foreign currency necessary for orderly debt servicing,
among other things, are all taken into account during this review. Changes in
these estimates could have a direct impact on Citi’s credit costs in any quarter
and could result in a change in the allowance. Changes to the allowance are
recorded in the 
Provision for loan
losses.

Allowance for Unfunded
Lending Commitments

A similar
approach to the allowance for loan losses is used for calculating a reserve for
the expected losses related to unfunded loan commitments and standby letters of
credit. This reserve is classified on the Consolidated Balance Sheet in

Other liabilities

. Changes to the allowance for unfunded lending
commitments are recorded in the 
Provision for unfunded lending commitments.

For a further description of the loan loss reserve
and related accounts, see Notes 1 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Securitizations

Citigroup securitizes a number of different asset
classes as a means of strengthening its balance sheet and accessing competitive
financing rates in the market. Under these securitization programs, assets are
transferred into a trust and used as collateral by the trust to obtain
financing. The cash flows from assets in the trust service the corresponding
trust liabilities and equity interests. If the structure of the trust meets
certain accounting guidelines, trust assets are treated as sold and are no
longer reflected as assets of Citi. If these guidelines are not met, the assets
continue to be recorded as Citi’s assets, with the financing activity recorded
as liabilities on Citi’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Citigroup also assists its clients in securitizing
their financial assets and packages and securitizes financial assets purchased
in the financial markets. Citi may also provide administrative, asset
management, underwriting, liquidity facilities and/or other services to the
resulting securitization entities and may continue to service some of these
financial assets.

Elimination of Qualifying
Special Purpose Entities (QSPEs) and Changes in the Consolidation Model for
VIEs

In June 2009, the FASB
issued SFAS No. 166, 
Accounting
for Transfers of Financial Assets, an amendment of FASB Statement No. 140

(SFAS 166, now incorporated into
ASC Topic 860) and SFAS No. 167, 
Amendments to FASB Interpretation No. 46(R) 

(SFAS 167, now incorporated into ASC Topic 810).
Citigroup adopted both standards on January 1, 2010 and elected to apply SFAS
166 and SFAS 167 prospectively. Accordingly, prior periods have not been
restated.

     SFAS 166 eliminated the concept of QSPEs
from U.S. GAAP and amends the guidance on accounting for transfers of financial
assets. SFAS 167 details three key changes to the consolidation model. First,
former QSPEs are now included in the scope of SFAS 167. Second, the FASB has
changed the method of analyzing which party to a variable interest entity (VIE)
should consolidate the VIE (known as the primary beneficiary) to a qualitative
determination of which party to the VIE has “power,” combined with potentially
significant benefits or losses, instead of the previous quantitative risks and
rewards model. The party that has “power” has the ability to direct the
activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic
performance. Third, the new standard requires that the primary beneficiary
analysis be re-evaluated whenever circumstances change. The previous rules
required reconsideration of the primary beneficiary only when specified
reconsideration events occurred.

As a result of implementing these new accounting standards, Citigroup
consolidated certain of the VIEs and former QSPEs with which it had involvement
on January 1, 2010. Further, certain asset transfers, including transfers of
portions of assets, that would have been considered sales under SFAS 140 are
considered secured borrowings under the new standards. Citigroup consolidated
all required VIEs and former QSPEs, as of January 1, 2010, at carrying values or
unpaid principal amounts, except for certain private-label residential mortgage
and mutual fund deferred sales commissions VIEs, for which the fair value option
was elected.

The incremental impact of
these changes on GAAP assets and resulting risk-weighted assets for those VIEs
and former QSPEs that were consolidated or deconsolidated for accounting
purposes as of January 1, 2010 was an increase in GAAP assets of $137.3 billion
and $24.0 billion in risk-weighted assets. In addition, the cumulative effect of
adopting these new accounting standards as of January 1, 2010 resulted in an
aggregate after-tax charge to 
Retained earnings 

of $8.4
billion, reflecting the net effect of an overall pretax charge to

Retained earnings

 (primarily relating to the establishment of loan
loss reserves and the reversal of residual interests held) of $13.4 billion and
the recognition of related deferred tax assets amounting to $5.0
billion.

Non-Consolidation of
Certain Investment Funds

The
FASB issued Accounting Standards Update No. 2010-10, 
Consolidation (Topic 810), Amendments for Certain
Investment Funds

 (ASU 2010-10) in
the first quarter of 2010. ASU 2010-10 provides a deferral of the requirements
of SFAS 167 for certain investment funds. Citigroup has determined that a
majority of the investment vehicles managed by it are provided a deferral from
the requirements of SFAS 167 as they meet these criteria. These vehicles
continue to be evaluated under the requirements of FIN 46(R) (ASC 810-10), prior
to the implementation of SFAS 167.

118

     Where
Citi has determined that certain investment vehicles are subject to the
consolidation requirements of SFAS 167, the consolidation conclusions reached
upon initial application of SFAS 167 are consistent with the consolidation
conclusions reached under the requirements of ASC 810-10, prior to the
implementation of SFAS 167.

For additional information, see Notes 1 and 22 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Goodwill

Citigroup has recorded 
Goodwill

 of $25.4 billion (1.4% of assets) and $26.2 billion (1.4% of assets) on
its Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010,
respectively. No goodwill impairment was recorded during 2009, 2010 and
2011.

Goodwill is allocated to
Citi’s reporting units at the date the goodwill is initially recorded. Once
goodwill has been allocated to the reporting units, it generally no longer
retains its identification with a particular acquisition, but instead becomes
identified with the reporting unit as a whole. As a result, the full fair value
of each reporting unit is available to support the value of goodwill allocated
to the unit. As of December 31, 2011, Citigroup operated in three core business
segments, as discussed above. Goodwill impairment testing is performed at the
reporting unit level, one level below the business segment.

The reporting unit structure in 2011 was
consistent with the reporting units identified in the second quarter of 2009 as
a result of the change in Citi’s organizational structure. During 2011, goodwill
was allocated to disposals and tested for impairment under these reporting
units. The nine reporting units were 
North America Regional Consumer Banking, EMEA Regional Consumer Banking,
Asia Regional Consumer Banking, Latin America Regional Consumer Banking,
Securities and Banking, Transaction Services, Brokerage and Asset Management,
Local Consumer Lending—Cards 

and
 Local Consumer
Lending—Other.

Under ASC 350, 
Intangibles—Goodwill and Other, 

the goodwill impairment analysis is done in two steps. The first step
requires a comparison of the fair value of the individual reporting unit to its
carrying value, including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit is
in excess of the carrying value, the related goodwill is considered not to be
impaired and no further analysis is necessary. If the carrying value of the
reporting unit exceeds the fair value, there is an indication of potential
impairment and a second step of testing is performed to measure the amount of
impairment, if any, for that reporting unit.

When required, the second step of testing involves calculating the
implied fair value of goodwill for each of the affected reporting units. The
implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of
goodwill recognized in a business combination, which is the excess of the fair
value of the reporting unit determined in step one over the fair value of the
net assets and identifiable intangibles as if the reporting unit were being
acquired. If the amount of the goodwill allocated to the reporting unit

exceeds the implied fair value
of the goodwill in the pro forma purchase price allocation, an impairment charge
is recorded for the excess. A recognized impairment charge cannot
exceed the amount of goodwill allocated to a reporting unit and cannot subsequently be
reversed even if the fair value of the reporting unit recovers.

Goodwill impairment testing involves management
judgment, requiring an assessment of whether the carrying value of the reporting
unit can be supported by the fair value of the individual reporting unit using
widely accepted valuation techniques, such as the market approach (earnings
multiples and/or transaction multiples) and/or the income approach (discounted
cash flow (DCF) method). In applying these methodologies, Citi utilizes a number
of factors, including actual operating results, future business plans, economic
projections, and market data. Management may engage an independent valuation
specialist to assist in Citi’s valuation process.

Citigroup engaged the services of an independent
valuation specialist in 2010 and 2011 to assist in Citi’s valuation for most of
the reporting units employing both the market approach and DCF method. Citi
believes that the DCF method, using management projections for the selected
reporting units and an appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate, is most
reflective of a market participant’s view of fair values given current market
conditions. For the reporting units where both methods were utilized in 2010 and
2011, the resulting fair values were relatively consistent and appropriate
weighting was given to outputs from both methods.

The DCF method used at the time of each impairment
test used discount rates that Citi believes adequately reflected the risk and
uncertainty in the financial markets generally and specifically in the
internally generated cash flow projections. The DCF method employs a capital
asset pricing model in estimating the discount rate. Citi continues to value the
remaining reporting units where it believes the risk of impairment to be low,
using primarily the market approach.

Citi prepares a formal three-year strategic plan for its businesses on an
annual basis. These projections incorporate certain external economic
projections developed at the point in time the strategic plan is developed. For
the purpose of performing any impairment test, the three-year forecast is
updated by Citi to reflect current economic conditions as of the testing date.
Citi used updated long-range financial forecasts as a basis for its annual
goodwill impairment test performed as of July 1, 2011.

The results of the July 1, 2011 test validated
that the fair values exceeded the carrying values for the reporting units that
had goodwill at the testing date. Citi is also required to test goodwill for
impairment whenever events or circumstances make it more likely than not that
impairment may have occurred, such as a significant adverse change in the
business climate, a decision to sell or dispose of all or a significant portion
of a reporting unit, or a significant decline in Citi’s stock price. No interim
goodwill impairment tests were performed during 2011.

119

     Since none of the
Company’s reporting units are publicly traded, individual reporting unit fair
value determinations cannot be directly correlated to Citigroup’s stock price.
The sum of the fair values of the reporting units at July 1, 2011 exceeded the
overall market capitalization of Citi as of July 1, 2011. However, Citi believes
that it was not meaningful to reconcile the sum of the fair values of its
reporting units to its market capitalization during the 2011 annual impairment
test due to the fact that Citi’s market capitalization reflects the execution
risk in a transaction involving Citigroup due to its size. The individual
reporting units’ fair values are not subject to the same level of execution risk
or a business model that is perceived to be complex.

See also
Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Income Taxes

Citi is subject to the income tax laws of the U.S., its states
and local municipalities and the foreign jurisdictions in which Citi operates.
These tax laws are complex and are subject to differing interpretations by the
taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing authorities. Disputes over
interpretations of the tax laws may be subject to review and adjudication by the
court systems of the various tax jurisdictions or may be settled with the taxing
authority upon audit.

In establishing a provision for income tax
expense, Citi must make judgments and interpretations about the application of
these inherently complex tax laws. Citi must also make estimates about when in
the future certain items will affect taxable income in the various tax
jurisdictions, both domestic and foreign. Deferred taxes are recorded for the
future consequences of events that have been recognized in the financial
statements or tax returns, based upon enacted tax laws and rates. Deferred tax
assets (DTAs) are recognized subject to management’s judgment that realization
is more likely than not.

At December 31, 2011, Citi had recorded
net DTAs of approximately $51.5 billion, a decrease of $0.6 billion from $52.1
billion at December 31, 2010.

Although realization is not assured, Citi
believes that the realization of the recognized net DTA of $51.5 billion at
December 31, 2011 is more likely than not based upon expectations as to future
taxable income in the jurisdictions in which the DTAs arise and based on
available tax planning strategies (as defined in ASC 740, 
Income Taxes)

 that would be
implemented, if necessary, to prevent a carryforward from expiring.

In
general, Citi would need to generate approximately $111 billion of taxable
income during the respective carryforward periods (discussed below) to fully
realize its U.S. federal, state and local DTAs. Citi’s net DTAs will decline
primarily as additional domestic GAAP taxable income is generated.

As of December 31, 2011, Citi was no longer in a three-year cumulative
loss position for purposes of evaluating its DTAs. While this removes a
significant piece of negative evidence in evaluating the need for a valuation
allowance, Citi will continue to weigh the evidence supporting its DTAs. Citi
has concluded that there are two pieces of positive evidence that support the
full realizability of its DTAs. First, Citi forecasts sufficient taxable income
in the carryforward period, exclusive of tax planning strategies. Second, Citi
has sufficient tax planning strategies, including potential sales of assets, in
which it could realize the excess of appreciated value over the tax basis of its
assets. The amount of the DTAs considered realizable, however, is necessarily
subject to Citi’s estimates of future taxable income in the jurisdictions in
which it operates during the respective carry-forward periods, which is in turn
subject to overall market and global economic conditions.

The
following table summarizes Citi’s net DTAs balance at December 31, 2011 and
2010:

Jurisdiction/Component

DTA balance

DTA
 balance

 In billions of
dollars

December 31, 2011

December 31, 2010

 U.S. federal 

(1)

 Consolidated tax
 return net operating

        loss (NOL)

$

—

$

3.8

 Consolidated tax return foreign tax

        credit (FTC)

15.8

13.9

 Consolidated tax
 return general

        business credit
(GBC)

2.1

1.7

 Future tax deductions and credits

23.0

21.8

 Other (2)

1.4

0.4

 Total U.S.
federal

$

42.3

$

41.6

 State and
 local

 New York NOLs

$

1.3

$

1.7

 Other state
 NOLs

0.7

0.8

 Future tax deductions

2.2

2.1

 Total state and local

$

4.2

$

4.6

 Foreign

 APB 23
 subsidiary NOLs

$

0.5

$

0.5

 Non-APB 23 subsidiary NOLs

1.8

1.5

 Future tax deductions

2.7

3.9

 Total foreign

$

5.0

$

5.9

 Total

$

51.5

$

52.1

 (1)

Included in the net U.S.
 federal DTAs of $42.3 billion at December 31, 2011 are deferred tax
 liabilities of $3 billion that will reverse in the relevant carryforward
 period and may be used to support the DTAs, and $0.2 billion in
 compensation deductions that reduced additional paid-in capital in January
 2012 and for which no adjustment to such DTAs is permitted at December 31,
 2011 because the related stock compensation was not yet deductible to
 Citi.

 (2)

Includes $1.2 billion and
 $0.1 billion for 2011 and 2010, respectively, of tax carryforwards related
 to companies that file U.S. federal tax returns separate from Citigroup’s
 consolidated U.S. federal tax return.

120

     The U.S. federal
consolidated tax return NOL carry-forward component of the DTAs of $3.8 billion
at December 31, 2010 was utilized in 2011. For the reasons discussed herein,
Citi believes the U.S. federal and New York state and city NOL carryforward
period of 20 years provides enough time to fully utilize the DTAs pertaining to
the existing NOL carryforwards and any NOL that would be created by the reversal of the future net deductions that
have not yet been taken on a tax return.

Because
the U.S. federal consolidated tax return NOL carryforward has been utilized, Citi can begin to utilize its
foreign tax credit (FTC) and general business credit (GBC) carryforwards. The
U.S. FTC carryforward period is 10 years. Utilization of foreign tax credits in
any year is restricted to 35% of foreign source taxable income in that year.
However, overall domestic losses that Citi has incurred of approximately $56
billion as of December 31, 2011 are allowed to be reclassified as foreign source
income to the extent of 50% of domestic source income produced in subsequent
years, and such resulting foreign source income would in fact be sufficient to
cover the foreign tax credits being carried forward. As such, Citi believes the foreign source taxable income limitation will not be an
impediment to the foreign tax credit carryforward usage as long as Citi can
generate sufficient domestic taxable income within the 10-year carryforward
period.

Regarding the estimate of future taxable income, Citi has projected its
pretax earnings, predominantly based upon the “core” businesses that Citi
intends to conduct going forward. These “core” businesses have produced steady
and strong earnings in the past. Citi believes that it will generate sufficient
pretax earnings within the 10-year carryforward period referenced above to be
able to fully utilize the foreign tax credit carryforward, in addition to any
foreign tax credits produced in such period.

As
mentioned above, Citi has examined tax planning strategies available to it in
accordance with ASC 740 that would be employed, if necessary, to prevent a
carryforward from expiring and to accelerate the usage of its carryforwards.
These strategies include repatriating low-taxed foreign source earnings for
which an assertion that the earnings have been indefinitely reinvested has not
been made, accelerating U.S. taxable income into or deferring U.S. tax
deductions out of the latter years of the carryforward period (e.g., selling
appreciated intangible assets and electing straight-line depreciation),
accelerating deductible temporary differences outside the U.S., holding onto
available-for-sale debt securities with losses until they mature and selling
certain assets that produce tax-exempt income, while purchasing assets that
produce fully taxable income. In addition, the sale or restructuring of certain
businesses can produce significant U.S. taxable income within the relevant
carryforward periods.

As previously disclosed, Citi’s ability to utilize its DTAs to offset
future taxable income may be significantly limited if Citi experiences an
“ownership change,” as defined in Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended (Code). Generally, an ownership change will occur if there is a
cumulative change in Citi’s ownership by “5-percent shareholders” (as defined in
the Code) that exceeds 50 percentage points over a rolling three-year period.
Any limitation on Citi’s ability to utilize its DTAs arising from an ownership
change under Section 382 will depend on the value of Citi’s stock at the time of
the ownership change.

See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for a further description of Citi’s tax provision and related income
tax assets and liabilities.

Approximately $11 billion of the net DTAs
was included in Tier 1 Common and Tier 1 Capital as of December 31,
2011.

Litigation
Accruals

See the discussion in Note 29 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for information regarding Citi’s policies
on establishing accruals for legal and regulatory claims.

Accounting Changes and Future
Application of Accounting Standards

See
Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of “Accounting
Changes” and the “Future Application of Accounting Standards.”

121

DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND
PROCEDURES

Citi’s disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC’s rules and forms, including
without limitation that information required to be disclosed by Citi in its SEC
filings is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief
Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) as appropriate to
allow for timely decisions regarding required
disclosure.

Citi’s
Disclosure Committee assists the CEO and CFO in their responsibilities to
design, establish, maintain and evaluate the effectiveness of Citi’s disclosure
controls and procedures. The Disclosure Committee is responsible for, among
other things, the oversight, maintenance and implementation of the disclosure
controls and procedures, subject to the supervision and oversight of the CEO and
CFO.

Citi’s management, with the participation of its CEO and CFO, has
evaluated the effectiveness of Citigroup’s disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2011
and, based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO have concluded that at that date
Citigroup’s disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

122

MANAGEMENT’S ANNUAL REPORT ON INTERNAL
CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

Citi’s management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Citi’s internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Citi’s internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i)
pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and
fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of Citi’s assets; (ii) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that Citi’s receipts and expenditures are made only
in accordance with authorizations of Citi’s management and directors; and (iii)
provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of Citi’s assets that could have a
material effect on its financial statements.

     Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent
or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to
future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate
because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. In addition, given Citi’s large size,
complex operations and global footprint, lapses or deficiencies in internal
controls may occur from time to time.

Citi management assessed the effectiveness
of Citigroup’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2011
based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework. Based
on this assessment, management believes that, as of December 31, 2011, Citi’s
internal control over financial reporting was effective. In addition, there were
no changes in Citi’s internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal
quarter ended December 31, 2011 that materially affected, or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, Citi’s internal control over financial
reporting.

The effectiveness of Citi’s internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2011 has been audited by KPMG LLP, Citi’s
independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report below,
which expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of Citi’s internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2011.

123

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements in this Form 10-K including but not limited to statements included within the Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, are
“forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the rules and regulations of
the SEC. In addition, Citigroup also may make forward-looking statements in its
other documents filed or furnished with the SEC, and its management may make
forward-looking statements orally to analysts, investors, representatives of the
media and others.

Generally, forward-looking statements are not based on historical facts
but instead represent only Citigroup’s and its management’s beliefs regarding
future events. Such statements may be identified by words such as

believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate,
may increase, may fluctuate

, and similar
expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as 
will, should, would 

and

could

.

Such statements are based on management’s current expectations and are
subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Actual results and capital
and other financial condition may differ materially from those included in these
statements due to a variety of factors, including without limitation the
precautionary statements included in this Form 10-K, the factors listed and
described under “Risk Factors” above and the factors described below:

 the ongoing potential impact of significant regulatory changes around the 
world
 on Citi’s businesses, revenues and earnings, and the possibility 
of
 additional regulatory requirements beyond those already 
proposed, adopted or
 currently contemplated by U.S. or international regulators; 

the uncertainty around the ongoing
 implementation of The 
Dodd-Frank Wall Street
 Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 
(Dodd-Frank Act), as well as international efforts, on Citi’s ability
 to 
manage its businesses, the amount and
 timing of increased costs, and 
 Citi’s
 ability to compete with U.S. and foreign competitors; 

Citi’s ability to meet prospective new regulatory capital requirements 
in
 the timeframe expected by the market or its regulators, the impact 
the
 continued lack of certainty surrounding Citi’s capital requirements has on 

 Citi’s long-term capital planning, and the extent to which Citi will be disadvantaged by capital requirements compared
 to U.S. and non-U.S. competitors; 

the impact of the proposed rules relating to the
 regulation of derivatives 
under the Dodd-Frank
 Act, as well as similar proposed international derivatives 
regulations, on Citi’s competitiveness in, and earnings from,

these businesses; 

the impact of the proposed restrictions under the “Volcker Rule” 
provisions
 of the Dodd-Frank Act on Citi’s market-making activities, the significant compliance costs associated with those
 proposals, and 
the potential that Citi could be forced to dispose of
 certain investments at 
less than fair value; 

the potential impact of the newly formed Consumer Financial
 Protection Bureau 
on Citi’s practices and
 operations with respect to a number of its U.S. 
Consumer businesses and the potential significant costs associated with implementing and complying with any new regulatory requirements; 

 the potential negative impact to Citi of
 regulatory requirements in the U.S. 
and other
 jurisdictions aimed at facilitating the orderly resolution of large

financial institutions; 

Citi’s ability to hire and retain highly qualified
 employees as a result of 
regulatory
 requirements regarding compensation practices or otherwise; 

the impact of existing and potential future
 regulations on Citi’s ability 
and costs to
 participate in securitization transactions, as well as the nature 
and profitability of securitization transactions
 generally; 

potential future changes to key accounting
 standards utilized by Citi and 
their impact on
 how Citi records and reports its financial condition and 
results of operations, including whether Citi would be able
 to meet any 
required transition
 timelines; 

the potential negative impact the ongoing Eurozone
 debt crisis could 
have on Citi’s businesses,
 results of operations, financial condition and 
liquidity, particularly if sovereign debt defaults,
 significant 
bank failures or defaults and/or
 the exit of one or more countries from the 
European Monetary Union occur; 

the continued uncertainty relating to the
 sustainability and pace of 
economic recovery
 and their continued effect on certain of Citi’s businesses, 
particularly 
S&B

and the U.S. mortgage businesses within

Citi Holdings –

Local Consumer Lending

; 

the potential impact of any further downgrade of the U.S.
 government credit 
rating, or concerns regarding
 a potential downgrade, on Citi’s businesses, 
results of operations, capital and funding and liquidity; 

risks arising from Citi’s extensive operations outside the U.S.,
 particularly 
in emerging markets, including, without limitation, exchange
 controls, limitations on foreign investments, sociopolitical instability, nationalization, closure of branches or
 subsidiaries, confiscation of assets, and sovereign volatility, as well as increased 
compliance
 and regulatory risks and costs; 

the impact of external factors, such as market
 disruptions or negative 
market perceptions of
 Citi or the financial services industry generally, on 
Citi’s liquidity and/or costs of funding; 

the potential negative impact on Citi’s funding and
 liquidity of a reduction in Citi’s 
or its
 subsidiaries’ credit ratings; 

the potential outcome of the extensive litigation,
 investigations and 
inquiries pertaining to
 Citi’s U.S. mortgage-related activities and the 
impact of any such outcomes on Citi’s businesses,
 business 
practices, reputation, financial condition or results of
 operations; 

the negative impact of the remaining assets in
 Citi Holdings on Citi’s 
results of operations
 and Citi’s ability to more productively utilize the capital 
supporting these assets; 

the potential negative impact to Citi’s common
 stock price and market 
perception if Citi is
 unable to increase its common stock dividend or 
initiate a share repurchase program; 

124

 Citi’s ability to achieve its targeted expense reduction levels as well as
 ensuring the highest level of 
productivity of Citi’s previous or future
 investment spending; 

the potential negative impact on the value of
 Citi’s deferred tax assets (DTAs) 
if U.S.,
 state or foreign tax rates are reduced, or if other changes are made to the U.S.

tax system, such as changes to the tax treatment of foreign
 business income; 

the expiration of the active financing
 income exception on Citi’s 
tax expense; 

the potential impact to Citi from evolving cybersecurity and other 
technological
 risks and attacks, which could result in additional costs, reputational damage, regulatory penalties and financial
 losses; 

the accuracy of Citi’s assumptions and estimates used to prepare its 
financial
 statements and the potential for Citi to experience significant losses if these assumptions or estimates are incorrect; 

 the inability to predict the potential outcome of the extensive legal and regulatory
 proceedings 
that Citi is subject to at any given time, and the impact of any
 such 
outcomes on Citi’s businesses, business practices, reputation, financial
 condition or results 
of operations; 

Citi’s inability to maintain the value of the Citi
 brand; and 

Citi’s concentration of risk and the potential ineffectiveness of Citi’s risk
 management processes, 
including its risk monitoring and risk mitigation
 techniques. 

     Any
forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of Citigroup speak only as
to the date they are made, and Citi does not undertake to update forward-looking
statements to reflect the impact of circumstances or events that arise after the
date the forward-looking statements were made.

125

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM

—

INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

The Board of Directors and
StockholdersCitigroup Inc.:

We have audited Citigroup Inc. and
subsidiaries’ (the “Company” or “Citigroup”) internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2011, based on criteria established in

Internal Control—Integrated Framework

issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company’s management is
responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting
and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial
reporting, included in the accompanying management’s annual report on internal
control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based on our
audit.

We conducted
our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal
control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such
other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion.

A
company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and 

procedures that (1) pertain to the
maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect
the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of
its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

In our
opinion, Citigroup maintained, in all material respects, effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2011, based on criteria
established in 
Internal Control—Integrated
Framework

 issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission.

We also
have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of Citigroup as
of December 31, 2011 and 2010, and the related consolidated statements of
income, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of the years in
the three-year period ended December 31, 2011, and our report dated February 24,
2012 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated financial
statements.

New York, New YorkFebruary 24,
2012

126

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM

—

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Board of
Directors and StockholdersCitigroup Inc.:

We have audited the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets of Citigroup Inc. and subsidiaries (the “Company” or
“Citigroup”) as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, and the related consolidated
statements of income, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of
the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2011. These consolidated
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our audits.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements. An audit also includes assessing the
accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well
as evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Citigroup as
of December 31, 2011 and 2010, and the results of its operations and its cash
flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2011, in
conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles.

As
discussed in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, in 2010 the
Company changed its method of accounting for qualifying special purpose
entities, variable interest entities and embedded credit derivatives.

We also
have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States), Citigroup’s internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2011, based on criteria established in

Internal Control—Integrated
Framework

 issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report dated
February 24, 2012 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting.

New York, New YorkFebruary 24, 2012

127

[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT
BLANK]

128

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES TABLE OF
CONTENTS

 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 Consolidated Statement of Income—

        For the
 Years Ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009

131

 Consolidated Balance
 Sheet—

        December 31, 2011,
 and 2010

132

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in
 Stockholders’ Equity—

        For the Years
 Ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009

134

 Consolidated Statement of
 Cash Flows—

        For the Years Ended
 December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009

136

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL

STATEMENTS

 Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting
 Policies

137

 Note 2 – Business
 Divestitures

153

 Note 3 – Discontinued Operations

154

 Note 4 – Business
 Segments

156

 Note 5 – Interest Revenue and
 Expense

157

 Note 6 – Commissions and
 Fees

157

 Note 7 – Principal Transactions

158

 Note 8 – Incentive
 Plans

158

 Note 9 – Retirement Benefits

165

 Note 10 – Income
 Taxes

177

 Note 11 – Earnings per Share

181

 Note 12 – Federal
 Funds/Securities Borrowed, Loaned, and 

 Subject to Repurchase Agreements

182

 Note 13 – Brokerage Receivables and
 Brokerage Payables

183

 Note 14 – Trading Account
 Assets and Liabilities

183

 Note 15 – Investments

184

 Note 16 – Loans

194

 Note 17 – Allowance for Credit
 Losses

205

 Note 18 – Goodwill and
 Intangible Assets

207

 Note 19 – Debt

210

 Note 20 – Regulatory
 Capital

213

 Note 21 – Changes in Accumulated Other
 Comprehensive                        
Income (Loss)

214

 Note 22 – Securitizations
 and Variable Interest Entities

215

 Note 23 – Derivatives Activities

232

 Note 24 – Concentrations
 of Credit Risk

241

 Note 25 – Fair Value Measurement

241

 Note 26 – Fair Value
 Elections

255

 Note 27 – Fair Value of Financial
 Instruments

260

 Note 28 – Pledged
 Securities, Collateral, Commitments                         and Guarantees

261

 Note 29 – Contingencies

267

 Note 30 – Subsequent
 Events

276

 Note 31 – Condensed Consolidating Financial
 Statement                        Schedules

276

 Note 32 – Selected
 Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)

285

129

[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT
BLANK]

130

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
 INCOME

Citigroup Inc. and
 Subsidiaries

Year ended December 31,

 In millions of dollars, except per-share
 amounts

2011

2010

2009

 Revenues

 Interest revenue

$

72,681

$

79,282

$

76,398

 Interest expense

24,234

25,096

27,902

 Net
 interest revenue

$

48,447

$

54,186

$

48,496

 Commissions and fees

$

12,850

$

13,658

$

15,485

 Principal transactions

7,234

7,517

6,068

 Administration and other
 fiduciary fees

3,995

4,005

5,195

 Realized gains (losses) on sales of investments,
 net

1,997

2,411

1,996

 Other-than-temporary impairment
 losses on investments

        Gross
 impairment losses

(2,413

)

(1,495

)

(7,262

)

        Less:
 Impairments recognized in AOCI

159

84

4,356

        Net impairment
 losses recognized in earnings

(2,254

)

(1,411

)

$

(2,906

)

 Insurance premiums

2,647

$

2,684

$

3,020

 Other revenue

3,437

3,551

2,931

 Total non-interest revenues

$

29,906

$

32,415

$

31,789

 Total revenues, net of interest
expense

$

78,353

$

86,601

$

80,285

 Provisions for
 credit losses and for benefits and claims

 Provision for loan losses

$

11,773

$

25,194

$

38,760

 Policyholder benefits and
 claims

972

965

1,258

 Provision
 (release) for unfunded lending commitments

51

(117

)

244

 Total provisions for credit losses and for benefits
 and claims

$

12,796

$

26,042

$

40,262

 Operating
 expenses

 Compensation and
 benefits

$

25,688

$

24,430

$

24,987

 Premises and equipment

3,326

3,331

3,697

 Technology/communication

5,133

4,924

5,215

 Advertising and marketing

2,346

1,645

1,415

 Restructuring

—

—

(113

)

 Other
 operating

14,440

13,045

12,621

 Total operating expenses

$

50,933

$

47,375

$

47,822

 Income (loss) from
 continuing operations before income taxes

$

14,624

$

13,184

$

(7,799

)

 Provision (benefit) for income taxes

3,521

2,233

(6,733

)

 Income (loss) from continuing
 operations

$

11,103

$

10,951

$

(1,066

)

 Discontinued
 operations

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations

$

23

$

72

$

(653

)

 Gain (loss) on sale

155

(702

)

102

 Provision
 (benefit) for income taxes

66

(562

)

(106

)

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of
 taxes

$

112

$

(68

)

$

(445

)

 Net income (loss) before
 attribution of noncontrolling interests

$

11,215

$

10,883

$

(1,511

)

 Net income attributable to noncontrolling
 interests

148

281

95

 Citigroup’s net income (loss)

$

11,067

$

10,602

$

(1,606

)

 Basic earnings per
 share 

(1)(2)

 Income (loss) from continuing operations

$

3.69

$

3.66

$

(7.61

)

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of
 taxes

0.04

(0.01

)

(0.38

)

 Net
 income (loss)

$

3.73

$

3.65

$

(7.99

)

 Weighted average common shares
 outstanding

2,909.8

2,877.6

1,156.8

 Diluted earnings per share
 (1)(2)

 Income (loss) from continuing
 operations

$

3.59

$

3.55

$

(7.61

)

 Income (loss)
 from discontinued operations, net of taxes

0.04

(0.01

)

(0.38

)

 Net income (loss)

$

3.63

$

3.54

$

(7.99

)

 Adjusted weighted average common shares
 outstanding

2,998.8

2,967.8

1,209.9

 (1)

Earnings per share amounts
 and adjusted weighted average common shares outstanding for all periods
 reflect Citigroup’s 1-for-10 reverse stock split, which was effective May
 6, 2011.

 (2)

Due to the net loss
 available to common shareholders in 2009, loss available to common
 stockholders for basic EPS was used to calculate diluted EPS. Including
 the effect of dilutive securities would result in
 anti-dilution.

See Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

131

 CONSOLIDATED
 BALANCE SHEET

Citigroup Inc. and Subsidiaries

December 31,

 In millions of dollars, except
 shares

2011

2010

 Assets

 Cash and due
 from banks (including segregated cash and other deposits)

$

28,701

$

27,972

 Deposits with banks

155,784

162,437

 Federal funds
 sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to resell
 (including $142,862 and $87,512

        as of
 December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, at fair value)

275,849

246,717

 Brokerage receivables

27,777

31,213

 Trading account
 assets (including $109,719 and $117,554 pledged to creditors at December
 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively)

291,734

317,272

 Investments (including $14,940 and $12,546 pledged to creditors at
 December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, and $274,040 and

        $281,174
 at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, at fair value)

293,413

318,164

 Loans, net of
 unearned income

        Consumer
 (including $1,326 and $1,745 as of December 31, 2011 and 2010,
 respectively, at fair value)

423,731

455,732

        Corporate
 (including $3,939 and $2,627 at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively,
 at fair value)

223,511

193,062

 Loans, net of unearned income

$

647,242

$

648,794

        Allowance
 for loan losses

(30,115

)

(40,655

)

 Total loans, net

$

617,127

$

608,139

 Goodwill

25,413

26,152

 Intangible assets (other than MSRs)

6,600

7,504

 Mortgage servicing rights (MSRs)

2,569

4,554

 Other assets (including $11,241
 and $19,530 as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, at fair
 value)

148,911

163,778

 Total assets

   $

1,873,878

 $

1,913,902

     The following
table presents certain assets of consolidated variable interest entities (VIEs),
which are included in the Consolidated Balance Sheet above. The assets in the
table below include only those assets that can be used to settle obligations of
consolidated VIEs on the following page, and are in excess of those obligations.
Additionally, the assets in the table below include third-party assets of
consolidated VIEs only, and exclude intercompany balances that eliminate in
consolidation.

December 31,

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

 Assets of consolidated VIEs that can only be
 used to settle obligations of consolidated VIEs

 Cash and due
 from banks

$

536

$

799

 Trading account
 assets

567

6,509

 Investments

10,582

7,946

 Loans, net of
 unearned income

        Consumer
 (including $1,292 and $1,718 as of December 31, 2011 and December 31,
 2010, respectively, fair value)

103,275

117,768

        Corporate
 (including $198 and $425 as of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010,
 respectively, fair value)

23,780

23,537

 Loans, net of
 unearned income

$

127,055

$

141,305

        Allowance
 for loan losses

(8,000

)

(11,346

)

 Total loans,
 net

$

119,055

$

129,959

 Other assets

859

680

 Total assets of
 consolidated VIEs that can only be used to settle obligations of
 consolidated VIEs

$

131,599

$

145,893

Statement continues on the next
page.

132

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET

Citigroup Inc. and Subsidiaries

 (Continued)

December 31,

 In millions of dollars, except
 shares

2011

2010

 Liabilities

 Non-interest-bearing deposits in
 U.S. offices

$

119,437

$

78,268

 Interest-bearing
 deposits in U.S. offices (including $848 and $662 at December 31, 2011 and
 2010, respectively, at fair value)

223,851

225,731

 Non-interest-bearing deposits in
 offices outside the U.S.

57,357

55,066

 Interest-bearing deposits in offices outside the
 U.S. (including $478 and $603 at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively,
 at fair value)

465,291

485,903

 Total deposits

$

865,936

$

844,968

 Federal funds
 purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase
 (including $112,770

        and
 $121,193 as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, at fair
 value)

198,373

189,558

 Brokerage payables

56,696

51,749

 Trading account
 liabilities

126,082

129,054

 Short-term borrowings (including
 $1,354 and $2,429 at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, at fair
 value)

54,441

78,790

 Long-term debt
 (including $24,172 and $25,997 at December 31, 2011 and 2010,
 respectively, at fair value)

323,505

381,183

 Other liabilities (including $3,742 and $9,710 as
 of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, at fair value)

69,272

72,811

 Total
 liabilities

$

1,694,305

$

1,748,113

 Stockholders’ equity

 Preferred stock
 ($1.00 par value; authorized shares: 30 million), issued shares:

12,038 at December 31, 2011 

and December 31,
 2010, at

        aggregate
 liquidation value

$

312

$

312

 Common stock ($0.01 par value;
 authorized shares: 6 billion), issued shares: 
2,937,755,921 at December 31, 2011

        and
 2,922,401,623 at December 31, 2010

29

29

 Additional
 paid-in capital

105,804

101,287

 Retained earnings

90,520

79,559

 Treasury stock,
 at cost: 
2011—13,877,688 shares 

and
 2010—16,565,572 shares

(1,071

)

(1,442

)

 Accumulated other comprehensive income
 (loss)

(17,788

)

(16,277

)

 Total Citigroup stockholders’ equity

$

177,806

$

163,468

 Noncontrolling interest

1,767

2,321

 Total equity

$

179,573

$

165,789

 Total liabilities and equity

$

1,873,878

$

1,913,902

     The following
table presents certain liabilities of consolidated VIEs, which are included in
the Consolidated Balance Sheet above. The liabilities in the table below include
third-party liabilities of consolidated VIEs only, and exclude intercompany
balances that eliminate in consolidation. The liabilities also exclude amounts
where creditors or beneficial interest holders have recourse to the general
credit of Citigroup.

December 31,

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

 Liabilities of consolidated VIEs for which creditors
 or beneficial interest holders do not have recourse to the

        general
 credit of Citigroup

 Short-term borrowings

$

21,009

$

22,046

 Long-term debt
 (including $1,558 and $3,942 as of December 31, 2011 and December 31,
 2010, respectively, fair value)

50,451

69,710

 Other liabilities

587

813

 Total liabilities of consolidated VIEs for which
 creditors or beneficial interest holders do not

        have
 recourse to the general credit of Citigroup

$

72,047

$

92,569

See Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

133

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’
 EQUITY

Citigroup Inc. and Subsidiaries

Year ended December
31,

Amounts

Shares

 In millions of dollars, except
 shares in thousands

2011

2010

2009

2011

2010

2009

 Preferred stock at aggregate liquidation value

 Balance,
 beginning of year

$

312

$

312

$

70,664

12

12

829

 Redemption or retirement of preferred stock

—

—

(74,005

)

—

—

(824

)

 Issuance of new
 preferred stock

—

—

3,530

—

—

7

 Preferred stock Series H discount
 accretion

—

—

123

—

—

—

 Balance, end of year

$

312

$

312

$

312

12

12

12

 Common stock and additional paid-in capital

 Balance,
 beginning of year

$

101,316

$

98,428

$

19,222

2,922,402

2,862,610

567,174

 Employee benefit plans

766

(736

)

(4,395

)

3,540

46,703

—

 Conversion of
 preferred stock to common stock

—

—

61,963

—

—

1,737,259

 Reset of convertible preferred stock conversion price

—

—

1,285

—

—

—

 Issuance of
 shares and T-DECs for TARP repayment

—

—

20,298

—

1,270

558,177

 Issuance of TARP-related warrants

—

—

88

—

—

—

 ADIA Upper Decs
 Equity Units Purchase Contract

3,750

3,750

—

11,781

11,781

—

 Other

1

(126

)

(33

)

33

38

—

 Balance, end of year

$

105,833

$

101,316

$

98,428

2,937,756

2,922,402

2,862,610

 Retained earnings

 Balance,
 beginning of year

$

79,559

$

77,440

$

86,521

 Adjustment to opening balance, net
 of taxes (1) (2) 

—

(8,483

)

413

 Adjusted balance, beginning of period

$

79,559

$

68,957

$

86,934

 Citigroup’s net income (loss)

11,067

10,602

(1,606

)

 Common dividends
 (3)

(81

)

10

(36

)

 Preferred dividends

(26

)

(9

)

(3,202

)

 Preferred stock
 Series H discount accretion

—

—

(123

)

 Reset of convertible preferred stock conversion price

—

—

(1,285

)

 Conversion of
 preferred stock to common stock

—

—

(3,242

)

 Other

1

(1

)

—

 Balance, end of year

$

90,520

$

79,559

$

77,440

 Treasury stock, at cost

 Balance,
 beginning of year

$

(1,442

)

$

(4,543

)

$

(9,582

)

(16,566

)

(14,283

)

(22,168

)

 Issuance of shares pursuant to employee benefit plans

372

3,106

5,020

2,714

(2,128

)

7,925

 Treasury stock
 acquired (4)

(1

)

(6

)

(3

)

(26

)

(162

)

(97

)

 Other

—

1

22

—

7

57

 Balance, end of year

$

(1,071

)

$

(1,442

)

$

(4,543

)

(13,878

)

(16,566

)

(14,283

)

Statement continues on the next
page.

134

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
 CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

Citigroup Inc. and
 Subsidiaries

 (Continued)

Year ended December
31,

Amounts

Shares

 In millions of dollars, except shares in
 thousands

2011

2010

2009

       2011

       2010

       2009

 Accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss)

 Balance, beginning of year

$

(16,277

)

$

(18,937

)

$

(25,195

)

 Adjustment to opening balance, net of taxes
 (2)

—

—

(413

)

 Adjusted balance, beginning of year

$

(16,277

)

$

(18,937

)

$

(25,608

)

 Net change in unrealized gains
 and losses on investment securities, net of taxes

2,360

1,952

5,713

 Net change in cash flow hedges, net of
 taxes

(170

)

532

2,007

 Net change in foreign currency
 translation adjustment, net of taxes and hedges

(3,524

)

820

(203

)

 Pension
 liability adjustment, net of taxes (5)

(177

)

(644

)

(846

)

 Net change in 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

        before
 attribution of noncontrolling interest

$

(1,511

)

$

2,660

$

6,671

 Balance, end of
 year

$

(17,788

)

$

(16,277

)

$

(18,937

)

 Total Citigroup
 common stockholders’ equity and

        common
 shares outstanding

$

177,494

$

163,156

$

152,388

2,923,878

2,905,836

2,848,327

 Total Citigroup stockholders’ equity

$

177,806

$

163,468

$

152,700

 Noncontrolling
 interest

 Balance, beginning of year

$

2,321

$

2,273

$

2,392

        Initial
 origination of a noncontrolling interest

28

412

285

        Transactions
 between noncontrolling-interest

               shareholders
 and the related consolidated subsidiary

—

—

(134

)

        Transactions
 between Citigroup and the noncontrolling-interest shareholders

(274

)

(231

)

(354

)

        Net
 income attributable to noncontrolling-interest shareholders

148

281

95

        Dividends
 paid to noncontrolling-interest shareholders

(67

)

(99

)

(17

)

        Accumulated
 other comprehensive income—net change in unrealized gains and

               losses
 on investment securities, net of tax

(5

)

1

5

        Accumulated
 other comprehensive income (loss)—net change

               in
 FX translation adjustment, net of tax

(87

)

(27

)

39

        All
 other

(297

)

(289

)

(38

)

 Net change in noncontrolling interests

$

(554

)

$

48

$

(119

)

 Balance, end of year

$

1,767

$

2,321

$

2,273

 Total equity

$

179,573

$

165,789

$

154,973

 Comprehensive income
 (loss)

 Net income (loss) before
 attribution of noncontrolling interests

$

11,215

$

10,883

$

(1,511

)

 Net change in

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

(1,603

)

2,634

6,715

 Total comprehensive income (loss)

$

9,612

$

13,517

$

5,204

 Comprehensive income
 (loss) attributable to the

        noncontrolling
 interests

$

56

$

255

$

139

 Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to
 Citigroup

$

9,556

$

13,262

$

5,065

 (1)

The adjustment to the
 opening balance for 
Retained
 earnings 

in 2010 represents the
 cumulative effect of initially adopting ASC 810, 
Consolidation 

(SFAS 167) and ASU 2010-11 (Scope Exception Related to Embedded
 Credit Derivatives). See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

 (2)

The adjustment to the
 opening balances for 
Retained
 earnings 

and 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

in 2009 represents the cumulative
 effect of initially adopting ASC 320-10-35-34 (FSP FAS 115-2 and FAS
 124-2). See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

 (3)

Common dividends in 2010
 represent a reversal of dividends accrued on forfeitures of previously
 issued but unvested employee stock awards related to employees who have
 left Citigroup. Common dividends declared were as follows: $0.01 per share
 in the second, third and fourth quarters of 2011; $0.01 per share in the
 first quarter of 2009.

 (4)

All open market repurchases
 were transacted under an existing authorized share repurchase plan and
 relate to customer fails/errors.

 (5)

Reflects adjustments to the
 funded status of pension and postretirement plans, which is the difference
 between the fair value of the plan assets and the projected benefit
 obligation. See Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

See Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

135

 CONSOLIDATED
 STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

     Citigroup Inc. and
 Subsidiaries

Year ended December 31,

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Cash flows from operating activities of continuing
 operations

 Net income
 (loss) before attribution of noncontrolling interests

$

11,215

$

10,883

$

(1,511

)

 Net income attributable to
 noncontrolling interests

148

281

95

 Citigroup’s
 net income (loss)

$

11,067

$

10,602

$

(1,606

)

        Income (loss) from
 discontinued operations, net of taxes

17

215

(402

)

        Gain (loss) on sale, net of
 taxes

95

(283

)

(43

)

 Income (loss) from continuing operations—excluding noncontrolling
 interests

$

10,955

$

10,670

$

(1,161

)

 Adjustments
 to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating
 activities of

        continuing
 operations

        Amortization
 of deferred policy acquisition costs and present value of future
 profits

$

250

$

302

$

434

 (Additions)/reductions to deferred policy acquisition
 costs

(54

)

(98

)

(461

)

        Depreciation
 and amortization

2,872

2,664

2,853

        Deferred tax
 benefit

(74

)

(964

)

(7,709

)

        Provision for
 credit losses

11,824

25,077

39,004

        Change in
 trading account assets

25,538

15,601

25,864

        Change in
 trading account liabilities

(2,972

)

(8,458

)

(25,382

)

        Change in
 federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements
 to resell

(29,132

)

(24,695

)

(43,726

)

        Change in
 federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to
 repurchase

8,815

35,277

(47,669

)

        Change in
 brokerage receivables net of brokerage payables

8,383

(6,676

)

1,847

        Realized
 gains from sales of investments

(1,997

)

(2,411

)

(1,996

)

        Change in
 loans held-for-sale

1,021

2,483

(1,711

)

        Other,
 net

9,312

(13,086

)

5,203

 Total adjustments

$

33,786

$

25,016

$

(53,449

)

 Net cash provided by (used in)
 operating activities of continuing operations

$

44,741

$

35,686

$

(54,610

)

 Cash flows
 from investing activities of continuing operations

 Change in deposits with banks

$

6,653

$

4,977

$

2,519

 Change in
 loans

(11,559

)

60,730

(148,651

)

 Proceeds from sales and securitizations of loans

10,022

9,918

241,367

 Purchases of
 investments

(314,250

)

(406,046

)

(281,115

)

 Proceeds from sales of investments

182,566

183,688

85,395

 Proceeds from
 maturities of investments

139,959

189,814

133,614

 Capital expenditures on premises and equipment and capitalized
 software

(3,448

)

(2,363

)

(2,264

)

 Proceeds from sales of premises and
 equipment, subsidiaries and affiliates, and repossessed assets

1,323

2,619

6,303

 Net cash provided by (used in)
 investing activities of continuing operations

$

11,266

$

43,337

$

37,168

 Cash flows
 from financing activities of continuing operations

 Dividends paid

$

(107

)

$

(9

)

$

(3,237

)

 Issuance of
 common stock

—

—

17,514

 Issuances of T-DECs—APIC

—

—

2,784

 Issuance of ADIA
 Upper Decs equity units purchase contract

3,750

3,750

—

 Treasury stock acquired

(1

)

(6

)

(3

)

 Stock tendered
 for payment of withholding taxes

(230

)

(806

)

(120

)

 Issuance of long-term debt

30,242

33,677

110,088

 Payments and
 redemptions of long-term debt

(89,091

)

(75,910

)

(123,743

)

 Change in deposits

23,858

9,065

61,718

 Change in short-term
 borrowings

(25,067

)

(47,189

)

(51,995

)

 Net cash (used in) provided by
 financing activities of continuing operations

$

(56,646

)

$

(77,428

)

$

13,006

 Effect of exchange rate changes on
 cash and cash equivalents

$

(1,301

)

$

691

$

632

 Discontinued operations

 Net cash provided by (used in)
 discontinued operations

$

2,669

$

214

$

23

 Change in cash and due from banks

$

729

$

2,500

$

(3,781

)

 Cash and due from banks at
 beginning of period

27,972

25,472

29,253

 Cash and due from banks at end
 of period

$

28,701

$

27,972

$

25,472

 Supplemental
 disclosure of cash flow information for continuing
operations

 Cash paid/(received) during the year for income taxes

$

2,705

$

4,307

$

(289

)

 Cash paid during the year for
 interest

$

21,230

$

23,209

$

28,389

 Non-cash investing activities

 Transfers to
 OREO and other repossessed assets

$

1,284

$

2,595

$

2,880

 Transfers to trading account assets from investments
 (available-for-sale)

—

12,001

—

 Transfers to trading account assets
 from investments (held-to-maturity)

$

12,700

$

—

$

—

See Notes to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

136

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT
ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Principles of
Consolidation

The Consolidated Financial
Statements include the accounts of Citigroup and its subsidiaries. The Company
consolidates subsidiaries in which it holds, directly or indirectly, more than
50% of the voting rights or where it exercises control. Entities where the
Company holds 20% to 50% of the voting rights and/or has the ability to exercise
significant influence, other than investments of designated venture capital
subsidiaries, or investments accounted for at fair value under the fair value
option, are accounted for under the equity method, and the pro rata share of
their income (loss) is included in 
Other
revenue

. Income from investments in less than
20%-owned companies is recognized when dividends are received. As discussed
below, Citigroup consolidates entities deemed to be variable interest entities
when Citigroup is determined to be the primary beneficiary. Gains and losses on
the disposition of branches, subsidiaries, affiliates, buildings, and other
investments are included in 
Other
revenue.

Throughout
these Notes, “Citigroup”, “Citi” and “the Company” refer to Citigroup Inc. and
its consolidated subsidiaries.

Certain reclassifications have been made
to the prior-periods’ financial statements and notes to conform to the current
period’s presentation.

Citibank, N.A.

Citibank, N.A. is a commercial bank and wholly owned
subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. Citibank’s principal offerings include: Consumer
finance, mortgage lending, and retail banking products and services; investment
banking, commercial banking, cash management, trade finance and e-commerce
products and services; and private banking products and services.

Variable Interest
Entities

An entity is referred to as a
variable interest entity (VIE) if it meets the criteria outlined in ASC 810,

Consolidation

 (formerly SFAS No. 167, 
Amendments to
FASB Interpretation No. 46(R)

)

(SFAS 167), which are: (1)
the entity has equity that is insufficient to permit the entity to finance its
activities without additional subordinated financial support from other parties;
or (2) the entity has equity investors that cannot make significant decisions
about the entity’s operations or that do not absorb their proportionate share of
the entity’s expected losses or expected returns.

Prior to
January 1, 2010, the Company consolidated a VIE if it had a majority of the
expected losses or a majority of the expected residual returns or both. As of
January 1, 2010, when the Company adopted SFAS 167’s amendments to the VIE
consolidation guidance, the Company consolidates a VIE when it has both the
power to direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic
success and a right to receive benefits or absorb losses of the entity that
could be potentially significant to the VIE (that is, it is the primary
beneficiary).

Along with the VIEs that are consolidated
in accordance with these guidelines, the Company has variable interests in other
VIEs that are not consolidated because the Company is not the primary
beneficiary. These include multi-seller finance companies, certain
collateralized debt obligations (CDOs), many structured finance transactions,
and various investment funds.

However, these VIEs as well as all other
unconsolidated VIEs are continually monitored by the Company to determine if any
events have occurred that could cause its primary beneficiary status to change.
These events include:

 additional purchases or sales of variable
 interests by Citigroup or an 
unrelated third
 party, which cause Citigroup’s overall variable interest ownership to change; 

changes in contractual arrangements in a manner
 that reallocates 
expected losses and residual
 returns among the variable interest holders; 

changes in the party that has power to direct
 activities of a VIE that most 
significantly
 impact the entity’s economic performance; and 

providing support to an entity that results in an
 implicit variable interest. 

All other entities not deemed to be VIEs with which the Company has
involvement are evaluated for consolidation under other subtopics of ASC 810
(formerly Accounting Research Bulletin (ARB) No. 51, 

Consolidated Financial Statements

,
SFAS No. 94, 
Consolidation of All
Majority-Owned Subsidiaries

, and EITF Issue
No. 04-5, “Determining Whether a General Partner, or the General Partners as a
Group, Controls a Limited Partnership or Similar Entity When the Limited
Partners Have Certain Rights”).

Foreign Currency
Translation

Assets and liabilities of
foreign operations are translated from their respective functional currencies
into U.S. dollars using period-end spot foreign-exchange rates. The effects of
those translation adjustments are reported in a separate component of
stockholders’ equity, along with related hedge and tax effects, until realized
upon sale or liquidation of the foreign operation. Revenues and expenses of
foreign operations are translated monthly from their respective functional
currencies into U.S. dollars at amounts that approximate weighted average
exchange rates.

For transactions whose terms are denominated in a currency
other than the functional currency, including transactions denominated in the
local currencies of foreign operations with the U.S. dollar as their functional
currency, the effects of changes in exchange rates are primarily included in

Principal transactions

, along with the related hedge effects. Instruments used to
hedge foreign currency exposures include foreign currency forward, option and
swap contracts and designated issues of non-U.S. dollar debt. Foreign operations
in countries with highly inflationary economies designate the U.S. dollar as
their functional currency, with the effects of changes in exchange rates
primarily included in 
Other
revenue

.

137

Investment
Securities

Investments include fixed
income and equity securities. Fixed income instruments include bonds, notes and
redeemable preferred stocks, as well as certain loan-backed and structured
securities that are subject to prepayment risk. Equity securities include common
and nonredeemable preferred stock.

Investment securities are classified and accounted for as
follows:

 Fixed income securities classified as
 “held-to-maturity” represent 
securities that
 the Company has both the ability and the intent to hold 
until maturity, and are carried at amortized cost. Interest
 income on such 
securities is included in

Interest revenue

. 

Fixed income securities and marketable equity
 securities classified 
as “available-for-sale”
 are carried at fair value with changes in fair value reported in a separate component of 
Stockholders’ equity

, net of

applicable income taxes. As described in more detail
 in Note 15 to the 
Consolidated Financial
 Statements, credit-related declines in fair value 
that are determined to be other–than-temporary are recorded in
 earnings 
immediately. Realized gains and losses
 on sales are included in income 
primarily on a
 specific identification cost basis. Interest and dividend income on such securities is included in 
Interest revenue

. 

Venture capital investments held by Citigroup’s
 private equity subsidiaries 
that are considered
 investment companies are carried at fair value with 
changes in fair value reported in 
Other revenue

. These
 subsidiaries 
include entities registered as
 Small Business Investment Companies and engage
 exclusively in venture capital activities. 

Certain investments in non-marketable equity
 securities and certain investments that would
 otherwise have been accounted for using the 
equity method are carried at fair value, since the Company has elected
 to 
apply fair value accounting. Changes in fair
 value of such investments are 
recorded in
 earnings. 

Certain non-marketable equity securities are
 carried at cost and 
periodically assessed for
 other-than-temporary impairment, as set out in 
Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

For investments in fixed income securities classified as held-to-maturity
or available-for-sale, accrual of interest income is suspended for investments
that are in default or on which it is likely that future interest payments will
not be made as scheduled.

The Company uses a number of valuation
techniques for investments carried at fair value, which are described in Note 25
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. Realized gains and losses on sales of
investments are included in income.

Trading Account Assets and
Liabilities

Trading account
assets

 include debt and marketable equity
securities, derivatives in a receivable position, residual interests in
securitizations and physical commodities inventory. In addition (as described in
Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements), certain assets that Citigroup
has elected to carry at fair value under the fair value option, such as loans
and purchased guarantees, are also included in 
Trading account assets

.

Trading account liabilities

include securities sold, not yet purchased (short positions), and derivatives in
a net payable position, as well as certain liabilities that Citigroup has
elected to carry at fair value (as described in Note 26 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements).

Other than physical commodities inventory,
all trading account assets and liabilities are carried at fair value. Revenues
generated from trading assets and trading liabilities are generally reported in

Principal transactions

 and include realized gains and losses as well as unrealized
gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of such instruments.
Interest income on trading assets is recorded in 
Interest revenue

 reduced by interest
expense on trading liabilities.

Physical commodities inventory is carried
at the lower of cost or market with related losses reported in 
Principal transactions

.
Realized gains and losses on sales of commodities inventory are included in

Principal transactions

.

Derivatives used for trading purposes include interest rate,
currency, equity, credit, and commodity swap agreements, options, caps and
floors, warrants, and financial and commodity futures and forward contracts.
Derivative asset and liability positions are presented net by counterparty on
the Consolidated Balance Sheet when a valid master netting agreement exists and
the other conditions set out in ASC 210-20, 
Balance Sheet—Offsetting

 are
met.

The Company uses a number of techniques to determine the fair value of
trading assets and liabilities, which are described in Note 25 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Securities Borrowed and Securities
Loaned

Securities borrowing and lending
transactions generally do not constitute a sale of the underlying securities for
accounting purposes, and so are treated as collateralized financing transactions
when the transaction involves the exchange of cash. Such transactions are
recorded at the amount of cash advanced or received plus accrued interest. As
described in Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company has
elected to apply fair value accounting to a number of securities borrowing and
lending transactions. Irrespective of whether the Company has elected fair value
accounting, fees paid or received for all securities lending and borrowing
transactions are recorded in 
Interest expense

or 
Interest
revenue

 at the contractually specified
rate.

With respect to securities borrowed or loaned, the Company monitors the
market value of securities borrowed or loaned on a daily basis and obtains or
posts additional collateral in order to maintain contractual margin
protection.

As described in Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, the Company uses a discounted cash flow technique to determine the
fair value of securities lending and borrowing transactions.

Repurchase and Resale
Agreements

Securities sold under
agreements to repurchase (repos) and securities purchased under agreements to
resell (reverse repos) generally do not constitute a sale for accounting
purposes of the underlying securities and so 

138

are treated as collateralized financing
transactions. As set out in Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements,
the Company has elected to apply fair value accounting to a majority of such
transactions, with changes in fair value reported in earnings. Any transactions
for which fair value accounting has not been elected are recorded at the amount
of cash advanced or received plus accrued interest. Irrespective of whether the
Company has elected fair value accounting, interest paid or received on all repo
and reverse repo transactions is recorded in 
Interest expense

 or 
Interest revenue

 at the
contractually specified rate.

Where the conditions of ASC 210-20-45-11, 
Balance Sheet—Offsetting: Repurchase and Reverse Repurchase
Agreements

, are met, repos and reverse repos
are presented net on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

The
Company’s policy is to take possession of securities purchased under reverse
repurchase agreements. The Company monitors the market value of securities
subject to repurchase or resale on a daily basis and obtains or posts additional
collateral in order to maintain contractual margin protection.

As
described in Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company uses
a discounted cash flow technique to determine the fair value of repo and reverse
repo transactions. See related discussion of the assessment of the effective
control for repurchase agreements in “Future Application of Accounting
Standards” below.

Repurchase and Resale Agreements,
and Securities Lending and Borrowing Agreements, Accounted for as
Sales

Where certain conditions are met
under ASC 860-10, 
Transfers and
Servicing

 (formerly FASB Statement No.
166,
 Accounting for Transfers of Financial
Assets

), the Company accounts for certain
repurchase agreements and securities lending agreements as sales. The key
distinction resulting in these agreements being accounted for as sales is a
reduction in initial margin or restriction in daily maintenance margin. At
December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, a nominal amount of these transactions
were accounted for as sales that reduced 
Trading account assets

.

Loans

Loans are reported at their outstanding principal balances net
of any unearned income and unamortized deferred fees and costs except that
credit card receivable balances also include accrued interest and fees. Loan
origination fees and certain direct origination costs are generally deferred and
recognized as adjustments to income over the lives of the related
loans.

As described in Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, Citi
has elected fair value accounting for certain loans. Such loans are carried at
fair value with changes in fair value reported in earnings. Interest income on
such loans is recorded in 
Interest
revenue

 at the contractually specified
rate.

Loans for which the fair value option has not been elected are classified
upon origination or acquisition as either held-for-investment or held-for-sale.
This classification is based on management’s initial intent and ability with
regard to those loans.

Loans that are held-for-investment are classified as 

Loans, net of unearned income

 on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and the related cash flows are
included within the cash flows from investing activities category in the
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows on the line 
Change in loans

. However, when the
initial intent for holding a loan has changed from held-for-investment to
held-for-sale, the loan is reclassified to held-for-sale, but the related cash
flows continue to be reported in cash flows from investing activities in the
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows on the line 
Proceeds from sales and securitizations of loans

.

Consumer loans

Consumer loans represent loans and leases managed primarily by
the
 Global Consumer Banking

 and 
Local Consumer
Lending

 businesses.

Non-accrual and re-aging
policies

As a general rule, interest
accrual ceases for installment and real estate (both open- and closed-end) loans
when payments are 90 days contractually past due. For credit cards and unsecured
revolving loans, however, Citi generally accrues interest until payments are 180
days past due. Loans that have been modified to grant a short-term or long-term
concession to a borrower who is in financial difficulty may not be accruing
interest at the time of the modification. The policy for returning such modified
loans to accrual status varies by product and/or region. In most cases, a
minimum number of payments (ranging from one to six) are required, while in
other cases the loan is never returned to accrual status.

For U.S.
Consumer loans, one of the conditions to qualify for modification is that a
minimum number of payments (typically ranging from one to three) must be made.
Upon modification, the loan is re-aged to current status. However, re-aging
practices for certain open-ended Consumer loans, such as credit cards, are
governed by Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council (FFIEC)
guidelines. For open-ended Consumer loans subject to FFIEC guidelines, one of
the conditions for the loan to be re-aged to current status is that at least
three consecutive minimum monthly payments, or the equivalent amount, must be
received. In addition, under FFIEC guidelines, the number of times that such a
loan can be re-aged is subject to limitations (generally once in twelve months
and twice in five years). Furthermore, Federal Housing Administration (FHA) and
Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) loans are modified under those respective
agencies’ guidelines and payments are not always required in order to re-age a
modified loan to current.

Charge-off policies

Citi’s charge-off policies follow the general guidelines
below:

 Unsecured installment loans are charged off at 120
 days past due. 

Unsecured revolving loans and credit card loans
 are charged off at 180 
days contractually past
 due. 

Loans secured with non-real estate collateral are
 written down to the 
estimated value of the
 collateral, less costs to sell, at 120 days past due. 

Real estate-secured loans are written down to the
 estimated value of the 
property, less costs to
 sell, at 180 days contractually past due. 

139

 Non-bank loans secured by real estate are written
 down to the estimated 
value of the property,
 less costs to sell, at the earlier of the receipt of title or 
12 months in foreclosure (a process that must commence when
 payments 
are 120 days contractually past
 due).

Non-bank auto loans are written down to the
 estimated value of the collateral, less costs to sell, at repossession or, if
 repossession is not pursued, no later than 180 days contractually past
 due. 

Non-bank unsecured personal loans are charged off
 when the loan is 180 days contractually past due if there have been no
 payments within the last six months, but in no event can these loans exceed
 360 days contractually past due.

Unsecured loans in bankruptcy are charged off
 within 60 days of notification of filing by the bankruptcy court or in
 accordance with Citi’s charge-off policy, whichever occurs earlier. 

Real estate-secured loans in bankruptcy are
 written down to the estimated value of the property, less costs to sell, at
 the later of 60 days after notification or 60 days contractually past
 due. 

Non-bank unsecured personal loans in bankruptcy
 are charged off when they are 30 days contractually past due. 

Commercial market loans are written down to the
 extent that principal is judged to be uncollectable.

Corporate loans

Corporate loans represent loans and leases managed by

ICG

 or the

Special Asset Pool

. Corporate loans are identified as impaired and placed on a cash
(non-accrual) basis when it is determined, based on actual experience and a
forward-looking assessment of the collectability of the loan in full, that the
payment of interest or principal is doubtful or when interest or principal is 90
days past due, except when the loan is well collateralized and in the process of
collection. Any interest accrued on impaired Corporate loans and leases is
reversed at 90 days and charged against current earnings, and interest is
thereafter included in earnings only to the extent actually received in cash.
When there is doubt regarding the ultimate collectability of principal, all cash
receipts are thereafter applied to reduce the recorded investment in the
loan.

Impaired
Corporate loans and leases are written down to the extent that principal is
judged to be uncollectable. Impaired collateral-dependent loans and leases,
where repayment is expected to be provided solely by the sale of the underlying
collateral and there are no other available and reliable sources of repayment,
are written down to the lower of cost or collateral value. Cash-basis loans are
returned to an accrual status when all contractual principal and interest
amounts are reasonably assured of repayment and there is a sustained period of
repayment performance in accordance with the contractual terms.

Loans
Held-for-Sale

Corporate and Consumer loans
that have been identified for sale are classified as loans held-for-sale
included in 
Other assets

. The practice of the U.S. prime mortgage business has been to
sell substantially all of its conforming loans. As such, U.S. prime mortgage
conforming loans are classified as held-for-sale and the fair value option is
elected at the time of origination. With the exception of these loans for which
the fair value option has been elected, held-for-sale loans are accounted for at
the lower of cost or market value, with any write-downs or subsequent recoveries
charged to 
Other revenue

. The related cash flows are classified in the Consolidated
Statement of Cash Flows in the cash flows from operating activities category on
the line 
Change in loans
held-for-sale

.

Allowance for Loan
Losses

Allowance for loan losses
represents management’s best estimate of probable losses inherent in the
portfolio, as well as probable losses related to large individually evaluated
impaired loans and troubled debt restructurings. Attribution of the allowance is
made for analytical purposes only, and the entire allowance is available to
absorb probable loan losses inherent in the overall portfolio. Additions to the
allowance are made through the 
Provision for
loan losses

. Loan losses are deducted from
the allowance, and subsequent recoveries are added. Assets received in exchange
for loan claims in a restructuring are initially recorded at fair value, with
any gain or loss reflected as a recovery or charge-off to the
allowance.

Corporate loans

In the corporate portfolios, the 
Allowance for loan losses

 includes an
asset-specific component and a statistically based component. The asset-specific
component is calculated under ASC 310-10-35, 
Receivables—Subsequent Measurement

(formerly SFAS 114) on an individual basis for larger-balance, non-homogeneous
loans, which are considered impaired. An asset-specific allowance is established
when the discounted cash flows, collateral value (less disposal costs), or
observable market price of the impaired loan is lower than its carrying value.
This allowance considers the borrower’s overall financial condition, resources,
and payment record, the prospects for support from any financially responsible
guarantors (discussed further below) and, if appropriate, the realizable value
of any collateral. The asset-specific component of the allowance for smaller
balance impaired loans is calculated on a pool basis considering historical loss
experience.

The allowance for the remainder of the loan portfolio is
calculated under ASC 450, 
Contingencies

 (formerly SFAS 5) using
a statistical methodology, supplemented by management judgment. The statistical
analysis considers the portfolio’s size, remaining tenor, and credit quality as
measured by internal risk ratings assigned to individual credit facilities,
which reflect probability of default and loss given default. The statistical
analysis considers historical default rates and historical loss severity in the
event of default, including historical average levels and historical
variability. The result is an estimated range for inherent losses. The best
estimate within the range is then determined by management’s quantitative and
qualitative assessment 

140

of current conditions, including general
economic conditions, specific industry and geographic trends, and internal
factors including portfolio concentrations, trends in internal credit quality
indicators, and current and past underwriting
standards.

For both
the asset-specific and the statistically based components of the 
Allowance for loan losses

,
management may incorporate guarantor support. The financial wherewithal of the
guarantor is evaluated, as applicable, based on net worth, cash flow statements
and personal or company financial statements which are updated and reviewed at
least annually. Citi seeks performance on guarantee arrangements in the normal
course of business. Seeking performance entails obtaining satisfactory
cooperation from the guarantor or borrower to achieve Citi’s strategy in the
specific situation. This regular cooperation is indicative of pursuit and
successful enforcement of the guarantee; the exposure is reduced without the
expense and burden of pursuing a legal remedy. Enforcing a guarantee via legal
action against the guarantor is not the primary means of resolving a troubled
loan situation and rarely occurs. A guarantor’s reputation and willingness to
work with Citigroup is evaluated based on the historical experience with the
guarantor and the knowledge of the marketplace. In the rare event that the
guarantor is unwilling or unable to perform or facilitate borrower cooperation,
Citi pursues a legal remedy. If Citi does not pursue a legal remedy, it is
because Citi does not believe that the guarantor has the financial wherewithal
to perform regardless of legal action or because there are legal limitations on
simultaneously pursuing guarantors and foreclosure. A guarantor’s reputation
does not impact our decision or ability to seek performance under the
guarantee.

In cases where a guarantee is a factor in the assessment of
loan losses, it is included via adjustment to the loan’s internal risk rating,
which in turn is the basis for the adjustment to the statistically based
component of the 
Allowance for loan
losses

. To date, it is only in rare
circumstances that an impaired commercial or commercial real estate (CRE) loan
is carried at a value in excess of the appraised value due to a
guarantee.

When Citi’s monitoring of the loan indicates that the
guarantor’s wherewithal to pay is uncertain or has deteriorated, there is either
no change in the risk rating, because the guarantor’s credit support was never
initially factored in, or the risk rating is adjusted to reflect that
uncertainty or deterioration. Accordingly, a guarantor’s ultimate failure to
perform or a lack of legal enforcement of the guarantee does not materially
impact the allowance for loan losses, as there is typically no further
significant adjustment of the loan’s risk rating at that time. Where Citi is not
seeking performance under the guarantee contract, it provides for loans losses
as if the loans were non-performing and not guaranteed.

Consumer loans

For Consumer loans, each portfolio of non-modified
smaller-balance, homogeneous loans is independently evaluated by product type
(e.g., residential mortgage, credit card, etc.) for impairment in accordance
with ASC 450-20. The allowance for loan losses attributed to these loans is
established via a process that estimates the probable losses inherent in the
specific portfolio. This process includes migration analysis, in which

historical delinquency and credit loss
experience is applied to the current aging of the portfolio, together with
analyses that reflect current and anticipated economic conditions, including
changes in housing prices and unemployment trends. Citi’s allowance for loan
losses under ASC 450-20 only considers contractual principal amounts due, except
for credit card loans where estimated loss amounts related to accrued interest
receivable are also included.

Management also considers overall
portfolio indicators, including historical credit losses, delinquent,
non-performing, and classified loans, trends in volumes and terms of loans, an
evaluation of overall credit quality, the credit process, including lending
policies and procedures, and economic, geographical, product and other
environmental factors.

Separate valuation allowances are
determined for impaired smaller-balance homogeneous loans whose terms have been
modified in a troubled debt restructuring (TDR). Long-term modification programs
as well as short-term (less than 12 months) modifications originated from
January 1, 2011) that provide concessions (such as interest rate reductions) to
borrowers in financial difficulty are reported as TDRs. In addition, loans
included in the U.S. Treasury’s Home Affordable Modification Program (HAMP)
trial period at December 31, 2011 are reported as TDRs. The allowance for loan
losses for TDRs is determined in accordance with ASC 310-10-35 considering all
available evidence, including, as appropriate, the present value of the expected
future cash flows discounted at the loan’s original contractual effective rate,
the secondary market value of the loan and the fair value of collateral less
disposal costs. These expected cash flows incorporate modification program
default rate assumptions. The original contractual effective rate for credit
card loans is the pre-modification rate, which may include interest rate
increases under the original contractual agreement with the borrower.

Where
short-term concessions have been granted prior to January 1, 2011, the allowance
for loan losses is materially consistent with the requirements of ASC
310-10-35.

Valuation allowances for commercial market loans, which are
classifiably managed Consumer loans, are determined in the same manner as for
Corporate loans and are described in more detail in the following section.
Generally, an asset-specific component is calculated under ASC 310-10-35 on an
individual basis for larger-balance, non-homogeneous loans that are considered
impaired and the allowance for the remainder of the classifiably managed
Consumer loan portfolio is calculated under ASC 450 using a statistical
methodology, supplemented by management adjustment.

Reserve Estimates and
Policies

Management provides reserves for
an estimate of probable losses inherent in the funded loan portfolio on the
balance sheet in the form of an allowance for loan losses. These reserves are
established in accordance with Citigroup’s credit reserve policies, as approved
by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Citi’s Chief Risk Officer and
Chief Financial Officer review the adequacy of the credit loss reserves each
quarter with representatives from the risk management and finance staffs for
each applicable business area. Applicable business areas include those having
classifiably managed 

141

portfolios, where internal credit-risk
ratings are assigned (primarily 

Institutional Clients Group

 and

Global Consumer Banking

) or modified Consumer loans, where concessions were granted
due to the borrowers’ financial difficulties.

The above-mentioned representatives covering these
respective business areas present recommended reserve balances for their funded
and unfunded lending portfolios along with supporting quantitative and
qualitative data. The quantitative data include:

 Estimated probable losses for non-performing, non-homogeneous

exposures
 within a business line’s classifiably managed portfolio

and
 impaired smaller-balance homogeneous loans whose terms

have been
 modified due to the borrowers’ financial difficulties, and

it was
 determined that a concession was granted to the borrower

. 
Consideration
 may be given to the following, as appropriate, when 
determining this
 estimate: (i) the present value of expected future cash 
flows discounted at the
 loan’s original effective rate; (ii) the borrower’s 
overall financial
 condition, resources and payment record; and (iii) the 
prospects for support
 from financially responsible guarantors or the 
realizable value of any
 collateral. In the determination of the allowance 
for loan losses for TDRs,
 management considers a combination of 
historical re-default rates, the current
 economic environment and the 
nature of the modification program when
 forecasting expected cash flows. 
When impairment is measured based on the
 present value of expected 
future cash flows, the entire change in present value is
 recorded in the 
Provision for loan losses

.

Statistically calculated losses inherent in the classifiably managed

portfolio
 for performing and de minimis non-performing exposures

. 
The
 calculation is based upon: (i) Citigroup’s internal system of credit-risk 
ratings, which are analogous to the risk ratings of the major rating 
agencies;
 and (ii) historical default and loss data, including rating agency 
information
 regarding default rates from 1983 to 2010 and internal data 
dating to the early
 1970s on severity of losses in the event of default.

Additional adjustments include

: (i) statistically calculated estimates to 
cover the historical fluctuation of the default rates over
 the credit cycle, 
the historical variability of
 loss severity among defaulted loans, and 
the
 degree to which there are large obligor concentrations in the global

portfolio; and (ii) adjustments made for specific
 known items, such as 
current environmental
 factors and credit trends. 

     In addition,
representatives from each of the risk management and finance staffs that cover
business areas with delinquency-managed portfolios containing smaller-balance
homogeneous loans present their recommended reserve balances based upon leading
credit indicators, including loan delinquencies and changes in portfolio size as
well as economic trends, including housing prices, unemployment and GDP. This
methodology is applied separately for each individual product within each
geographic region in which these portfolios exist.

This evaluation process is subject to numerous estimates and judgments.
The frequency of default, risk ratings, loss recovery rates, the size and
diversity of individual large credits, and the ability of borrowers with foreign
currency obligations to obtain the foreign currency necessary for orderly debt
servicing, among other things, are all taken into account during this review.
Changes in these estimates could have a direct impact on the credit costs in any
period and could result in a change in the allowance. Changes to the

Allowance for loan losses

 are recorded in the 
Provision for loan losses.

Allowance for Unfunded Lending
Commitments

A similar approach to the
allowance for loan losses is used for calculating a reserve for the expected
losses related to unfunded loan commitments and standby letters of credit. This
reserve is classified on the balance sheet in 
Other liabilities

. Changes to the
allowance for unfunded lending commitments are recorded in the 
Provision for unfunded lending commitments

.

Mortgage Servicing
Rights

Mortgage servicing rights (MSRs)
are recognized as intangible assets when purchased or when the Company sells or
securitizes loans acquired through purchase or origination and retains the right
to service the loans. Mortgage servicing rights are accounted for at fair value,
with changes in value recorded in Other
Revenue in the Company’s Consolidated
Statement of Income.

Additional information on the Company’s MSRs can be found in Note 22 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Consumer Mortgage—Representations
and Warranties

The majority of Citi’s
exposure to representation and warranty claims relates to its U.S. Consumer
mortgage business within CitiMortgage.

When selling a loan, Citi makes various
representations and warranties relating to, among other things, the
following:

 Citi’s ownership of the loan;

the validity of the lien securing the loan;

the absence of delinquent taxes or liens against
 the property securing 
the loan;

the effectiveness of title insurance on the
 property securing the loan;

the process used in selecting the loans for
 inclusion in a transaction;

the loan’s compliance with any applicable loan
 criteria established by the 
buyer; and

the loan’s compliance with applicable local, state
 and federal laws. 

The specific representations and
warranties made by Citi depend on the nature of the transaction and the
requirements of the buyer. Market conditions and credit rating agency
requirements may also affect representations and warranties and the other
provisions to which Citi may agree in loan sales.

142

     In the event of a breach of these
representations and warranties, Citi may be required to either repurchase the
mortgage loans with the identified defects (generally at unpaid principal
balance plus accrued interest) or indemnify (“make-whole”) the investors for
their losses. Citi’s representations and warranties are generally not subject to
stated limits in amount or time of coverage.

In the case of a repurchase, Citi will bear any
subsequent credit loss on the mortgage loan and the loan is typically considered
a credit-impaired loan and accounted for under SOP 03-3, “Accounting for Certain
Loans and Debt Securities Acquired in a Transfer” (now incorporated into ASC
310-30, 
Receivables—Loans and Debt Securities
Acquired with Deteriorated Credit Quality

)
(SOP 03-3). These repurchases have not had a material impact on Citi’s
non-performing loan statistics because credit-impaired purchased SOP 03-3 loans
are not included in non-accrual loans, since they generally continue to accrue
interest until write-off. Citi’s repurchases have primarily been from the U.S.
government sponsored entities (GSEs).

Citi has recorded a reserve for its
exposure to losses from the obligation to repurchase previously sold loans
(referred to as the repurchase reserve) that is included in 
Other liabilities

 in the
Consolidated Balance Sheet. In estimating the repurchase reserve, Citi considers
reimbursements estimated to be received from third-party correspondent lenders
and indemnification agreements relating to previous acquisitions of mortgage
servicing rights. The estimated reimbursements are based on Citi’s analysis of
its most recent collection trends and the financial solvency of the
correspondents.

In the case of a repurchase of a credit-impaired SOP 03-3
loan, the difference between the loan’s fair value and unpaid principal balance
at the time of the repurchase is recorded as a utilization of the repurchase
reserve. Make-whole payments to the investor are also treated as utilizations
and charged directly against the reserve. The repurchase reserve is estimated
when Citi sells loans (recorded as an adjustment to the gain on sale, which is
included in 
Other revenue

 in the Consolidated Statement of Income) and is updated
quarterly. Any change in estimate is recorded in 
Other revenue

.

The
repurchase reserve is calculated by individual sales vintage (i.e., the year the
loans were sold) and is based on various assumptions. These assumptions contain
a level of uncertainty and risk that, if different from actual results, could
have a material impact on the reserve amount. The most significant assumptions
used to calculate the reserve levels are as follows:

 loan documentation requests;

repurchase claims as a percentage of loan
 documentation requests;

claims appeal success rate; and

estimated loss per repurchase or
 make-whole. 

Securities and Banking-Sponsored Legacy Private
Label
Residential Mortgage Securitizations—Representations
and Warranties

Legacy
mortgage securitizations sponsored by Citi’s S&B business have represented a much smaller portion of
Citi’s mortgage business.

The
mortgages included in S&B-sponsored legacy securitizations were purchased from parties outside of 
S&B.
Representations and warranties relating to the mortgage loans included in each trust issuing the securities were made either
by Citi, by third-party sellers (which were also often the originators of the loans), or both. These representations and
warranties were generally made or assigned to the issuing trust and related to, among other things, the following:

 the absence of fraud on the part of the borrower,
 the seller or any 
appraiser, broker or other
 party involved in the origination of the 
mortgage (which was sometimes wholly or partially limited to the

knowledge of the representation and warranty provider);

whether the mortgage property was occupied by the
 borrower as his or her 
principal
 residence;

the mortgage’s compliance with applicable
 federal, state and 
local laws;

whether the mortgage was originated in
 conformity with the 
originator’s underwriting
 guidelines; and

detailed data concerning the mortgages that were
 included on the 
mortgage loan schedule.

In the event of a breach of its representations and warranties, Citi may
be required either to repurchase the mortgage with the identified defects
(generally at unpaid principal balance plus accrued interest) or indemnify the
investors for their losses through make-whole payments.

To date, Citi has received actual claims
for breaches of representations and warranties relating to only a small
percentage of the mortgages included in these securitization
transactions, although the pace of claims remains volatile and has recently increased.

Goodwill

Goodwill

 represents the
excess of acquisition cost over the fair value of net tangible and intangible
assets acquired. Goodwill is subject to annual impairment tests, whereby
Goodwill is allocated to the Company’s reporting units and an impairment is
deemed to exist if the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated
fair value. Furthermore, on any business dispositions, Goodwill is allocated to
the business disposed of based on the ratio of the fair value of the business
disposed of to the fair value of the reporting unit.

Intangible
Assets

Intangible
assets

—including core deposit intangibles,
present value of future profits, purchased credit card relationships, other
customer relationships, and other intangible assets, but excluding MSRs—are
amortized over their estimated useful lives. Intangible assets deemed to have
indefinite useful lives, primarily certain asset management contracts

 143

and trade names, are not amortized and are
subject to annual impairment tests. An impairment exists if the carrying value
of the indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value. For other
Intangible assets subject to amortization, an impairment is recognized if the
carrying amount is not recoverable and exceeds the fair value of the Intangible
asset.

Other Assets and Other
Liabilities

Other
assets

 include, among other items, loans
held-for-sale, deferred tax assets, equity-method investments, interest and fees
receivable, premises and equipment, repossessed assets, and other receivables.

Other liabilities

 include, among other items, accrued expenses and other payables,
deferred tax liabilities, and reserves for legal claims, taxes, unfunded lending
commitments, repositioning reserves, and other matters.

Other Real Estate Owned and
Repossessed Assets

Real estate or other
assets received through foreclosure or repossession are generally reported in

Other assets

, net of a valuation allowance for selling costs and net of subsequent
declines in fair value.

Securitizations

The Company
primarily securitizes credit card receivables and mortgages. Other types of
securitized assets include corporate debt instruments (in cash and synthetic
form) and student loans.

There are two key accounting determinations that must be made relating to
securitizations. Citi first makes a determination as to whether the
securitization entity would be consolidated. Second, it determines whether the
transfer of financial assets to the entity is considered a sale under GAAP. If
the securitization entity is a VIE, the Company consolidates the VIE if it is
the primary beneficiary.

The Company consolidates VIEs when it has
both: (1) power to direct activities of the VIE that most significantly impact
the entity’s economic performance and (2) an obligation to absorb losses or
right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant
to the VIE.

For all other securitization entities determined not to be
VIEs in which Citigroup participates, a consolidation decision is based on who
has voting control of the entity, giving consideration to removal and
liquidation rights in certain partnership structures. Only securitization
entities controlled by Citigroup are consolidated.

Interests
in the securitized and sold assets may be retained in the form of subordinated
or senior interest-only strips, subordinated tranches, spread accounts, and
servicing rights. In credit card securitizations, the Company retains a seller’s
interest in the credit card receivables transferred to the trusts, which is not
in securitized form. In the case of consolidated securitization entities,
including the credit card trusts, these retained interests are not reported on
Citi’s Consolidated Balance Sheet; rather, the securitized loans remain on the
balance sheet. Substantially all of the Consumer loans sold or securitized
through non-consolidated trusts by Citigroup are U.S. prime residential mortgage
loans. Retained interests in non-consolidated mortgage securitization trusts are
classified as 
Trading Account
Assets

, except for MSRs which are included
in
 Mortgage Servicing Rights

 on Citigroup’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.

Debt

Short-term borrowings and long-term debt are accounted for at
amortized cost, except where the Company has elected to report the debt
instruments, including certain structured notes, at fair value or the debt is in
a fair value hedging relationship.

Transfers of Financial
Assets

For a transfer of financial assets
to be considered a sale: the assets must have been isolated from the Company,
even in bankruptcy or other receivership; the purchaser must have the right to
pledge or sell the assets transferred or, if the purchaser is an entity whose
sole purpose is to engage in securitization and asset-backed financing
activities and that entity is constrained from pledging the assets it receives,
each beneficial interest holder must have the right to sell the beneficial
interests; and the Company may not have an option or obligation to reacquire the
assets. If these sale requirements are met, the assets are removed from the
Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet. If the conditions for sale are not met,
the transfer is considered to be a secured borrowing, the assets remain on the
Consolidated Balance Sheet, and the sale proceeds are recognized as the
Company’s liability. A legal opinion on a sale is generally obtained for complex
transactions or where the Company has continuing involvement with assets
transferred or with the securitization entity. For a transfer to be eligible for
sale accounting, those opinions must state that the asset transfer is considered
a sale and that the assets transferred would not be consolidated with the
Company’s other assets in the event of the Company’s
insolvency.

For a
transfer of a portion of a financial asset to be considered a sale, the portion
transferred must meet the definition of a participating interest. A
participating interest must represent a pro rata ownership in an entire
financial asset; all cash flows must be divided proportionally, with the same
priority of payment; no participating interest in the transferred asset may be
subordinated to the interest of another participating interest holder; and no
party may have the right to pledge or exchange the entire financial asset unless
all participating interest holders agree. Otherwise, the transfer is accounted
for as a secured borrowing.

See Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for further discussion.

Risk Management
Activities–Derivatives Used forHedging Purposes

The Company manages its exposures to
market rate movements outside its trading activities by modifying the asset and
liability mix, either directly or through the use of derivative financial
products, including interest-rate swaps, futures, forwards, and purchased
options, as well as foreign-exchange contracts. These end-user derivatives are
carried at fair value in 
Other assets, Other
liabilities, Trading account assets

 and

Trading account liabilities

.

To qualify as an accounting hedge under the hedge accounting
rules (versus a management hedge where hedge accounting is not sought), a
derivative must be highly effective in offsetting the risk designated as being
hedged. The hedge relationship must be formally documented at inception,
detailing the particular risk management objective and strategy for the hedge,
which includes the item and risk that is being hedged and the

 144

derivative that is being used, as well as
how effectiveness will be assessed and ineffectiveness measured. The
effectiveness of these hedging relationships is evaluated on a retrospective and
prospective basis, typically using quantitative measures of correlation with
hedge ineffectiveness measured and recorded in current
earnings.

If a hedge
relationship is found to be ineffective, it no longer qualifies as an accounting
hedge and hedge accounting would not be applied. Any gains or losses
attributable to the derivatives, as well as subsequent changes in fair value,
are recognized in 
Other
revenue

 or 
Principal transactions

 with no offset
on the hedged item, similar to trading derivatives.

The
foregoing criteria are applied on a decentralized basis, consistent with the
level at which market risk is managed, but are subject to various limits and
controls. The underlying asset, liability or forecasted transaction may be an
individual item or a portfolio of similar items.

For fair
value hedges, in which derivatives hedge the fair value of assets or
liabilities, changes in the fair value of derivatives are reflected in

Other revenue

 or 
Principal
transactions

, together with changes in the
fair value of the hedged item related to the hedged risk. These are expected to,
and generally do, offset each other. Any net amount, representing hedge
ineffectiveness, is reflected in current earnings. Citigroup’s fair value hedges
are primarily hedges of fixed-rate long-term debt and available-for-sale
securities.

For cash flow hedges, in which derivatives hedge the
variability of cash flows related to floating- and fixed-rate assets,
liabilities or forecasted transactions, the accounting treatment depends on the
effectiveness of the hedge. To the extent these derivatives are effective in
offsetting the variability of the hedged cash flows, the effective portion of
the changes in the derivatives’ fair values will not be included in current
earnings, but is reported in 
Accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss)

. These changes in
fair value will be included in earnings of future periods when the hedged cash
flows impact earnings. To the extent these derivatives are not effective,
changes in their fair values are immediately included in 
Other revenue

. Citigroup’s
cash flow hedges primarily include hedges of floating-rate debt, as well as
rollovers of short-term fixed-rate liabilities and floating-rate liabilities and
forecasted debt issuances.

For net investment hedges in which
derivatives hedge the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign
operation, the accounting treatment will similarly depend on the effectiveness
of the hedge. The effective portion of the change in fair value of the
derivative, including any forward premium or discount, is reflected in

Accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss)

 as part of the foreign currency
translation adjustment.

End-user derivatives that are economic
hedges, rather than qualifying for hedge accounting, are also carried at fair
value, with changes in value included in 
Principal transactions

 or

Other revenue

. Citigroup often uses economic hedges when qualifying for hedge
accounting would be too complex or operationally burdensome; examples are hedges
of the credit risk component of commercial loans and loan commitments. Citigroup
periodically evaluates its hedging strategies in other areas and may designate

either a qualifying hedge or an economic
hedge, after considering the relative cost and benefits. Economic hedges are
also employed when the hedged item itself is marked to market through current
earnings, such as hedges of commitments to originate one-to-four-family mortgage
loans to be held for sale and MSRs.

For those accounting hedge relationships that are
terminated or when hedge designations are removed, the hedge accounting
treatment described in the paragraphs above is no longer applied. Instead, the
end-user derivative is terminated or transferred to the trading account. For
fair value hedges, any changes in the fair value of the hedged item remain as
part of the basis of the asset or liability and are ultimately reflected as an
element of the yield. For cash flow hedges, any changes in fair value of the
end-user derivative remain in 
Accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss)

 and are
included in earnings of future periods when the hedged cash flows impact
earnings. However, if it becomes probable that the hedged forecasted transaction
will not occur, any amounts that remain in

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

are immediately reflected in 
Other
revenue

.

Employee Benefits
Expense

Employee benefits expense includes
current service costs of pension and other postretirement benefit plans, which
are accrued on a current basis, contributions and unrestricted awards under
other employee plans, the amortization of restricted stock awards and costs of
other employee benefits.

Stock-Based
Compensation

The Company recognizes
compensation expense related to stock and option awards over the requisite
service period, generally based on the instruments’ grant date fair value,
reduced by expected forfeitures. Compensation cost related to awards granted to
employees who meet certain age plus years-of-service requirements (retirement
eligible employees) is accrued in the year prior to the grant date, in the same
manner as the accrual for cash incentive compensation. Certain stock awards with
performance conditions or certain clawback provisions are subject to variable
accounting, pursuant to which the associated charges fluctuate with changes in
Citigroup’s stock price.

Income Taxes

The Company is subject to the income tax laws of the U.S., its
states and municipalities and those of the foreign jurisdictions in which the
Company operates. These tax laws are complex and subject to different
interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing
authorities. In establishing a provision for income tax expense, the Company
must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these
inherently complex tax laws. The Company must also make estimates about when in
the future certain items will affect taxable income in the various tax
jurisdictions, both domestic and foreign.

Disputes
over interpretations of the tax laws may be subject to review/adjudication by
the court systems of the various tax jurisdictions or may be settled with the
taxing authority upon examination or audit. The Company treats interest and
penalties on income taxes as a component of 
Income tax expense

.

145

     Deferred taxes
are recorded for the future consequences of events that have been recognized for
financial statements or tax returns, based upon enacted tax laws and rates.
Deferred tax assets are recognized subject to management’s judgment that
realization is more likely than not. FASB Interpretation No. 48, “Accounting for
Uncertainty in Income Taxes” (FIN 48) (now incorporated into ASC 740, Income
Taxes), sets out a consistent framework to determine the appropriate level of
tax reserves to maintain for uncertain tax positions. This interpretation uses a
two-step approach wherein a tax benefit is recognized if a position is more
likely than not to be sustained. The amount of the benefit is then measured to
be the highest tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely to be realized. FIN
48 also sets out disclosure requirements to enhance transparency of an entity’s
tax reserves.

See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a
further description of the Company’s provision and related income tax assets and
liabilities.

Commissions, Underwriting and
Principal Transactions

Commissions
revenues are recognized in income generally when earned. Underwriting revenues
are recognized in income typically at the closing of the transaction. Principal
transactions revenues are recognized in income on a trade-date basis. See Note 6
to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the Company’s
revenue recognition policies for commissions and fees.

Earnings per
Share

Earnings per share (EPS) is computed
after deducting preferred stock dividends. The Company has granted restricted
and deferred share awards with dividend rights that are considered to be
participating securities, which are akin to a second class of common stock.
Accordingly, a portion of Citigroup’s earnings is allocated to those
participating securities in the EPS calculation.

Basic
earnings per share is computed by dividing income available to common
stockholders after the allocation of dividends and undistributed earnings to the
participating securities by the weighted average number of common shares
outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential
dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock
were exercised. It is computed after giving consideration to the weighted
average dilutive effect of the Company’s stock options and warrants, convertible
securities, T-DECs, and the shares that could have been issued under the
Company’s Management Committee Long-Term Incentive Plan and after the allocation
of earnings to the participating securities.

All per
share amounts and Citigroup shares outstanding for all periods reflect
Citigroup’s 1-for-10 reverse stock split, which was effective May 6,
2011.

Use of
Estimates

Management must make estimates
and assumptions that affect the 
Consolidated
Financial Statements and the related footnote disclosures. Such estimates are
used in connection with certain fair value measurements. See Note 25 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussions on estimates used in
the determination of fair value. The Company also uses estimates in determining
consolidation decisions for special-purpose entities as discussed in Note 22.
Moreover, estimates are significant in determining the amounts of
other-than-temporary impairments, impairments of goodwill and other intangible
assets, provisions for probable losses that may arise from credit-related
exposures and probable and estimable losses related to litigation and regulatory
proceedings, and tax reserves. While management makes its best judgment, actual
amounts or results could differ from those estimates. Current market conditions
increase the risk and complexity of the judgments in these estimates.

Cash Flows

Cash equivalents are defined as those amounts included in cash
and due from banks. Cash flows from risk management activities are classified in
the same category as the related assets and liabilities.

Related Party
Transactions

The Company has related party
transactions with certain of its subsidiaries and affiliates. These
transactions, which are primarily short-term in nature, include cash accounts,
collateralized financing transactions, margin accounts, derivative trading,
charges for operational support and the borrowing and lending of funds, and are
entered into in the ordinary course of business.

146

ACCOUNTING CHANGES

Credit Quality and Allowance for Credit
LossesDisclosures

In July
2010, the FASB issued ASU No. 2010-20, Receivables (Topic 310): 
Disclosures about Credit Quality of Financing
Receivables and Allowance for Credit Losses

. The ASU required a greater level of
disaggregated information about the allowance for credit losses and the credit
quality of financing receivables. The period-end balance disclosure requirements
for loans and the allowance for loan losses were effective for reporting periods
ending on or after December 15, 2010 and were included in the Company’s 2010
Annual Report on Form 10-K, while disclosures for activity during a reporting
period in the loan and allowance for loan losses accounts were effective for
reporting periods beginning on or after December 15, 2010 and were included in
the Company’s Forms 10-Q beginning with the first quarter of 2011 (see Notes 16
and 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). The troubled debt
restructuring disclosure requirements that were part of this ASU became
effective in the third quarter of 2011 (see below).

Troubled Debt Restructurings
(TDRs)

In April 2011, the FASB
issued ASU No. 2011-02, 
Receivables (Topic 310): A Creditor’s Determination of whether a
Restructuring is a Troubled Debt Restructuring

, to clarify the guidance for accounting for
troubled debt restructurings. The ASU clarified the guidance on a creditor’s
evaluation of whether it has granted a concession and whether a debtor is
experiencing financial difficulties, such as:

 Any shortfall in contractual loan
 payments is considered a concession.

Creditors cannot assume that debt
 extensions at or above a borrower’s 
original contractual rate do not constitute troubled debt
 restructurings 
because the new
 contractual rate could still be below the market rate.

If a borrower doesn’t have access to
 funds at a market rate for debt with 
characteristics similar to the restructured debt, that may indicate
 that the creditor has granted a concession.

 A borrower that is not currently in
 default may still be considered to be 
experiencing financial difficulty when payment default is
 considered 
“probable in the
 foreseeable future.” 

Effective in the third quarter
of 2011, as a result of adopting ASU 2011-02, certain loans modified under
short-term programs since January 1, 2011 that were previously measured for
impairment under ASC 450 are now measured for impairment under ASC 310-10-35. At
the end of the first interim period of adoption (September 30, 2011), the
recorded investment in receivables previously measured under ASC 450 was $1,170
million and the allowance for credit losses associated with those loans was $467
million. The effect of adopting the ASU was approximately $60
million.

Change in Accounting for Embedded
Credit Derivatives

In March
2010, the FASB issued ASU 2010-11, 
Scope Exception Related to Embedded Credit Derivatives

. The ASU clarifies that certain embedded
derivatives, such as those contained in certain securitizations, CDOs and
structured notes, should be considered embedded credit derivatives subject to
potential bifurcation and separate fair value accounting. The ASU allows any
beneficial interest issued by a securitization vehicle to be accounted for under
the fair value option at transition on July 1,
2010.

The
Company has elected to account for certain beneficial interests issued by
securitization vehicles under the fair value option that are included in the
table below. Beneficial interests previously classified as held-to-maturity
(HTM) were reclassified to available-for-sale (AFS) on June 30, 2010, because as
of that reporting date, the Company did not have the intent to hold the
beneficial interests until maturity.

The following table also shows the gross gains and gross losses that make
up the pretax cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings for reclassified
beneficial interests, recorded on July 1, 2010:

July 1, 2010

Pretax cumulative effect
 adjustment to Retained earnings

Gross unrealized losses

Gross unrealized gains

 In millions of dollars at June 30,
 2010

Amortized cost

recognized in
 AOCI

 (1)

recognized in
 AOCI

Fair value

 Mortgage-backed securities

        Prime

$

390

$

—

$

49

$

439

        Alt-A

550

—

54

604

        Subprime

221

—

6

227

        Non-U.S. residential

2,249

—

38

2,287

 Total mortgage-backed
 securities

$

3,410

$

—

$

147

$

3,557

 Asset-backed securities

        Auction rate
 securities

$

4,463

$

401

$

48

$

4,110

        Other asset-backed

4,189

19

164

4,334

 Total asset-backed
securities

$

8,652

$

420

$

212

$

8,444

 Total reclassified debt
 securities

$

12,062

$

420

$

359

$

12,001

 (1)

All reclassified
 debt securities with gross unrealized losses were assessed for
 other-than-temporary-impairment as of June 30, 2010, including an
 assessment of whether the Company intends to sell the security. For
 securities that the Company intends to sell, impairment charges of $176
 million were recorded in earnings in the second quarter of
 2010.

147

      Beginning July 1, 2010, the Company
elected to account for these beneficial interests under the fair value option
for various reasons, including:

 (1)

To reduce the
 operational burden of assessing beneficial interests for bifurcation under
 the guidance in the ASU;

 (2)

Where bifurcation
 would otherwise be required under the ASU, to avoid the complicated
 operational requirements of bifurcating the embedded derivatives from the
 host contracts and accounting for each separately. The Company
 reclassified substantially all beneficial interests where bifurcation
 would otherwise be required under the ASU; and

 (3)

To permit more
 economic hedging strategies without generating volatility in reported
 earnings.

Additional Disclosures Regarding
Fair ValueMeasurements

In January
2010, the FASB issued ASU 2010-06, 
Improving
Disclosures about Fair Value Measurements

.
The ASU requires disclosure of the amounts of significant transfers in and out
of Levels 1 and 2 of the fair value hierarchy and the reasons for the transfers.
The disclosures are effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2009. Additionally, disclosures of the gross purchases, sales, issuances and
settlements activity in Level 3 of the fair value measurement hierarchy are
required for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2010. The Company adopted
ASU 2010-06 as of January 1, 2010. The required disclosures are included in Note
25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Elimination of Qualifying Special
Purpose Entities(QSPEs) and Changes in the Consolidation Model for
VIEs

In June 2009, the FASB issued SFAS
No. 166, 
Accounting for Transfers of Financial
Assets, an amendment of FASB Statement No. 140

 (SFAS 166, now incorporated into ASC Topic 860) and SFAS No. 167,

Amendments to FASB Interpretation No.
46(R)

 (SFAS 167, now incorporated into ASC
Topic 810). Citigroup adopted both standards on January 1, 2010. Citigroup has
elected to apply SFAS 166 and SFAS 167 prospectively. Accordingly, prior periods
have not been restated.

SFAS 166 eliminates the concept of QSPEs from U.S. GAAP and amends the
guidance on accounting for transfers of financial assets. SFAS 167 details three
key changes to the consolidation model. First, former QSPEs are now included in
the scope of SFAS 167. Second, the FASB has changed the method of analyzing
which party to a VIE should consolidate the VIE (known as the primary
beneficiary) to a qualitative determination of which party to the VIE has
“power,” combined with potentially significant benefits or losses, instead of
the previous quantitative risks and rewards model. The party that has “power”
has the ability to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly
impact the VIE’s economic performance. Third, the new standard requires that the
primary beneficiary analysis be re-evaluated whenever circumstances change. The
previous rules required reconsideration of the primary beneficiary only when
specified reconsideration events occurred.

As a result of implementing these new
accounting standards, Citigroup consolidated certain of the VIEs and former
QSPEs with which it had involvement on January 1, 2010. Further, certain asset
transfers, including transfers of portions of assets, that would have been
considered sales under SFAS 140 are considered secured borrowings under the new
standards.

In accordance with SFAS 167, Citigroup employed three
approaches for newly consolidating certain VIEs and former QSPEs as of January
1, 2010. The first approach requires initially measuring the assets,
liabilities, and noncontrolling interests of the VIEs and former QSPEs at their
carrying values (the amounts at which the assets, liabilities, and
noncontrolling interests would have been carried in the Consolidated Financial
Statements, if Citigroup had always consolidated these VIEs and former QSPEs).
The second approach measures assets at their unpaid principal amount, and is
applied when determining carrying values is not practicable. The third approach
is to elect the fair value option, in which all of the financial assets and
liabilities of certain designated VIEs and former QSPEs are recorded at fair
value upon adoption of SFAS 167 and continue to be marked to market thereafter,
with changes in fair value reported in earnings.

Citigroup
consolidated all required VIEs and former QSPEs, as of January 1, 2010, at
carrying values or unpaid principal amounts, except for certain private label
residential mortgage and mutual fund deferred sales commissions VIEs, for which
the fair value option was elected. The following tables present the impact of
adopting these new accounting standards applying these
approaches.

148

     The incremental
impact of these changes on GAAP assets and resulting risk-weighted assets for
those VIEs and former QSPEs that were consolidated or deconsolidated for
accounting purposes as of January 1, 2010 was as follows:

Incremental

Risk-

GAAP

weighted

 In billions of
dollars

assets

assets

(1)

 Impact of consolidation

 Credit
 cards

$

86.3

$

0.8

 Commercial paper conduits

28.3

13.0

 Student
 loans

13.6

3.7

 Private label Consumer mortgages

4.4

1.3

 Municipal tender
 option bonds

0.6

0.1

 Collateralized loan obligations

0.5

0.5

 Mutual fund deferred sales
 commissions

0.5

0.5

        Subtotal

$

134.2

$

19.9

 Impact of
 deconsolidation

 Collateralized debt obligations (2)

$

1.9

$

3.6

 Equity-linked notes
 (3)

1.2

0.5

 Total

$

137.3

$

24.0

 (1)

The net increase
 in risk-weighted assets (RWA) was $10 billion, principally reflecting the
 deduction from gross RWA of $13 billion of loan loss reserves (LLR)
 recognized from the adoption of SFAS 166/167, which exceeded the 1.25%
 limitation on LLRs includable in Tier 2 Capital.

 (2)

The
 implementation of SFAS 167 resulted in the deconsolidation of certain
 synthetic and cash collateralized debt obligation (CDO) VIEs that were
 previously consolidated under the requirements of ASC 810 (FIN 46(R)). Due
 to the deconsolidation of these synthetic CDOs, Citigroup’s Consolidated
 Balance Sheet now reflects the recognition of current receivables and
 payables related to purchased and written credit default swaps entered
 into with these VIEs, which had previously been eliminated in
 consolidation. The deconsolidation of certain cash CDOs has a minimal
 impact on GAAP assets, but causes a sizable increase in risk-weighted
 assets. The impact on risk-weighted assets results from replacing, in
 Citigroup’s trading account, largely investment grade securities owned by
 these VIEs when consolidated, with Citigroup’s holdings of non-investment
 grade or unrated securities issued by these VIEs when
 deconsolidated.

 (3)

Certain
 equity-linked note client intermediation transactions that had previously
 been consolidated under the requirements of ASC 810 (FIN 46 (R)) because
 Citigroup had repurchased and held a majority of the notes issued by the
 VIE were deconsolidated with the implementation of SFAS 167, because
 Citigroup does not have the power to direct the activities of the VIE that
 most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance. Upon
 deconsolidation, Citigroup’s Consolidated Balance Sheet reflects both the
 equity-linked notes issued by the VIEs and held by Citigroup as trading
 assets, as well as related trading liabilities in the form of prepaid
 equity derivatives. These trading assets and trading liabilities were
 formerly eliminated in consolidation.

     The following
table reflects the incremental impact of adopting SFAS 
166/167 on Citigroup’s GAAP assets, liabilities, and stockholders’
equity.

 In billions of
dollars

January 1, 2010

 Assets

 Trading account
 assets

$

(9.9

)

 Investments

(0.6

)

 Loans

159.4

        Allowance for loan
 losses

(13.4

)

 Other assets

1.8

 Total assets

$

137.3

 Liabilities

 Short-term borrowings

$

58.3

 Long-term
 debt

86.1

 Other liabilities

1.3

 Total liabilities

$

145.7

 Stockholders’ equity

 Retained earnings

$

(8.4

)

 Total stockholders’
 equity

$

(8.4

)

 Total liabilities and stockholders’
 equity

$

137.3

     The preceding
tables reflect: (i) the portion of the assets of former QSPEs to which
Citigroup, acting as principal, had transferred assets and received sales
treatment prior to January 1, 2010 (totaling approximately $712.0 billion), and
(ii) the assets of significant VIEs as of January 1, 2010 with which Citigroup
was involved (totaling approximately $219.2 billion) that were previously
unconsolidated and are required to be consolidated under the new accounting
standards. Due to the variety of transaction structures and the level of
Citigroup’s involvement in individual former QSPEs and VIEs, only a portion of
the former QSPEs and VIEs with which the Company was involved were required to
be consolidated.

In addition, the cumulative effect of adopting these new
accounting standards as of January 1, 2010 resulted in an aggregate after-tax
charge to 
Retained earnings

 of $8.4 billion, reflecting the net effect of an overall
pretax charge to 
Retained
earnings

 (primarily relating to the
establishment of loan loss reserves and the reversal of residual interests held)
of $13.4 billion and the recognition of related deferred tax assets amounting to
$5.0 billion.

149

Non-Consolidation of Certain
Investment Funds

The FASB issued
Accounting Standards Update No. 2010-10, 
Consolidation (Topic 810), Amendments for Certain Investment
Funds

 (ASU 2010-10) in the first quarter of
2010. ASU 2010-10 provides a deferral of the requirements of SFAS 167 where the
following criteria are met:

 The entity being evaluated for consolidation is an
 investment company, 
as defined in ASC 946-10,
 Financial Services—Investment Companies, 
or an
 entity for which it is acceptable based on industry practice to apply

measurement principles that are consistent with an
 investment company;

The reporting enterprise does not have an explicit
 or implicit obligation to 
fund losses of the
 entity that could potentially be significant to the entity; 
and

The entity being evaluated for consolidation is
 not: 

– a securitization entity;

– an asset-backed financing entity; or

–
 an entity that was formerly considered a qualifying special-purpose entity.

      The Company has
determined that a majority of the investment vehicles managed by Citigroup are
provided a deferral from the requirements of SFAS 167 because they meet these
criteria. These vehicles continue to be evaluated under the requirements of FIN
46(R) (ASC 810-10), prior to the implementation of SFAS 167.

Where the Company has determined that certain investment vehicles are
subject to the consolidation requirements of SFAS 167, the consolidation
conclusions reached upon initial application of SFAS 167 are consistent with the
consolidation conclusions reached under the requirements of ASC 810-10, prior to
the implementation of SFAS 167.

Investments in Certain Entities
that Calculate NetAsset Value per Share

As of December 31, 2009, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update
(ASU) No. 2009-12, 
Investments in Certain
Entities that Calculate Net Asset Value per Share (or its
Equivalent)

, which provides guidance on
measuring the fair value of certain alternative investments. The ASU permits
entities to use net asset value as a practical expedient to measure the fair
value of their investments in certain investment funds. The ASU also requires
additional disclosures regarding the nature and risks of such investments and
provides guidance on the classification of such investments as Level 2 or Level
3 of the fair value hierarchy. This ASU did not have a material impact on the
Company’s accounting for its investments in alternative investment
funds.

Multiple Foreign Exchange
Rates

In May 2010, the FASB issued ASU
2010-19, 
Foreign Currency Issues: Multiple
Foreign Currency Exchange Rates

. The ASU
requires certain disclosure in situations when an entity’s reported balances in
U.S. dollar monetary assets held by its foreign entities differ from the actual
U.S. dollar-denominated balances due to different foreign exchange rates used in
remeasurement and translation. The ASU also clarifies the reporting for the
difference between the reported balances and the U.S. dollar-denominated
balances upon the initial adoption of highly inflationary accounting. The ASU
does not have a material impact on the Company’s accounting.

Effect of a Loan Modification When
the Loan Is Part of aPool Accounted for as a Single Asset (ASU No.
2010-18)

In April 2010, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2010-18, 
Effect of a Loan

Modification When the Loan is Part of a
Pool Accounted for as a Single Asset

. As a
result of the amendments in this ASU, modifications of loans that are accounted
for within a pool do not result in the removal of those loans from the pool,
even if the modification of those loans would otherwise be considered a troubled
debt restructuring. An entity will continue to be required to consider whether
the pool of assets in which the loan is included is impaired if expected cash
flows for the pool change. The ASU was effective for reporting periods ending on
or after July 15, 2010. The ASU had no material effect on the Company’s
financial statements.

Measuring Liabilities at Fair
Value

As of September 30, 2009, the
Company adopted ASU No. 2009-05, 
Measuring
Liabilities at Fair Value

. This ASU provides
clarification that in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active market
for the identical liability is not available, a reporting entity is required to
measure fair value using one or more of the following techniques:

 a valuation technique that uses quoted prices for
 similar liabilities (or an 
identical liability)
 when traded as assets; or

another valuation technique that is consistent
 with the principles of 
ASC 820. 

     This ASU also
clarifies that both a quoted price in an active market for the identical
liability at the measurement date and the quoted price for the identical
liability when traded as an asset in an active market when no adjustments to the
quoted price of the asset are required are Level 1 fair value measurements. This
ASU did not have a material impact on the Company’s fair value
measurements.

150

Other-Than-Temporary Impairments
onInvestment Securities

In April 2009,
the FASB issued FSP FAS 115-2 and FAS 124-2, 
Recognition and Presentation of Other-Than-Temporary
Impairments

 (FSP FAS 115-2) (now ASC
320-10-35-34, 
Investments—Debt and Equity
Securities: Recognition of an Other-Than-Temporary Impairment

), which amends the recognition guidance for
other-than-temporary impairments (OTTI) of debt securities and expands the
financial statement disclosures for OTTI on debt and equity securities.
Citigroup adopted the FSP in the first quarter of
2009.

As a result of
the FSP, the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Income reflects the full
impairment (that is, the difference between the security’s amortized cost basis
and fair value) on debt securities that the Company intends to sell or would
more-likely-than-not be required to sell before the expected recovery of the
amortized cost basis. For available-for-sale (AFS) and held-to-maturity (HTM)
debt securities that management has no intent to sell and believes that it
more-likely-than-not will not be required to sell prior to recovery, only the
credit loss component of the impairment is recognized in earnings, while the
rest of the fair value loss is recognized in 
Accumulated other comprehensive income

(AOCI). The credit loss component recognized in earnings is identified as the
amount of principal cash flows not expected to be received over the remaining
term of the security as projected using the Company’s cash flow projections and
its base assumptions. As a result of the adoption of the FSP, Citigroup’s income
in the first quarter of 2009 was higher by $631 million on a pretax basis ($391
million on an after-tax basis) and AOCI was decreased by a corresponding
amount.

The cumulative effect of the change included an increase in the opening
balance of 
Retained earnings

 at January 1, 2009 of $665 million on a pretax basis ($413
million after-tax). See Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
disclosures related to the Company’s investment securities and OTTI.

Noncontrolling Interests in
Subsidiaries

In December 2007, the FASB
issued Statement No. 160, 
Noncontrolling
Interests in Consolidated Financial Statements

 (now ASC 810-10-45-15, 
Consolidation—Noncontrolling Interests in a Subsidiary

), which establishes standards for the accounting and
reporting of noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries (previously called
minority interests) in consolidated financial statements and for the loss of
control of subsidiaries. The Standard requires that the equity interest of
noncontrolling shareholders, partners, or other equity holders in subsidiaries
be presented as a separate item in 
Total
equity

, rather than as a liability. After the
initial adoption, when a subsidiary is deconsolidated, any retained
noncontrolling equity investment in the former subsidiary must be measured at
fair value at the date of deconsolidation.

The gain or loss on the deconsolidation of the subsidiary is measured
using the fair value of the remaining investment, rather than the previous
carrying amount of that retained investment.

Citigroup
adopted the Standard on January 1, 2009. As a result, $2.392 billion of
noncontrolling interests were reclassified from

Other liabilities to Total equity

.

DVA Accounting
Misstatement

In January 2010, the Company
determined that an error existed in the process used to value certain
liabilities for which the Company elected the fair value option (FVO). The error
related to a calculation intended to measure the impact on the liability’s fair
value attributable to Citigroup’s credit spreads. Because of the error in the
process, both an initial Citi contractual credit spread and an initial
own-credit valuation adjustment were being included at the time of issuance of
new Citi FVO debt. The own-credit valuation adjustment was properly included;
therefore, the initial Citi contractual credit spread should have been excluded.
(See Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of
own-credit valuation adjustments.) The cumulative effect of this error from
January 1, 2007 (the date that SFAS 157 (ASC 820), requiring the valuation of
own-credit for FVO liabilities, was adopted) through December 31, 2008 was to
overstate income and retained earnings by $204 million ($330 million on a pretax
basis). The impact of this adjustment was determined not to be material to the
Company’s results of operations and financial position for any previously
reported period. Consequently, in the accompanying financial statements, the
cumulative effect through December 31, 2008 was recorded in
2009.

151

FUTURE APPLICATION OF ACCOUNTING
STANDARDS

Repurchase Agreements - Assessment
of EffectiveControl

In April 2011, the
FASB issued ASU No. 2011-03, 
Transfers and
Servicing (Topic 860) – Reconsideration of Effective Control for Repurchase
Agreements

. The amendments in the ASU remove
from the assessment of effective control: (1) the criterion requiring the
transferor to have the ability to repurchase or redeem the financial assets on
substantially the agreed terms, even in the event of default by the transferee,
and (2) the collateral maintenance implementation guidance related to that
criterion. Other criteria applicable to the assessment of effective control are
not changed by the amendments in the ASU.

The ASU became effective for Citigroup on January 1,
2012. The guidance is to be applied prospectively to transactions or
modifications of existing transactions that occur on or after the effective
date. The ASU did not have a material effect on the Company’s financial
statements. A nominal amount of the Company’s repurchase transactions are
currently accounted for as sales, because of a reduction in initial margin or
restriction in daily maintenance margin. Such transactions will be accounted for
as financing transactions if executed on or after January 1, 2012.

Fair Value
Measurement

In May 2011, the FASB issued
ASU No. 2011-04, 
Fair Value Measurement (Topic
820): Amendments to Achieve Common Fair Value Measurement and Disclosure
Requirements in U.S. GAAP and IFRS

. The
amendment creates a common definition of fair value for U.S. GAAP and IFRS and
aligns the measurement and disclosure requirements. It requires significant
additional disclosures both of a qualitative and quantitative nature,
particularly on those instruments measured at fair value that are classified in
Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. Additionally, the amendment provides
guidance on when it is appropriate to measure fair value on a portfolio basis
and expands the prohibition on valuation adjustments from Level 1 to all levels
of the fair value hierarchy where the size of the Company’s position is a
characteristic of the adjustment. The amendment became effective for Citigroup
on January 1, 2012. As a result of implementing the prohibition on valuation
adjustments where the size of the Company’s position is a characteristic, the
Company will release reserves of approximately $125 million, increasing pretax
income in the first quarter of 2012.

Deferred Asset Acquisition
Costs

In October 2010, the FASB issued ASU
No. 2010-26, 
Financial Services – Insurance
(Topic 944): Accounting for Costs Associated with Acquiring or Renewing
Insurance Contracts

. The ASU amends the
guidance for insurance entities that requires deferral and subsequent
amortization of certain costs incurred during the acquisition of new or renewed
insurance contracts, commonly referred to as deferred acquisition costs (DAC).
The new guidance limits DAC to those costs directly related to the successful
acquisition of insurance contracts; all other acquisition-related costs must be
expensed as incurred. Under current guidance, DAC consists of those costs that
vary with, and primarily relate to, the acquisition of insurance contracts. The
amendment became effective for Citigroup on January 1, 2012. The Company
continues to evaluate the impact of adopting this statement.

Offsetting

In December 2011, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update
No. 2011-11—
Balance Sheet (Topic 210):
Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities

. The standard requires new disclosures about certain financial
instruments and derivative instruments that are either offset in the balance
sheet (presented on a net basis) or subject to an enforceable master netting
arrangement or similar arrangement. The standard requires disclosures that
provide both gross and net information in the notes to the financial statements
for relevant assets and liabilities. This ASU does not change the existing
offsetting eligibility criteria or the permitted balance sheet presentation for
those instruments that meet the eligibility criteria. The new disclosure
requirements should enhance comparability between those companies that prepare
their financial statements on the basis of U.S. GAAP and those that prepare
their financial statements in accordance with IFRS. For many financial
institutions, the differences in the offsetting requirements between U.S. GAAP
and IFRS result in a significant difference in the amounts presented in the
balance sheets prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP and IFRS. The disclosure
standard will become effective for annual and quarterly periods beginning
January 1, 2013. The disclosures are required retrospectively for all
comparative periods presented.

Potential Amendments to Current
Accounting Standards

The FASB and IASB,
either jointly or separately, are currently working on several major projects,
including amendments to existing accounting standards governing financial
instruments, lease accounting, consolidation and investment companies. As part
of the joint financial instruments project, the FASB is proposing sweeping
changes to the classification and measurement of financial instruments, hedging
and impairment guidance. The FASB is also working on a joint project that would
require all leases to be capitalized on the balance sheet. Additionally, the
FASB has issued a proposal on principal-agent considerations that would change
the way the Company needs to evaluate whether to consolidate VIEs and non-VIE
partnerships. Furthermore, the FASB has issued a proposed Accounting Standards
Update that would change the criteria used to determine whether an entity is
subject to the accounting and reporting requirements of an investment company.
The principal-agent consolidation proposal would require all VIEs, including
those that are investment companies, to be evaluated for consolidation under the
same requirements.

     In addition to the major projects, the
FASB has also proposed changes regarding the Company’s release of any cumulative
translation adjustment into earnings when it ceases to have a controlling
financial interest in certain groups of assets that constitute a business within
a consolidated foreign subsidiary. All these projects may have significant
impacts for the Company. Upon completion of the standards, the Company will need
to re-evaluate its accounting and disclosures. However, due to ongoing
deliberations of the standard-setters, the Company is currently unable to
determine the effect of future amendments or proposals.

152

2. BUSINESS
DIVESTITURES

The following divestitures occurred in
2009, 2010 and 2011 and do not qualify as 
Discontinued operations

. Divestitures
that qualified as 
Discontinued
operations

 are discussed in Note 3 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Sale of
Primerica

In April 2010, Citi completed
the IPO of Primerica, which was part of Citi Holdings, and sold approximately
34% to public investors. Also in April 2010, Citi completed the sale of
approximately 22% of Primerica to Warburg Pincus, a private equity firm. Citi
contributed 4% of the Primerica shares to Primerica for employee and agent
stock-based awards immediately prior to the sales. Citi retained an approximate
40% interest in Primerica after the sales and recorded the investment under the
equity method. Citi recorded an after-tax gain on sale of $26
million.

Concurrent with the sale of the shares, Citi entered into co-insurance
agreements with Primerica to reinsure up to 90% of the risk associated with the
in-force insurance policies. During 2011, Citi sold its remaining shares in
Primerica for an after-tax loss of $11 million.

Sale of Phibro
LLC

On December 31,
2009, the Company sold 100% of its interest in Phibro LLC, which was part of
Citicorp—
Securities and Banking

,
to Occidental Petroleum Corporation for a purchase price equal to approximately
the net asset value of the business. The decision to sell Phibro was the outcome
of an evaluation of a variety of alternatives and was consistent with Citi’s
core strategy of a client-centered business model. The sale of Phibro did not
affect Citi’s client-facing commodities business lines, which continue to
operate and serve the needs of Citi’s clients throughout the world.

Sale of Citi’s Nikko Asset
Management Business and Trust and Banking Corporation

On October 1, 2009, the Company completed the sale of its
entire stake in Nikko Asset Management (Nikko AM) to the Sumitomo Trust and
Banking Co., Ltd. (Sumitomo Trust) and completed the sale of Nikko Citi Trust
and Banking Corporation (Nikko Citi Trust) to Nomura Trust & Banking Co.
Ltd. Nikko AM and Nikko Citi Trust were part of Citi Holdings.

The
Nikko AM transaction was valued at 120 billion yen (U.S. $1.3 billion at an
exchange rate of 89.60 yen to U.S. $1.00 as of September 30, 2009). The Company
received all-cash consideration of 75.6 billion yen (U.S. $844 million), after
certain deal-related expenses and adjustments, for its 64% beneficial ownership
interest in Nikko AM. Sumitomo Trust also acquired the beneficial ownership
interests in Nikko AM held by various minority investors in Nikko AM, bringing
Sumitomo Trust’s total ownership stake in Nikko AM to 98.55% at
closing.

For the sale of Nikko Citi Trust, the Company received
all-cash consideration of 19 billion yen (U.S. $212 million at an exchange rate
of 89.60 yen to U.S. $1.00 as of September 30, 2009) as part of the
transaction.

Retail Partner Cards
Sales

During 2009,
Citigroup sold its Financial Institutions (FI) and Diners Club North America
credit card businesses. Total credit card receivables disposed of in these
transactions was approximately $2.2 billion. During 2010, Citigroup sold its
Canadian MasterCard business and U.S. retail sales finance portfolios. Total
credit card receivables disposed of in these transactions was approximately $3.6
billion. Each of these businesses was in Citi Holdings.

Joint Venture with Morgan
Stanley

On June 1, 2009,
Citi and Morgan Stanley established a joint venture (JV) that combined the
Global Wealth Management platform of Morgan Stanley with Citigroup’s Smith
Barney, Quilter and Australia private client networks. Citi sold 100% of these
businesses to Morgan Stanley in exchange for a 49% stake in the JV and an
upfront cash payment of $2.75 billion. Citigroup recorded a pretax gain of
approximately $11.1 billion ($6.7 billion after-tax) on this sale. Both Morgan
Stanley and Citi will access the JV for retail distribution, and each firm’s
institutional businesses will continue to execute order flow from the
JV.

Citigroup’s 49% ownership in the JV is recorded as an equity method
investment. In determining the value of its 49% interest in the JV, Citigroup
utilized the assistance of an independent third-party valuation firm upon
acquisition and utilized both the income and the market
approaches.

153

3. DISCONTINUED
OPERATIONS

Sale of Egg Banking PLC Credit
Card Business

On March 1, 2011, the
Company announced that Egg Banking plc (Egg), an indirect subsidiary which was
part of the Citi Holdings segment, entered into a definitive agreement to sell
its credit card business to Barclays PLC. The sale closed on April 28,
2011.

This sale
is reported as discontinued operations for the full year of 2011 only. Prior
periods were not reclassified due to the immateriality of the impact in those
periods. An after-tax gain on sale of $126 million was recognized upon closing.
Egg operations had total assets and total liabilities of approximately $2.7
billion and $39 million, respectively, at the time of sale.

Summarized financial information for 
Discontinued operations

, including
cash flows, for the credit card operations related to Egg follows:

 In millions of dollars

2011

 Total revenues, net of
 interest expense 

(1)

$

340

 Income from discontinued
 operations

$

24

 Gain on
 sale

143

 Provision for income taxes

58

 Income from discontinued
 operations, net of taxes

$

109

 In millions of
 dollars

2011

 Cash flows from
 operating activities

$

(146

)

 Cash flows from investing
 activities

2,827

 Cash flows from financing activities

(12

)

 Net cash provided by discontinued
 operations

$

2,669

 (1)

 Total revenues include gain or loss on sale, if
 applicable.

Sale of The Student Loan
Corporation

On September 17, 2010, the
Company announced that The Student Loan Corporation (SLC), an indirect
subsidiary that was 80% owned by Citibank and 20% owned by public shareholders,
and which was part of the Citi Holdings segment, entered into definitive
agreements that resulted in the divestiture of Citi’s private student loan
business and approximately $31 billion of its approximate $40 billion in assets
to Discover Financial Services (Discover) and SLM Corporation (Sallie Mae). The
transaction closed on December 31, 2010. As part of the transaction, Citi
provided Sallie Mae with $1.1 billion of seller-financing. Additionally, as part
of the transactions, Citibank, N.A. purchased approximately $8.6 billion of
assets from SLC prior to the sale of
SLC.

This sale
was reported as discontinued operations for the third and fourth quarters of
2010 only. Prior periods were not reclassified due to the immateriality of the
impact in those periods. The total 2010 impact from the sale of SLC resulted in
an after-tax loss of $427 million. SLC operations had total assets and total
liabilities of approximately $31 billion and $29 billion, respectively, at the
time of sale.

Summarized financial information for discontinued operations,
including cash flows, related to the sale of SLC follows:

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

 (1)

 Total revenues, net of
 interest expense (2)

$ —

$

(577

)

 Income (loss) from discontinued
 operations

$
 —

$

97

 Loss on
 sale

—

(825

)

 Benefit for income taxes

—

(339

)

 Loss from discontinued
 operations, net of taxes

$ —

$

(389

)

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

 (1)

 Cash flows from
 operating activities

$ —

$

5,106

 Cash flows from investing
 activities

—

1,532

 Cash flows from financing activities

—

(6,483

)

 Net cash provided by discontinued
 operations

$ —

$

155

 (1)

 Amounts reflect activity from July 1, 2010 through December
 31, 2010 only.

 (2)

Total revenues
 include gain or loss on sale, if
applicable.

154

Sale of Nikko
Cordial

On October 1, 2009 the Company
announced the successful completion of the sale of Nikko Cordial Securities to
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation. The transaction had a total cash value to
Citi of 776 billion yen (U.S. $8.7 billion at an exchange rate of 89.60 yen to
U.S. $1.00 as of September 30, 2009). The cash value was composed of the
purchase price for the transferred business of 545 billion yen, the purchase
price for certain Japanese-listed equity securities held by Nikko Cordial
Securities of 30 billion yen, and 201 billion yen of excess cash derived through
the repayment of outstanding indebtedness to Citi. After considering the impact
of foreign exchange hedges of the proceeds of the transaction, the sale resulted
in an immaterial gain in 2009. A total of about 7,800 employees were included in
the transaction.

The Nikko Cordial operations had total assets and total liabilities of
approximately $24 billion and $16 billion, respectively, at the time of sale,
which were reflected in Citi Holdings prior to the sale.

Results for all of the Nikko Cordial businesses sold are reported as

Discontinued operations

 for all periods presented.

Summarized financial information for 
Discontinued operations

, including
cash flows, related to the sale of Nikko Cordial is as follows:

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Total revenues, net of interest
 expense 

(1)

$ —

$

92

$

646

 Loss from
 discontinued operations

$
 —

$

(7

)

$

(623

)

 Gain on sale

—

94

97

 Benefit for income taxes

—

(122

)

(78

)

 Income (loss) from discontinued

        operations, net of
 taxes

$ —

$

209

$

(448

)

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Cash flows from operating activities

$ —

$

(134

)

$

(1,830

)

 Cash flows from
 investing activities

—

185

1,824

 Cash flows from financing
 activities

—

—

—

 Net cash
 provided by (used in)

        discontinued
 operations

$ —

$

51

$

(6

)

 (1)

 Total revenues include gain or loss on sale, if
 applicable.

Combined Results for Discontinued
Operations

The following is summarized
financial information for the Egg credit card, SLC, Nikko Cordial Securities,
German retail banking and CitiCapital businesses. The SLC business, which was
sold on December 31, 2010, is reported as discontinued operations for the third
and fourth quarters of 2010 only and the sale of the Egg credit card business is
reported as discontinued operations for the full year 2011 only due to the
immateriality of the impact of that presentation in other periods. The Nikko
Cordial Securities business, which was sold on October 1, 2009, the German
retail banking business, which was sold on December 5, 2008, and the CitiCapital
business, which was sold on July 31, 2008, continue to have minimal residual
costs associated with the sales. Additionally, during 2009, contingent
consideration payments of $29 million pretax ($19 million after tax) were
received related to the sale of Citigroup’s asset management business, which was
sold in December 2005.

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Total revenues, net of interest

        expense

(1)

$

352

$

(410

)

$

779

 Income (loss) from
 discontinued

        operations

$

23

$

72

$

(653

)

 Gain (loss) on
 sale

155

(702

)

102

 Provision (benefit) for income taxes

66

(562

)

(106

)

 Income (loss) from discontinued

        operations, net of
 taxes

$

112

$

(68

)

$

(445

)

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Cash flows from
 operating activities

$

(146

)

$

4,974

$

(1,825

)

 Cash flows from investing
 activities

2,827

1,726

1,854

 Cash flows from financing
 activities

(12

)

(6,486

)

(6

)

 Net
 cash provided by discontinued

        operations

$

2,669

$

214

$

23

 (1)

 Total revenues include gain or
 loss on sale, if
applicable.

155

4. BUSINESS
SEGMENTS

Citigroup is a diversified bank holding
company whose businesses provide a broad range of financial services to Consumer
and Corporate customers around the world. The Company’s activities are conducted
through the 
Global Consumer Banking (GCB),
Institutional Clients Group (ICG),

 Citi
Holdings and 
Corporate/Other

 business
segments.

The

Global Consumer Banking 

segment includes a global, full-service Consumer franchise
delivering a wide array of banking, credit card lending, and investment services
through a network of local branches, offices and electronic delivery systems and
is composed of four 
Regional Consumer Banking
(RCB)

 businesses: 
North America, EMEA, Latin America

 and

Asia

.

The Company’s 
ICG

 segment is composed of

Securities and Banking

 and 
Transaction
Services

 and provides corporations,
governments, institutions and investors in approximately 100 countries with a
broad range of banking and financial products and services.

     The Citi Holdings segment is
composed of 

Brokerage and Asset Management,
Local Consumer Lending

 and 
Special Asset Pool

.

Corporate/Other

 includes
net treasury results, unallocated corporate expenses, offsets to certain
line-item reclassifications (eliminations), the results of discontinued
operations and unallocated taxes.

The
accounting policies of these reportable segments are the same as those disclosed
in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

The
prior-period balances reflect reclassifications to conform the presentation in
those periods to the current period’s presentation. These reclassifications
related to Citi’s re-allocation of certain expenses between businesses and
segments and the transfer of certain commercial market loans from

GCB

 to

ICG

.

The following table presents certain information regarding the
Company’s continuing operations by segment:

Identifiable

Revenues,

Provision (benefit)

Income (loss) from

assets

net of interest
 expense

 (1)

for income
 taxes

continuing
 operations

 (1)(2)

at year
 end

 In millions of dollars, except

 identifiable assets in billions

2011

2010

2009

2011

2010

2009

2011

2010

2009

2011

2010

 Global Consumer Banking

$

32,585

$

32,374

$

24,754

$

2,601

$

1,343

$

(142

)

$

6,196

$

4,661

$

2,389

$

340

$

328

 Institutional Clients Group

31,986

33,186

36,958

2,845

3,499

4,622

8,302

10,172

12,973

979

956

        Subtotal
 Citicorp

$

64,571

$

65,560

$

61,712

$

5,446

$

4,842

$

4,480

$

14,498

$

14,833

$

15,362

$

1,319

$

1,284

 Citi Holdings

12,896

19,287

29,128

(1,161

)

(2,573

)

(6,988

)

(2,524

)

(4,056

)

(9,059

)

269

359

 Corporate/Other

886

1,754

(10,555

)

(764

)

(36

)

(4,225

)

(871

)

174

(7,369

)

286

271

 Total

$

78,353

$

86,601

$

80,285

$

3,521

$

2,233

$

(6,733

)

$

11,103

$

10,951

$

(1,066

)

$

1,874

$

1,914

 (1)

Includes Citicorp
 total revenues, net of interest expense, in 
North America 

of $23.6 billion, $26.7 billion and $19.9 billion; in

EMEA 

of $12.2 billion, $11.7 billion and $15.0 billion;
 in 
Latin America 

of $13.6 billion, $12.8 billion and $12.7 billion;
 and in 
Asia 

of $15.2 billion, $14.4 billion and $14.1 billion
 in 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Regional numbers exclude Citi
 Holdings and 
Corporate/Other

, which
 largely operate within the U.S.

 (2)

Includes pretax
 provisions (credits) for credit losses and for benefits and claims in the

GCB 

results of $4.9 billion, $9.8 billion and $7.4
 billion; in the 
ICG

results of $152 million, $(82)
 million and $1.8 billion; and in the Citi Holdings results of $7.8
 billion, $16.3 billion and $31.1 billion for 2011, 2010 and 2009,
 respectively.

156

5. INTEREST REVENUE AND
EXPENSE

For the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009,
respectively, interest revenue and expense consisted of the
following:

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Interest revenue

 Loan interest, including
 fees

$

50,281

$

55,056

$

47,457

 Deposits with
 banks

1,750

1,252

1,478

 Federal funds sold and
 securities

        borrowed
 or purchased under

        agreements
 to resell

3,631

3,156

3,084

 Investments,
 including dividends

8,320

11,004

12,882

 Trading account assets
 (1)

8,186

8,079

10,723

 Other interest

513

735

774

 Total interest revenue

$

72,681

$

79,282

$

76,398

 Interest expense

 Deposits
(2)

$

8,556

$

8,371

$

10,146

 Federal funds
 purchased and

        securities
 loaned or sold under

        agreements
 to repurchase

3,197

2,808

3,433

 Trading account liabilities
 (1)

408

379

289

 Short-term
 borrowings

650

917

1,425

 Long-term debt

11,423

12,621

12,609

 Total interest
 expense

$

24,234

$

25,096

$

27,902

 Net
 interest revenue

$

48,447

$

54,186

$

48,496

 Provision for loan losses

11,773

25,194

38,760

 Net
 interest revenue after

        provision
 for loan losses

$

36,674

$

28,992

$

9,736

 (1)

Interest expense
 on 
Trading account liabilities

of 
ICG 

is reported as a
 reduction of interest revenue from 
Trading account assets

.

 (2)

Includes deposit
 insurance fees and charges of $1.3 billion, $981 million and $1.5 billion
 for the 12 months ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively.
 The 12-month period ended December 31, 2009 includes the one-time FDIC
 special assessment.

6.
COMMISSIONS AND FEES

The table below sets forth
Citigroup’s 
Commissions and fees

 revenue for the twelve months ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and
2009, respectively. The primary components of 
Commissions and fees

 revenue for the
twelve months ended December 31, 2011 were credit card and bank card fees,
investment banking fees and trading-related
fees.

Credit card and bank card fees are primarily composed of interchange
revenue and certain card fees, including annual fees, reduced by reward program
costs. Interchange revenue and fees are recognized when earned, except for
annual card fees which are deferred and amortized on a straight-line basis over
a 12-month period. Reward costs are recognized when points are earned by the
customers.

Investment banking fees are substantially composed of
underwriting and advisory revenues. Investment banking fees are recognized when
Citigroup’s performance under the terms of the contractual arrangements is
completed, which is typically at the closing of the transaction. Underwriting
revenue is recorded in 
Commissions and
fees

 net of both reimbursable and
non-reimbursable expenses, consistent with the AICPA Audit and Accounting Guide
for Brokers and Dealers in Securities (codified in ASC 940-605-05-1). Expenses
associated with advisory transactions are recorded in 
Other operating expenses

, net of
client reimbursements. Out-of-pocket expenses are deferred and recognized at the
time the related revenue is recognized. In general, expenses incurred related to
investment banking transactions that fail to close (are not consummated) are
recorded gross in 
Other operating
expenses

.

Trading-related fees primarily include commissions and fees from the
following: executing transactions for clients on exchanges and over-the-counter
markets; sale of mutual funds, insurance and other annuity products; and
assisting clients in clearing transactions, providing brokerage services and
other such activities. Trading-related fees are recognized when earned in

Commissions and fees

. Gains or losses, if any, on these transactions are included
in 
Principal transactions

.

The
following table presents commissions and fees revenue for the years ended
December 31:

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Credit cards and
 bank cards

$

3,603

$

3,774

$

4,110

 Investment banking

2,451

2,977

3,462

 Smith
 Barney

—

—

837

 Trading-related

2,587

2,368

2,316

 Transaction
 services

1,520

1,454

1,306

 Other Consumer
 (1)

931

1,156

1,272

 Checking-related

926

1,023

1,043

 Primerica

—

91

314

 Loan
 servicing

251

353

226

 Corporate finance
 (2)

519

439

678

 Other

62

23

(79

)

 Total commissions and
fees

$

12,850

$

13,658

$

15,485

 (1)

Primarily
 consists of fees for investment fund administration and management,
 third-party collections, commercial demand deposit accounts and certain
 credit card services.

 (2)

Consists
 primarily of fees earned from structuring and underwriting loan
 syndications.

157

7. PRINCIPAL
TRANSACTIONS

Principal transactions 

revenue consists of realized and unrealized gains and losses
from trading activities. Trading activities include revenues from fixed income,
equities, credit and commodities products, as well as foreign exchange
transactions. Not included in the table below is the impact of net interest
revenue related to trading activities, which is an integral part of trading
activities’ profitability. See Note 5 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for information about net interest revenue related to trading activity. The
following table presents principal transactions revenue for the years ended
December 31:

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Global Consumer Banking

$

716

$

533

$

1,569

 Institutional Clients Group

4,873

5,567

5,626

        Subtotal
 Citicorp

$

5,589

$

6,100

$

7,195

 Local Consumer Lending

(102

)

(217

)

896

 Brokerage and Asset Management

(11

)

(37

)

30

 Special Asset Pool

1,713

2,078

(2,606

)

        Subtotal Citi
 Holdings

$

1,600

$

1,824

$

(1,680

)

 Corporate/Other

45

(407

)

553

 Total
 Citigroup

$

7,234

$

7,517

$

6,068

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Interest rate
 contracts (1)

$

5,136

$

3,231

$

6,211

 Foreign exchange contracts
 (2)

2,309

1,852

2,762

 Equity contracts
 (3)

3

995

(334

)

 Commodity and other contracts
 (4)

76

126

924

 Credit derivatives
 (5)

(290

)

1,313

(3,495

)

 Total Citigroup

$

7,234

$

7,517

$

6,068

 (1)

Includes revenues
 from government securities and corporate debt, municipal securities,
 preferred stock, mortgage securities, and other debt instruments. Also
 includes spot and forward trading of currencies and exchange-traded and
 over-the-counter (OTC) currency options, options on fixed income
 securities, interest rate swaps, currency swaps, swap options, caps and
 floors, financial futures, OTC options, and forward contracts on fixed
 income securities.

 (2)

Includes revenues
 from foreign exchange spot, forward, option and swap contracts, as well as
 translation gains and losses.

 (3)

Includes revenues
 from common, preferred and convertible preferred stock, convertible
 corporate debt, equity-linked notes, and exchange-traded and OTC equity
 options and warrants.

 (4)

Primarily
 includes revenues from crude oil, refined oil products, natural gas, and
 other commodities trades.

 (5)

Includes revenues
 from structured credit products.

8. INCENTIVE PLANS

The
Company administers award programs involving grants of stock options, restricted
or deferred stock awards, and stock payments. The award programs are used to
attract, retain and motivate officers, employees and non-employee directors, to
provide incentives for their contributions to the long-term performance and
growth of the Company, and to align their interests with those of stockholders.
These programs are administered by the Personnel and Compensation Committee of
the Citigroup Board of Directors (the Committee), which is composed entirely of
independent non-employee directors. All grants of equity awards since April 19,
2005 have been made pursuant to stockholder-approved stock incentive
plans.

At December 31, 2011, approximately 77.5 million
shares were authorized and available for grant under Citigroup’s 2009 Stock
Incentive Plan, the only plan from which equity awards are currently
granted.

The 2009 Stock Incentive Plan and predecessor
plans permit the use of treasury stock or newly issued shares in connection with
awards granted under the plans. Until recently, Citigroup’s practice was to
deliver shares from treasury stock upon the exercise or vesting of equity
awards. However, newly issued shares were issued as stock payments in April 2010
(to settle “common stock equivalent” awards granted in January 2010), in January
2011 (as current stock payments in lieu of cash bonuses) and in January 2012 (to
settle the vesting of deferred stock awards granted in prior years). The new
issuances in April 2010 and January 2011 were specifically intended to increase
the Company’s equity capital. Restricted stock awards that vested in January
2012 were settled with shares that were previously issued out of treasury. There is no
income statement impact from treasury stock issuances and issuances of new
shares.

The following table shows components of compensation expense
relating to the Company’s stock-based compensation programs as recorded during
2011, 2010 and 2009:

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Charges for
 estimated awards to

        retirement-eligible
 employees

$

338

$

366

$

207

 Option expense

161

197

55

 Amortization of
 deferred cash awards and

        deferred cash stock
 units

208

280

113

 Amortization of MC LTIP awards
 (1)

—

—

19

 Salary stock
 award expense

—

173

162

 Immediately vested stock award
 expense (2)

52

174

1,723

 Amortization of
 restricted and deferred

        stock awards
 (3)

871

747

1,543

 Total

$

1,630

$

1,937

$

3,822

 (1)

Management
 Committee Long-Term Incentive Plan (MC LTIP) awards were granted in 2007.
 The awards expired in December 2009 without the issuance of
 shares.

 (2)

This represents
 expense for immediately vested stock awards that generally were stock
 payments in lieu of cash compensation. The expense is generally accrued
 for as cash incentive compensation in the year prior to grant. The 2009
 amount is for the “common stock equivalent” awards, which are described in
 more detail below.

 (3)

All periods
 include amortization expense for all unvested awards to
 non-retirement-eligible employees. Amortization is recognized net of
 estimated forfeitures of awards.

158

Stock Award
Programs

Citigroup issues (and/or has
issued) shares of its common stock in the form of restricted stock awards,
deferred stock awards, and stock payments pursuant to the 2009 Stock Incentive
Plan (and predecessor plans) to its officers, employees and non-employee
directors.

For
all stock award programs, during the applicable vesting period, the shares
awarded are not issued to participants (in the case of a deferred stock award)
or cannot be sold or transferred by the participants (in the case of a
restricted stock award), until after the vesting conditions have been satisfied.
Recipients of deferred stock awards do not have any stockholder rights until
shares are delivered to them, but they generally are entitled to receive
dividend-equivalent payments during the vesting period. Recipients of restricted
stock awards are entitled to a limited voting right and to receive dividend or
dividend-equivalent payments during the vesting period. (Dividend equivalents
are paid through payroll and recorded as an offset to retained earnings on those
shares expected to vest.) Once a stock award vests, the shares may become freely
transferable, but in the case of certain executives, may be subject to transfer
restrictions by their terms or a stock ownership commitment.

The
total expense to be recognized for the stock awards described below represents
the fair value of Citigroup common stock at the date of grant. The expense is
recognized as a charge to income ratably over the vesting period, except for
those awards granted to retirement-eligible employees, and salary stock and other
immediately vested awards. For awards of deferred stock expected to be made to
retirement-eligible employees, the charge to income is accelerated based on the
dates the retirement rules are or will be met. If the retirement rules will have
been met on or prior to the expected award date, the entire estimated expense is
recognized in the year prior to grant in the same manner as cash incentive
compensation is accrued, rather than amortized over the applicable vesting
period of the award. Salary stock and other immediately vested awards generally
were granted in lieu of cash compensation and are also recognized in the year
prior to the grant in the same manner as cash compensation is accrued. Certain
stock awards with performance conditions or certain clawback provisions may be
subject to variable accounting, pursuant to which the associated charges
fluctuate with changes in Citigroup’s stock price over the applicable vesting
periods. The total amount that will be recognized as expense cannot be
determined in full until the awards vest.

Annual Award Programs.

Citigroup’s primary stock award program is
the Capital Accumulation Program (CAP). Generally, CAP awards of restricted or
deferred stock constitute a percentage of annual incentive compensation and vest
ratably over three- or four-year periods, beginning on or about the first
anniversary of the award date.

     Continuous employment within
Citigroup is generally required to vest in CAP and other stock award programs.
Typical exceptions include vesting for participants whose employment is
terminated involuntarily during the vesting period for a reason other than
“gross misconduct,” who meet specified age and service requirements before
leaving employment (retirement-eligible participants), or who die or become
disabled during the vesting period. Post-employment vesting by
retirement-eligible participants is generally conditioned upon their refraining
from competition with Citigroup during the remaining vesting
period.

In a change from prior years, incentive awards in January 2012
to individual employees who have influence over the Company’s material risks
(covered employees) were delivered as a mix of immediate cash bonuses, deferred
stock awards under CAP and deferred cash awards. (Previously, annual incentives
were traditionally awarded as a combination of cash bonus and CAP.) For covered
employees, the minimum percentage of incentive pay required to be deferred was
raised from 25% to 40%, with a maximum deferral of 60% for the most highly paid
employees. For incentive awards made to covered employees in January 2012 (in
respect of 2011 performance), only 50% of the deferred portion was delivered as
a CAP award; the other 50% was delivered in the form of a deferred cash award.
The 2012 deferred cash award is subject to a performance-based vesting condition
that results in cancellation of unvested amounts on a formulaic basis if a
participant’s business has losses in any year of the vesting period. The 2012
deferred cash award also earns notional interest at an annual rate of 3.55%,
compounded annually.

CAP
awards made in January 2012 and January 2011 to “identified staff” in the
European Union (EU) have several features that differ from the generally
applicable CAP provisions described above. “Identified staff” are those
Citigroup employees whose compensation is subject to various banking regulations
on sound incentive compensation policies in the EU. CAP awards to these
employees are scheduled to vest over three years of service, but vested shares
are subject to a six-month sale restriction, and awards are subject to
cancellation, in the sole discretion of the Committee, if (a) there is
reasonable evidence a participant engaged in misconduct or committed material
error in connection with his or her employment, or (b) the Company or the
employee’s business unit suffers a material downturn in its financial
performance or a material failure of risk management (the EU clawback). For
these CAP awards, the EU clawback is in addition to the clawback provision
described below. CAP awards containing the EU clawback provision are subject to
variable accounting.

159

     A portion of
the immediately vested cash incentive compensation awarded in January 2011 to
selected highly compensated employees (and in January 2012 to such employees in
the EU) was delivered in immediately-vested stock payments. In the EU, the
shares awarded were subject to a six-month sale restriction.

Annual incentive awards made in January 2011, January 2010, and December
2009 to certain executive officers and highly compensated employees were made in
the form of long-term restricted stock (LTRS), with terms prescribed by the
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, as amended. (See 
EESA-related Stock Compensation

 below for additional information.) 

     The annual incentive awards made in
January 2011 to executive officers have a performance-based vesting condition.
If Citigroup has pretax net losses during any of the years of the deferral
period, the Committee may exercise its discretion to eliminate or reduce the
number of shares that vest for that year. This performance-based vesting
condition applies to CAP and LTRS awards made in January 2011 to executive
officers. These awards are subject to variable accounting. Compensation expense
was accrued based on Citigroup’s stock price at year end and the estimated
outcome of meeting the performance conditions.

All
CAP awards made in January 2011 and 2012 and all LTRS awards made in January
2011 provide for a clawback that applies to specified cases, including in the
case of employee misconduct or where the awards were based on earnings that were
misstated. Some of these awards are subject to variable accounting.

Generally, in order to reduce the use of shares under Citigroup’s
stockholder-approved stock incentive plan, the percentages of total annual
incentives awarded pursuant to CAP in January 2010 and January 2009 were reduced
and were instead awarded as deferred cash awards primarily in the U.S. and the
U.K. The deferred cash awards are subject to two-year and four-year vesting
schedules, but the other terms and conditions are the same as CAP awards made in
those years. The deferred cash awards earn a return during the vesting period
based on LIBOR; in 2010 only, a portion of the deferred cash award was
denominated as a stock unit, the value of which will fluctuate based on the
price of Citi common stock. In both cases, only cash will be delivered at
vesting.

In January 2009, members of the Management Executive Committee
(except the CEO and CFO) received 30% of their incentive awards for 2008 as
performance vesting-equity awards. These awards vest 50% if the price of
Citigroup common stock meets a price target of $106.10, and 50% for a price
target of $178.50, in each case on or prior to January 14, 2013. The price
target will be met only if the NYSE closing price equals or exceeds the
applicable price target for at least 20 NYSE trading days within any period of
30 consecutive NYSE trading days ending on or before January 14, 2013. Any
shares that have not vested by such date will vest according to a fraction, the
numerator of which is the share price on the delivery date and the denominator
of which is the price target of the unvested shares. No
dividend

equivalents are paid on unvested awards. The fair value of the
awards is recognized as compensation expense ratably over the vesting period.
This fair value was determined using the following assumptions:

 Weighted-average per-share fair
 value

$22.97

 Weighted-average expected life

3.85 years

 Valuation assumptions

        Expected
 volatility

36.07

%

        Risk-free interest
 rate

1.21

%

        Expected dividend
 yield

0.88

%

     From 2003 to
2007, Citigroup granted annual stock awards under its Citigroup Ownership
Program (COP) to a broad base of employees who were not eligible for CAP. The
COP awards of restricted or deferred stock vest after three years, but otherwise
have terms similar to CAP. Amortization of restricted and deferred stock awards shown in the table
above for 2010 and 2009 includes expense associated with these
awards.

EESA-related Stock Compensation.

Incentive compensation in respect of 2009
performance for the senior executive officers and the next 95 most highly
compensated employees (2009 Top 100) was administered in accordance with the
Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008, as amended (EESA) pursuant to
structures approved by the Special Master for TARP Executive Compensation
(Special Master). Pursuant to such structures, the affected employees did not
participate in CAP and instead received equity compensation in the form of fully
vested stock payments, LTRS and other restricted and deferred stock awards
subject to vesting requirements and sale restrictions. The other restricted and
deferred stock awards to the 2009 Top 100 vest ratably over three years pursuant
to terms similar to CAP awards, but vested shares are subject to sale
restrictions until the later of the first anniversary of the regularly scheduled
vesting date or January 20, 2013. Pursuant to EESA-prescribed structures,
incentive compensation in respect of 2010 performance was delivered to the
senior executive officers and next 20 most highly compensated employees for 2010
(2010 Top 25), in the form of LTRS awards. The LTRS awards to the 2009 Top 100
and 2010 Top 25 vest in full after three years of service and there are no
provisions for early vesting in the event of retirement, involuntary termination
of employment or change in control, but early vesting will occur upon death or
disability.

In 2009 and January 2010, the 2009 Top 100 received salary
stock payments that become transferrable in monthly installments over periods of
either one year or three years beginning in January 2010. In September 2010,
salary stock payments were made to the 2010 Top 25 (other than the CEO) in a
manner consistent with the salary stock payments made in 2009 pursuant to
rulings issued by the Special Master. The salary stock paid for 2010, net of tax
withholdings, is transferable over a 12-month period beginning in January 2011.
There are no provisions for early release of the transfer restrictions on salary
stock in the event of retirement, involuntary termination of employment, change
in control, or any other reason.

160

     In
connection with its agreement to repay $20 billion of its TARP obligations to
the U.S. Treasury Department in December 2009, Citigroup announced that $1.7
billion of incentive compensation that would have otherwise been awarded in cash
to employees in respect of 2009 performance would instead be awarded as “common
stock equivalent” awards denominated in U.S. dollars or in local currency that
were settled by stock payments in April 2010. The awards were generally accrued
as compensation expense in the year 2009 and were recorded as a liability from
the January 2010 grant date until the settlement date in April 2010. The
recorded liability was reclassified to equity when newly issued shares were
delivered to participating employees on the settlement date.

Sign-on and Long-Term Awards. 

From
time to time, restricted or deferred stock awards and/or stock option grants are made outside of the annual
incentive program to induce talented employees to join Citigroup or as special retention awards to key employees. Vesting
periods vary, but are generally two to four years. Generally, recipients must remain employed through the vesting dates to
vest in the awards, except in cases of death, disability, or involuntary termination other than for “gross
misconduct.” Unlike CAP, these awards do not usually provide for post-employment vesting by retirement-eligible
participants.

On
May 17, 2011, the Committee approved a deferred stock retention award to CEO Vikram Pandit. The award vests in three
equal installments on December 31, 2013, December 31, 2014 and December 31, 2015 if the Committee determines that he has
satisfied discretionary performance criteria dealing with regulatory compliance, Citi culture and talent management and Mr.
Pandit remains employed through the vesting date. Any vested shares from the December 31, 2013, and December 31, 2014
vestings will be sale-restricted until December 31, 2015. This award is subject to variable accounting.

On
July 17, 2007, the Committee approved the Management Committee Long-Term Incentive Plan (MC LTIP) (pursuant to the terms
of the shareholder-approved 1999 Stock Incentive Plan) under which participants received an equity award that could be
earned based on Citigroup’s performance against various metrics relative to peer companies and publicly stated return
on equity (ROE) targets measured at the end of each calendar year beginning with 2007. The final expense for each of the
three consecutive calendar years was adjusted based on the results of the ROE tests. No awards were earned for 2009, 2008 or
2007 and no shares were issued because performance targets were not met. No new awards were made under the MC LTIP since
the initial award in July 2007.

Directors. 

Non-employee directors receive part of their compensation in
the form of deferred stock awards that vest in two years, and may elect to
receive part of their retainer in the form of a stock payment, which they may
elect to defer.

     A summary of the status of
Citigroup’s unvested stock awards that are not subject to variable accounting at
December 31, 2011 and changes during the 12 months ended December 31, 2011 are
presented below:

Weighted-average

grant date

 Unvested stock awards

Shares

fair value

 Unvested at
 January 1, 2011

32,508,167

$72.84

 New awards

33,189,925

49.59

 Cancelled
 awards

(1,894,723

)

54.39

 Vested awards (1)

(13,590,245

)

99.73

 Unvested at December 31, 2011

50,213,124

$50.90

 (1)

 The weighted-average fair value
 of the vestings during 2011 was approximately $46.10 per
 share.

     A summary of the status of
Citigroup’s unvested stock awards that are subject to variable accounting at
December 31, 2011 and changes during the 12 months ended December 31, 2011 are
presented below:

Weighted-average

award issuance

 Unvested stock awards

Shares

fair value

 Unvested at
 January 1, 2011

—

$     
 —

 New awards

5,337,863

49.31

 Cancelled
 awards

(47,065

)

50.20

 Vested awards

—

—

 Unvested at December 31, 2011

5,290,798

$49.30

     At December 31, 2011, there was
$985 million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock
awards net of the forfeiture provision. That cost is expected to be recognized
over a weighted-average period of 2.3 years. However, the cost of awards subject
to variable accounting will fluctuate with changes in Citigroup’s stock
price.

Stock Option
Programs

While the Company no longer grants
options as part of its annual incentive award programs, Citi may grant stock
options to employees or directors on a one-time basis, as sign-on awards or as
retention awards. All stock options are granted on Citigroup common stock with
exercise prices that are no less than the fair market value at the time of grant
(which is defined under the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan to be the NYSE closing
price on the trading day immediately preceding the grant date or on the grant
date for grants to executive officers).

161

     On May 17,
2011, the Committee approved a retention award to the CEO that included an
option grant with exercise prices at or above the market price of Citi common
stock on the grant date. The price of Citi common stock on the grant date was
$41.54 and the committee awarded options with exercise prices of $41.54, $52.50
and $60.00. These options vest in three equal installments on the first three
anniversaries of the grant date, and vested options remain exercisable for their
entire 10-year term. Unvested options will be forfeited if the CEO terminates
employment with the Company for any reason before the applicable vesting date,
except in the event of his death or disability. The options have risk-adjustment
features such as a one-year holding period for incremental shares if the options
are exercised before the fifth anniversary of the grant date, and unvested and
vested but unexercised option shares may be cancelled or forfeited pursuant to a
clawback provision.

On
February 14, 2011, Citigroup granted options exercisable for approximately 2.9
million shares of Citi common stock to certain of its executive officers. The
options have six-year terms and vest in three equal annual installments
beginning on February 14, 2012. The exercise price of the options is $49.10,
which was the closing price of a share of Citi common stock on the grant date.
On any exercise of the options before the fifth anniversary of the grant date,
the shares received on exercise (net of the amount required to pay taxes and the
exercise price) are subject to a one-year transfer restriction.

On
April 20, 2010, Citigroup made an option grant to a group of employees who were
not eligible for the October 29, 2009, broad-based grant described below. The
options were awarded with an exercise price equal to the NYSE closing price on
the trading day immediately preceding the date of grant ($48.80). The options
vest in three annual installments beginning on October 29, 2010. The options
have a six-year term.

On
October 29, 2009, Citigroup made a one-time broad-based option grant to
employees worldwide. The options have a six-year term, and generally vest in
three equal installments over three years, beginning on the first anniversary of
the grant date. The options were awarded with an exercise price equal to the
NYSE closing price on the trading day immediately preceding the date of grant
($40.80). The CEO and other employees whose 2009 compensation was subject to
structures approved by the Special Master did not participate in this
grant.

In January 2009, members of the Management Executive Committee
received 10% of their awards as performance-priced stock options, with an
exercise price that placed the awards significantly “out of the money” on the
date of grant. Half of each executive’s options have an exercise price of
$178.50 and half have an exercise price of $106.10. The options were granted on
a day on which Citi’s closing price was $45.30. The options have a 10-year term
and vest ratably over a four-year period.

Prior
to 2009, stock options were granted to CAP participants who elected to receive
stock options in lieu of restricted or deferred stock awards, and to
non-employee directors who elected to receive their compensation in the form of
a stock option grant. Beginning in 2009, Citi eliminated the stock option
election for all directors and employees (except certain CAP participants who
were permitted to make a stock option election for awards made in
2009).

     Generally, options granted from 2003
through 2009 have six-year terms and vest ratably over three- or four-year
periods; however options granted to directors provided for cliff vesting.
Vesting schedules for sign-on or retention grants may vary. The sale of shares
acquired through the exercise of employee stock options granted from 2003
through January 2009 is restricted for a two-year period (and may be subject to
the stock ownership commitment of senior executives thereafter).

On
January 22, 2008, the CEO was awarded stock options to purchase three hundred
thousand shares of common stock. The options vest 25% per year beginning on the
first anniversary of the grant date and expire on the tenth anniversary of the
grant date. One-third of the options have an exercise price equal to the NYSE
closing price of Citigroup stock on the grant date ($244.00), one-third have an
exercise price equal to a 25% premium over the grant-date closing price
($305.00), and one-third have an exercise price equal to a 50% premium over the
grant date closing price ($366.00). These options do not have a reload
feature.

Prior to 2003, Citigroup options, including options granted
since the date of the merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group, Inc., generally
vested at a rate of 20% per year over five years (with the first vesting date
occurring 12 to 18 months following the grant date) and had 10-year terms.
Certain options, mostly granted prior to January 1, 2003 and with 10-year terms,
permit an employee exercising an option under certain conditions to be granted
new options (reload options) in an amount equal to the number of common shares
used to satisfy the exercise price and the withholding taxes due upon exercise.
The reload options are granted for the remaining term of the related original
option and vest after six months. Reload options may in turn be exercised using
the reload method, given certain conditions. An option may not be exercised
using the reload method unless the market price on the date of exercise is at
least 20% greater than the option to purchase.

From
1997 to 2002, a broad base of employees participated in annual option grant
programs. The options vested over five-year periods, or cliff vested after five
years, and had 10-year terms but no reload features. No grants have been made
under these programs since 2002 and all options that remain outstanding will
expire in 2012.

162

Information with respect to stock option
activity under Citigroup stock option programs for the years ended December 31,
2011, 2010 and 2009 is as follows:

2011

2010

2009

Weighted-

Weighted-

Weighted-

average

Intrinsic

average

Intrinsic

average

Intrinsic

exercise

value

exercise

value

exercise

value

Options

price

per share

Options

price

per share

Options

price

per share

 Outstanding, beginning of
 period    

37,486,011

$

93.70

$

 —

40,404,481

$

127.50

$

—

14,386,066

$

418.40

$ —

 Granted—original

3,425,000

48.86

—

4,450,017

47.80

—

32,124,473

42.70

—

 Forfeited or exchanged

(1,539,227

)

176.41

—

(4,368,086

)

115.10

—

(3,928,531

)

369.80

—

 Expired

(1,610,450

)

487.24

—

(2,935,863

)

458.70

—

(2,177,527

)

362.10

—

 Exercised

(165,305

)

40.80

6.72

(64,538

)

40.80

3.80

—

—

—

 Outstanding, end of
 period

37,596,029

$

69.60

$

—

37,486,011

$

93.70

$

—

40,404,481

$

127.50

$ —

 Exercisable, end of
 period

23,237,069

15,189,710

7,893,909

The following table summarizes the
information about stock options outstanding under Citigroup stock option
programs at December 31, 2011:

Options outstanding

Options exercisable

Weighted-average

Number

contractual
 life

Weighted-average

Number

Weighted-average

 Range of exercise
 prices

outstanding

remaining

exercise price

exercisable

exercise price

 $29.70–$49.99

33,982,017

4.1 years

$

42.38

20,302,484

$

41.79

 $50.00–$99.99

203,614

9.3
 years

56.44

1,807

67.10

 $100.00–$199.99

532,152

6.9 years

147.20

298,788

150.89

 $200.00–$299.99

852,842

2.6
 years

244.51

658,586

244.50

 $300.00–$399.99

366,912

3.6 years

346.94

316,912

348.74

 $400.00–$499.99

1,216,690

0.1
 years

428.22

1,216,690

428.22

 $500.00–$564.10

441,802

0.3 years

520.90

441,802

520.90

37,596,029

4.0 years

$

69.60

23,237,069

$

82.47

     As of
December 31, 2011, there was $122.5 million of total unrecognized compensation
cost related to stock options; this cost is expected to be recognized over a
weighted-average period of 0.8 years.

163

Fair Value
Assumptions

Valuation and
related assumption information for Citigroup option programs is presented below.
Citigroup uses a lattice-type model to value stock options.

 For options granted
 during

2011

2010

2009

 Weighted-average per-share fair

        value, at December
 31

$

13.90

$

16.60

$

13.80

 Weighted-average expected life

        Original
 grants

4.95 yrs.

6.06 yrs.

5.87 yrs.

 Valuation
 assumptions

        Expected
 volatility

35.64

%

36.42

%

35.89

%

        Risk-free
 interest rate

2.33

%

2.88

%

2.79

%

        Expected
 dividend yield

0.00

%

0.00

%

0.02

%

 Expected
 annual forfeitures

        Original and
 reload grants

9.62

%

9.62

%

7.60

%

Profit Sharing Plan

In October 2010, the Committee approved awards
under the 2010 Key Employee Profit Sharing Plan (KEPSP) which may entitle
participants to profit-sharing payments based on an initial performance
measurement period of January 1, 2010 through December 31, 2012. Generally, if a
participant remains employed and all other conditions to vesting and payment are
satisfied, the participant will be entitled to an initial payment in 2013, as
well as a holdback payment in 2014 that may be reduced based on performance
during the subsequent holdback period (generally, January 1, 2013 through
December 31, 2013). If the vesting and performance conditions are satisfied, a
participant’s initial payment will equal two-thirds of the product of the
cumulative pretax income of Citicorp (as defined in the KEPSP) for the initial
performance period and the participant’s applicable percentage. The initial
payment will be paid after January 20, 2013, but no later than March 15,
2013.

The
participant’s holdback payment, if any, will equal the product of (a) the lesser
of cumulative pretax income of Citicorp for the initial performance period and
cumulative pretax income of Citicorp for the initial performance period and the
holdback period combined (generally, January 1, 2010 through December 31, 2013),
and (b) the participant’s applicable percentage, less the initial payment;
provided that the holdback payment may not be less than zero. The holdback
payment, if any, will be paid after January 20, 2014, but no later than March
15, 2014. The holdback payment, if any, will be credited with notional interest
during the holdback period. It is intended that the initial payment and holdback
payment will be paid in cash; however, awards may be paid in Citi common stock
if required by regulatory authority. Regulators have required that U.K.
participants receive at least 50% of their initial payment and at least 50% of
their holdback payment, if any, in shares of Citi common stock that will be
subject to a six-month sales restriction. Clawbacks apply to the award.

Independent risk function employees were not
eligible to participate in the KEPSP as the independent risk function
participates in the determination of whether payouts will be made under the
KEPSP.

On
February 14, 2011, the Committee approved grants of awards under the 2011 KEPSP
to certain executive officers, and on May 17, 2011, to the CEO. These awards
have a performance period of January 1, 2011 to December 31, 2012, and other
terms of the awards are similar to the 2010 KEPSP.

Expense taken in 2011 in respect of the KEPSP was
$285 million.

Other Incentive
Compensation

Citigroup may at
times issue Cash in Lieu of Equity awards, which are deferred cash awards given
to new hires in replacement of prior employer’s awards or other forfeited
compensation. The vesting schedules and terms and conditions of these deferred
cash awards are generally structured to match the terms of awards or other
compensation from a prior employer that was forfeited to accept employment with
the Company. Expense taken in 2011 for these awards was $172 million.

Additionally, certain subsidiaries or business
units of the Company operate and may from time to time introduce other incentive
plans for certain employees that have an incentive-based award component. These
awards are not considered material to Citigroup’s
operations.

164

9. RETIREMENT BENEFITS

Pension and Postretirement
Plans

The Company has several
non-contributory defined benefit pension plans covering certain U.S. employees
and has various defined benefit pension and termination indemnity plans covering
employees outside the United States. The U.S. qualified defined benefit plan was
frozen effective January 1, 2008, for most employees. Accordingly, no additional
compensation-based contributions were credited to the cash balance portion of
the plan for existing plan participants after 2007. However, certain employees
covered under the prior final pay plan formula continue to accrue benefits. The
Company also offers postretirement health care and life insurance benefits to
certain eligible U.S. retired employees, as well as to certain eligible
employees outside the United States.

The following table summarizes the components of
net (benefit) expense recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income for the
Company’s U.S. qualified and nonqualified pension plans, postretirement plans
and plans outside the United States. The Company uses a December 31 measurement
date for its U.S. and non-U.S. plans.

Contributions

Citigroup’s funding policy for U.S. and non-U.S.
pension plans is generally to fund to minimum funding requirements in accordance
with applicable local laws and regulations. The Company may increase its
contributions above the minimum required contribution, if appropriate. For the
U.S. pension plans, at December 31, 2011 and 2010, there were no minimum
required cash contributions. During 2010, a discretionary cash contribution of
$995 million was made to the plan. For the U.S. non-qualified pension plans, the
Company contributed $51 million in benefits paid directly during 2011, $51 million during 2010 and $55 million during 2009. No
contributions are expected for the U.S. qualified pension plan for 2012 and $53
million of direct payments are expected for the U.S. non-qualified plans for
2012.

For the non-U.S. pension plans, the Company reported $389 million in
employer contributions during 2011, which includes $47 million in benefits paid
directly by the Company. For the non-U.S. pension plans, discretionary cash
contributions for 2012 are anticipated to be approximately $211 million. In
addition, the Company expects to contribute $43 million of benefits to be paid
directly by the Company for its non-U.S. pension plans. For the U.S.
postretirement benefit plans, there are no expected or required contributions
for 2012 other than $55 million of benefit payments expected to be paid directly
by the Company.

For the non-U.S. postretirement benefit plans,
the Company reported $75 million in employer contributions during 2011, which includes $5 million in benefits paid directly by
the Company during the year. For the non-U.S. postretirement benefit plans, expected cash contributions for 2012 are $83 million
including $4 million of benefits to be paid directly by the Company.

These estimates are subject to change, since contribution
decisions are affected by various factors, such as market performance and regulatory requirements. In addition, management has
the ability to change funding policy.

Net (Benefit) Expense

Pension plans

Postretirement benefit
 plans

U.S. plans

Non-U.S. plans

U.S. plans

Non-U.S. plans

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

2009

2011

2010

2009

2011

2010

2009

2011

2010

2009

 Qualified Plans

 Benefits earned
 during the year

$

13

$

14

$

18

$

203

$

167

$

148

   $

—

 $

1

 $

1

$

28

$

23

$

26

 Interest cost on benefit obligation

612

644

649

382

342

301

53

59

61

118

105

89

 Expected return
 on plan assets

(890

)

(874

)

(912

)

(422

)

(378

)

(336

)

(6

)

(8

)

(10

)

(117

)

(100

)

(77

)

 Amortization of unrecognized

        Net transition
 obligation

—

—

—

(1

)

(1

)

(1

)

—

—

—

—

—

—

        Prior service cost
 (benefit)

(1

)

(1

)

(1

)

4

4

4

(3

)

(3

)

(1

)

—

—

—

        Net actuarial loss

64

47

10

72

57

60

3

11

2

24

20

18

 Curtailment (gain) loss (1)

—

—

47

4

1

(8

)

—

—

—

—

—

—

 Settlement
 (gain) loss

—

—

—

10

7

15

—

—

—

—

—

—

 Special termination
 benefits

—

—

—

27

5

15

—

—

—

—

—

—

 Net qualified (benefit)
 expense

$

(202

)

$

(170

)

$

(189

)

$

279

$

204

$

198

$

47

$

60

$

53

$

53

$

48

$

56

 Nonqualified plans
 expense

$

42

$

41

$

41

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

 Total net (benefit)
 expense

$

(160

)

$

(129

)

$

(148

)

$

279

$

204

$

198

$

47

$

60

$

53

$

53

$

48

$

56

 (1)

The 2009 curtailment gain in the
 non-U.S. pension plans includes an $18 million gain reflecting the sale of
 Citigroup’s Nikko operations. See Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further discussion of the sale of Nikko
 operations.

165

     The
estimated net actuarial loss, prior service cost and net transition obligation
that will be amortized from 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

 into net expense in 2012 are approximately $181
million, $2 million and $(1) million, respectively, for defined benefit pension
plans. For postretirement plans, the estimated 2012 net actuarial loss and prior
service cost amortizations are approximately $32 million and $(1) million,
respectively.

     The following table summarizes the funded
status and amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet for the
Company’s U.S. qualified and nonqualified pension plans, postretirement plans
and plans outside the United States.

Net Amount Recognized

Pension plans

Postretirement benefit
 plans

U.S. plans

 (1)

Non-U.S. plans

U.S. plans

Non-U.S. plans

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

2011

2010

2011

2010

2011

2010

 Change in projected benefit obligation

 Projected
 benefit obligation at beginning of year

 $

11,730

 $

11,178

 $

6,189

 $

5,400

 $

1,179

 $

1,086

 $

1,395

 $

1,141

 Benefits earned during the year

13

14

203

167

—

1

28

23

 Interest cost on
 benefit obligation

612

644

382

342

53

59

118

105

 Plan amendments

—

—

2

8

—

—

—

—

 Actuarial (gain)
 loss

655

537

59

459

(44

)

108

29

120

 Benefits paid

(633

)

(643

)

(288

)

(264

)

(79

)

(87

)

(54

)

(47

)

 Expected
 Medicare Part D subsidy

—

—

—

—

10

12

—

—

 Settlements

—

—

(44

)

(49

)

—

—

—

—

 Curtailments

—

—

3

(5

)

—

—

—

—

 Special/contractual termination benefits

—

—

27

5

—

—

—

—

 Foreign exchange impact and
 other

—

—

(271

)

126

8

—

(148

)

53

 Projected benefit obligation at
 year end

$

12,377

$

11,730

$

6,262

$

6,189

$

1,127

$

1,179

$

1,368

$

1,395

 Change in plan assets

 Plan assets at fair value at beginning of year

$

11,561

$

9,934

$

6,145

$

5,592

$

95

$

114

$

1,176

$

967

 Actual return on plan assets

1,063

1,271

526

432

5

10

40

126

 Company contributions (2)

—

999

389

305

53

58

75

75

 Plan participants contributions

—

—

6

6

—

—

—

—

 Settlements

—

—

(44

)

(49

)

—

—

—

—

 Benefits paid

(633

)

(643

)

(288

)

(264

)

(79

)

(87

)

(54

)

(47

)

 Foreign exchange impact and
 other

—

—

(313

)

123

—

—

(141

)

55

 Plan assets at fair value at
 year end

$

11,991

$

11,561

$

6,421

$

6,145

$

74

$

95

$

1,096

$

1,176

 Funded status of the plan at
 year end (3)

$

(386

)

$

(169

)

$

159

$

(44

)

$

(1,053

)

$

(1,084

)

$

(272

)

$

(219

)

 Net amount recognized

 Benefit asset

$

—

$

—

$

874

$

528

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

52

 Benefit liability

(386

)

(169

)

(715

)

(572

)

(1,053

)

(1,084

)

(272

)

(271

)

 Net amount recognized on the
 balance sheet

$

(386

)

$

(169

)

$

159

$

(44

)

$

(1,053

)

$

(1,084

)

$

(272

)

$

(219

)

 Amounts recognized in 

Accumulated

        other comprehensive income
 (loss)

 Net transition obligation

$

—

$

—

$

(1

)

$

(2

)

$

—

$

—

$

1

$

1

 Prior service cost (benefit)

(1

)

(1

)

23

26

(3

)

(6

)

(5

)

(6

)

 Net actuarial loss

4,440

4,021

1,454

1,652

152

194

509

486

 Net amount recognized in
 equity—pretax

$

4,439

$

4,020

$

1,476

$

1,676

$

149

$

188

$

505

$

481

 Accumulated benefit obligation
 at year end

$

12,337

$

11,689

$

5,463

$

5,576

$

1,127

$

1,179

$

1,368

$

1,395

 (1)

The U.S. plans exclude
 nonqualified pension plans, for which the aggregate projected benefit
 obligation was $713 million and $658 million and the aggregate accumulated
 benefit obligation was $694 million and $648 million at December 31, 2011
 and 2010, respectively. These plans are unfunded. As such, the funded
 status of these plans is $(713) million and $(658) million at December 31,
 2011 and 2010, respectively. Accumulated other comprehensive income
 (loss) 
reflects pretax charges of $231
 million and $167 million at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, that
 primarily relate to net actuarial loss.

 (2)

There were no Company
 contributions to the U.S. pension plan during 2011 and $999 million during
 2010, which includes a discretionary cash contribution of $995 million in
 2010 and advisory fees paid to Citi Alternative Investments. Company
 contributions to the non-U.S. pension plans include $47 million and $40
 million of benefits paid directly by the Company during 2011 and 2010,
 respectively.

 (3)

The U.S. qualified pension plan
 is fully funded under specified ERISA funding rules as of January 1, 2011 and no minimum required funding is expected for 2011 and
 2012.

166

     The
following table shows the change in
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

for the years ended December 31, 2011 and
2010:

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

 Balance, January 1, net of tax 

(1)

$

(4,105

)

$

(3,461

)

 Actuarial
 assumptions changes and plan experience (2)

(820

)

(1,257

)

 Net asset gain due to actual returns

        exceeding expected
 returns

197

479

 Net
 amortizations

183

137

 Foreign exchange impact and other

28

(437

)

 Change in deferred taxes,
net

235

434

 Change, net of
tax

$

(177

)

$

(644

)

 Balance, December 31, net of tax
 (1)

$

(4,282

)

$

(4,105

)

 (1)

See Note 21 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements for further discussion of net 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

balance.

 (2)

Includes $70 million and $33
 million in net actuarial losses related to U.S. nonqualified pension plans
 for 2011 and 2010, respectively.

     At the end of 2011 and 2010, for both
qualified and nonqualified plans and for both funded and unfunded plans, the
aggregate projected benefit obligation (PBO), the aggregate accumulated benefit
obligation (ABO), and the aggregate fair value of plan assets are presented for pension plans
with a projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets and for pension plans with an accumulated
benefit obligation in excess of plan assets as follows:

PBO exceeds fair value of plan

ABO exceeds fair value of plan

assets

assets

U.S. plans

 (1)

Non-U.S. plans

U.S. plans

 (1)

Non-U.S. plans

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

2011

2010

2011

2010

2011

2010

 Projected benefit obligation

$

13,089

$

12,388

$

2,386

$

2,305

$

13,089

$

12,388

$

1,970

$

1,549

 Accumulated
 benefit obligation

13,031

12,337

1,992

1,949

13,031

12,337

1,691

1,340

 Fair value of plan
assets

11,991

11,561

1,671

1,732

11,991

11,561

1,139

1,046

 (1)

In 2011, the PBO and ABO of the
 U.S. plans include $12,377 million and $12,337 million, respectively,
 relating to the qualified plan and $712 million and $694 million,
 respectively, relating to the nonqualified plans. In 2010, the PBO and ABO
 of the U.S. plans include $11,730 million and $11,689 million,
 respectively, relating to the qualified plan and $658 million and $648
 million, respectively, relating to the nonqualified
 plans.

     At December 31, 2011, combined
accumulated benefit obligations for the U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans,
excluding U.S. nonqualified plans, exceeded plan assets by $0.6 billion. At
December 31, 2010, combined accumulated benefit obligations for the U.S. and
non-U.S. pension plans, excluding U.S. nonqualified plans, exceeded plan assets
by $0.4 billion.

167

Plan Assumptions

Citigroup utilizes a number of assumptions to
determine plan obligations and expense. Changes in one or a combination of these
assumptions will have an impact on the Company’s pension and postretirement PBO,
funded status and benefit expense. Changes in the plans’ funded status resulting
from changes in the PBO and fair value of plan assets will have a corresponding
impact on 
Accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss)

.

A discussion of certain assumptions
follows.

Discount Rate

The discount rates for the U.S. pension and
postretirement plans were selected by reference to a Citigroup-specific analysis
using each plan’s specific cash flows and compared with high quality corporate
bond indices for reasonableness. Citigroup’s policy is to round to the nearest
five hundredths of a percent. Accordingly, at December 31, 2011, the discount
rate was set at 4.70% for the pension plans and 4.30% for the postretirement
plans. At December 31, 2010, the discount rate was set at 5.45% for the pension
plans and 5.10% for the postretirement plans, referencing a Citigroup-specific
cash flow analysis.

The discount rates for the non-U.S. pension and
postretirement plans are selected by reference to high quality corporate bond
rates in countries that have developed corporate bond markets. However, where
developed corporate bond markets do not exist, the discount rates are selected
by reference to local government bond rates with a premium added to reflect the
additional risk for corporate bonds.

     The discount rate and future rate of
compensation assumptions used in determining pension and postretirement benefit
obligations and net benefit expense for the Company’s plans are shown in the
following table:

 At year end

2011

2010

 Discount rate

 U.S. plans
 (1)

        Pension

4.70

%

5.45

%

        Postretirement

4.30

5.10

 Non-U.S. pension plans

        Range

1.75 to
 13.25

1.75 to
 14.00

        Weighted average

5.94

6.23

 Future
 compensation increase rate

 U.S. plans (2)

3.00

3.00

 Non-U.S. pension
 plans

        Range

1.60 to 13.30

1.0 to 11.0

        Weighted average

4.04

4.66

 During the year

2011

2010

 Discount rate

 U.S. plans
 (1)

        Pension

5.45

%

5.90

%

        Postretirement

5.10

5.55

 Non-U.S. pension plans

        Range

1.75 to
 14.00

2.00 to
 13.25

        Weighted average

6.23

6.50

 Future
 compensation increase rate

 U.S. plans (2)

3.00

3.00

 Non-U.S. pension
 plans

        Range

1.00 to 11.00

1.00 to 12.00

 Weighted average

4.66

4.60

 (1)

Weighted-average rates for the
 U.S. plans equal the stated rates.

 (2)

Effective January 1, 2008, the
 U.S. qualified pension plan was frozen except for certain grandfathered
 employees accruing benefits under a final pay plan formula. Only the
 future compensation increases for these grandfathered employees will
 affect future pension expense and obligations. Future compensation
 increase rates for small groups of employees were
4%.

168

A one-percentage-point change
in the discount rates would have the following effects on pension
expense:

One-percentage-point increase

One-percentage-point decrease

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

2009

2011

2010

2009

 Effect on pension
 expense for U.S. plans (1)

$

19

    $

19

 $

14

$

(34

)

$

(34

)

$

(27

)

 Effect on pension expense for non-U.S. plans

(57

)

(49

)

(40

)

70

56

62

 (1)

Due to the freeze of the U.S.
 qualified pension plan commencing January 1, 2008, the majority of the
 prospective service cost has been eliminated and the gain/loss
 amortization period was changed to the life expectancy for inactive
 participants. As a result, pension expense for the U.S. qualified pension
 plan is driven more by interest costs than service costs, and an increase
 in the discount rate would increase pension expense, while a decrease in
 the discount rate would decrease pension
expense.

Assumed health-care cost-trend rates were
as follows:

2011

2010

 Health-care cost increase rate for U.S. plans

 Following year

9.00

%

9.50

%

 Ultimate rate to which cost
 increase is assumed to decline

5.00

5.00

 Year in which the ultimate rate is
 reached

2020

2020

     A
one-percentage-point change in assumed health-care cost-trend rates would have
the following effects:

One-

One-percentage-

percentage-

point increase

point decrease

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

2011

2010

 Effect on benefits earned and

        interest cost for U.S.
 plans

      $

2

     $

3

   $

(2

)

$

(2

)

 Effect on
 accumulated

        postretirement
 benefit

 obligation for U.S. plans

43

49

(38

)

(44

)

Expected Rate of
Return

Citigroup determines
its assumptions for the expected rate of return on plan assets for its U.S.
pension and postretirement plans using a “building block” approach, which
focuses on ranges of anticipated rates of return for each asset class. A
weighted range of nominal rates is then determined based on target allocations
to each asset class. Market performance over a number of earlier years is
evaluated covering a wide range of economic conditions to determine whether
there are sound reasons for projecting any past
trends.

Citigroup considers the expected rate of return to be a long-term
assessment of return expectations and does not anticipate changing this
assumption annually unless there are significant changes in investment strategy
or economic conditions. This contrasts with the selection of the discount rate,
future compensation increase rate, and certain other assumptions, which are
reconsidered annually in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles.

     The expected rate of return for the U.S.
pension and postretirement plans was 7.50% at December 31, 2011, 7.50% at
December 31, 2010, and 7.75% at December 31, 2009, reflecting a change in
investment allocations during 2010. Actual returns in 2011 and 2010 were greater
than the expected returns, while actual returns in 2009 were less than the
expected returns. This expected amount reflects the expected annual appreciation
of the plan assets and reduces the annual pension expense of Citigroup. It is
deducted from the sum of service cost, interest and other components of pension
expense to arrive at the net pension (benefit) expense. Net pension (benefit)
expense for the U.S. pension plans for 2011, 2010, and 2009 reflects deductions
of $890 million, $874 million, and $912 million of expected returns,
respectively.

     The following
table shows the expected versus actual rate of return on plan assets
for 2011, 2010 and 2009 for the U.S. pension and postretirement plans:

2011

2010

2009

 Expected rate of return

7.50

%

7.50

%

7.75

%

 Actual rate of return
 (1)

11.13

%

14.11

%

(2.77

)%

 (1)

Actual rates of return are
 presented gross of fees.

     For
the non-U.S. plans, pension expense for 2011 was reduced by the expected return
of $422 million, compared with the actual return of $526 million. Pension
expense for 2010 and 2009 was reduced by expected returns of $378 million and
$336 million, respectively. Actual returns were higher in 2011, 2010, and 2009
than the expected returns in those years.

The expected long-term rates of return on assets used in determining the
Company’s pension expense are shown below:

2011

2010

 Rate of return on assets

 U.S.
 plans (1)

7.50

%

7.75

%

 Non-U.S. pension plans

        Range

1.00 to
 12.50

1.75 to
 13.00

        Weighted average

6.89

6.96

 (1)

Weighted-average rates for the U.S. plans equal the stated rates.

169

A one-percentage-point change
in the expected rates of return would have the following effects on pension
expense:

One-percentage-point
 increase

One-percentage-point
 decrease

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

2009

2011

2010

2009

 Effect on pension expense for U.S. plans

$

(118

)

$

(119

)

$

(109

)

$118

$119

$109

 Effect on pension expense for non-U.S.
 plans

(62

)

(54

)

(44

)

62

54

44

Plan Assets

Citigroup’s pension and postretirement plans’
asset allocations for the U.S. plans at the end of 2011 and 2010, and the target
allocations for 2012 by asset category based on asset fair values, are as
follows:

Target
 asset

U.S. pension assets

U.S. postretirement assets

allocation

at December 31,

at December 31,

 Asset category 

(1)

2012

2011

2010

2011

2010

 Equity securities (2)

0-34

%

16

%

15

%

16

%

15

%

 Debt
 securities

30-67

44

40

44

39

 Real estate

0-7

5

5

5

5

 Private
 equity

0-15

13

16

13

16

 Other investments

8-29

22

24

22

25

 Total

 100

%

100

%

                        100

%

100

%

 (1)

Target asset allocations for the
 U.S. plans are set by investment strategy, not by investment product. For
 example, private equities with an underlying investment in real estate are
 classified in the real estate asset category, not private
 equity.

 (2)

Equity securities in the U.S.
 pension plans include no Citigroup common stock at the end of 2011 and
 2010.

     Third-party investment managers and advisors provide their services to
Citigroup’s U.S. pension plans. Assets are rebalanced as the Pension Plan
Investment Committee deems appropriate. Citigroup’s investment strategy, with
respect to its pension assets, is to maintain a globally diversified investment
portfolio across several asset classes that, when combined with Citigroup’s
contributions to the plans, will maintain the plans’ ability to meet all
required benefit obligations.

     Citigroup’s pension and postretirement
plans’ weighted-average asset allocations for the non-U.S. plans and the actual
ranges at the end of 2011 and 2010, and the weighted-average target allocations
for 2012 by asset category based on asset fair values are as
follows:

Non-U.S. pension plans

Weighted-average

Actual range

Weighted-average

target asset
allocation

at December 31,

at December 31,

 Asset category

2012

2011

2010

2011

2010

 Equity securities

20

%

0 to 65

%

0 to 67

%

19

%

22

%

 Debt
 securities

73

0 to
 99

0 to
 100

71

68

 Real estate

1

0 to 42

0 to 43

1

1

 Other investments

6

0 to 100

0 to 100

9

9

 Total

100

%

          100

%

100

%

Non-U.S. postretirement
 plans

Weighted-average

Actual range

Weighted-average

target asset
allocation

at December 31,

at December 31,

 Asset category

2012

2011

2010

2011

2010

 Equity securities

44

%

0 to 44

%

0 to 43

%

44

%

43

%

 Debt
 securities

45

45 to
 100

47 to
 100

45

47

 Other investments

11

0 to 11

0 to 10

11

10

 Total

100

%

100

%

100

%

170

Fair Value
Disclosure

For information on
fair value measurements, including descriptions of Level 1, 2 and 3 of the fair
value hierarchy and the valuation methodology utilized by the Company, see
“Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates” and Note 25 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

     Certain investments may transfer between the fair value hierarchy classifications during the year due to changes in valuation methodology and pricing sources. There were no significant transfers of investments between level 1 and level 2 during the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010.

     Plan assets by detailed asset categories
and the fair value hierarchy are as follows:

 In millions of
dollars

U.S. pension and postretirement
 benefit plans

 (1)

Fair value measurement at December
 31, 2011

 Asset categories

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

 Equity securities

        U.S. equity

      $

572

      $

5

      $

51

      $

628

        Non-U.S. equity

229

—

19

248

 Mutual
 funds

137

—

—

137

 Commingled funds

440

594

—

1,034

 Debt
 securities

        U.S. Treasuries

1,760

—

—

1,760

        U.S. agency

—

120

—

120

        U.S. corporate bonds

2

1,073

5

1,080

        Non-U.S. government
 debt

—

352

—

352

        Non-U.S. corporate
 bonds

4

271

—

275

        State and municipal
 debt

—

122

—

122

 Hedge funds

—

1,087

870

1,957

 Asset-backed
 securities

—

19

—

19

 Mortgage-backed securities

—

32

—

32

 Annuity
 contracts

—

—

155

155

 Private equity

—

—

2,474

2,474

 Derivatives

691

36

—

727

 Other investments

92

20

121

233

 Total investments at fair
 value

$

3,927

$

3,731

$

3,695

$

11,353

 Cash and short-term investments

$

412

$

402

$

—

$

814

 Other investment receivables

—

393

221

614

 Total assets

$

4,339

$

4,526

$

3,916

$

12,781

 Other investment liabilities

$

(683

)

$

(33

)

$

—

$

(716

)

 Total net assets

$

3,656

$

4,493

$

3,916

$

12,065

 (1)

The investments of the U.S.
 pension and postretirement benefit plans are commingled in one trust. At
 December 31, 2011, the allocable interests of the U.S. pension and
 postretirement benefit plans were 99.2% and 0.8%,
 respectively.

171

 In millions of
dollars

U.S. pension and postretirement
 benefit plans

 (1)

Fair value measurement at December
 31, 2010

 Asset categories (2)

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

 Equity securities

        U.S. equity

    $

530

  $

9

    $

—

    $

539

        Non-U.S. equity

432

4

—

436

 Mutual
 funds

920

—

—

920

 Commingled funds

773

—

—

773

 Debt
 securities

        U.S. Treasuries

1,039

—

—

1,039

        U.S. agency

—

90

—

90

        U.S. corporate bonds

—

1,050

5

1,055

        Non-U.S. government
 debt

—

243

—

243

        Non-U.S. corporate
 bonds

—

219

1

220

        State and municipal
 debt

—

62

—

62

 Hedge funds

—

1,521

1,014

2,535

 Asset-backed
 securities

—

28

—

28

 Mortgage-backed securities

—

25

—

25

 Annuity
 contracts

—

—

187

187

 Private equity

—

—

2,920

2,920

 Derivatives

9

634

—

643

 Other investments

9

—

4

13

 Total investments at fair
 value

$

3,712

$

3,885

$

4,131

$

11,728

 Cash and short-term
 investments

$

152

$

361

$

—

$

513

 Other investment receivables

—

21

—

21

 Total assets

$

3,864

$

4,267

$

4,131

$

12,262

 Other investment
 liabilities

$

(16

)

$

(590

)

$

—

$

(606

)

 Total net
 assets

$

3,848

$

3,677

$

4,131

$

11,656

 (1)

The investments of the U.S.
 pension and postretirement benefit plans are commingled in one trust. At
 December 31, 2010, the allocable interests of the U.S. pension and
 postretirement benefit plans were 99.2% and 0.8%,
 respectively.

 (2)

Balances at December 31, 2010 have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s presentation.

172

 In millions of
dollars

Non-U.S. pension and postretirement
 benefit plans

Fair value measurement at December
 31, 2011

 Asset categories

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

 Equity securities

        U.S. equity

 $

12

$

—

$

—

$

12

        Non-U.S. equity

48

180

5

233

 Mutual
 funds

11

4,439

32

4,482

 Commingled funds

26

—

—

26

 Debt
 securities

        U.S. Treasuries

1

—

—

1

        U.S. corporate bonds

1

379

—

380

        Non-U.S. government
 debt

1,484

129

5

1,618

        Non-U.S. corporate
 bonds

5

318

3

326

        State and municipal
 debt

—

—

—

—

 Hedge funds

—

3

12

15

 Mortgage-backed securities

1

—

—

1

 Annuity contracts

—

3

—

3

 Derivatives

—

3

—

3

 Other investments

3

6

240

249

 Total investments at fair
 value

$

1,592

$

5,460

$

297

$

7,349

 Cash and short-term
 investments

$

168

$

 —

$

—

$

168

 Total assets

$

1,760

$

5,460

$

297

$

7,517

 In millions of
dollars

Non-U.S. pension and postretirement
 benefit plans

Fair value measurement at December
 31, 2010

 Asset categories
 (1)

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

 Equity securities

        U.S. equity

$

12

$

20

$

—

$

32

        Non-U.S. equity

117

423

3

543

 Mutual
 funds

183

4,773

—

4,956

 Commingled funds

—

—

—

—

 Debt securities

        U.S. Treasuries

2

26

—

28

        U.S. corporate bonds

—

354

—

354

        Non-U.S. government
 debt

167

404

—

571

        Non-U.S. corporate
 bonds

4

354

107

465

        State and municipal
 debt

—

15

—

15

 Hedge funds

4

—

14

18

 Mortgage-backed securities

—

2

—

2

 Annuity contracts

—

—

—

—

 Derivatives

—

—

—

—

 Other investments

9

29

189

227

 Total investments at fair
 value

$

498

$

6,400

$

313

$

7,211

 Cash and short-term
 investments

$

92

$

18

$

—

$

110

 Total assets

$

590

$

6,418

$

313

$

7,321

 (1)

Balances at December 31, 2010
 have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s
 presentation.

173

Level 3 Roll
Forward

The reconciliations of
the beginning and ending balances during the period for Level 3 assets are as
follows:

 In millions of
dollars

U.S. pension and postretirement
 benefit plans

Beginning Level 3

Realized

Unrealized

Purchases,

Transfers in

Ending Level 3

fair value at

gains

gains

sales, and

and/or out of

fair value at

 Asset categories

Dec. 31,
 2010

(losses)

(losses)

issuances

Level 3

Dec. 31,
 2011

 Equity securities

        U.S. equity

 $

—

 $

—

 $

—

 $

—

    $

51

 $

51

        Non-U.S. equity

—

—

(1

)

—

20

19

 Debt securities

        U.S. corporate bonds

5

(2

)

(1

)

(1

)

4

5

        Non-U.S. corporate
 bonds

1

—

—

(1

)

—

—

 Hedge funds

1,014

42

(45

)

(131

)

(10

)

870

 Annuity contracts

187

—

3

(35

)

—

155

 Private equity

2,920

89

94

(497

)

(132

)

2,474

 Other investments

4

—

(6

)

—

123

121

 Total investments

$

4,131

$

129

$

44

$

(665

)

$

56

$

3,695

 Other investment
 receivables

—

—

—

221

—

221

 Total assets

$

4,131

$

129

$

44

$

(444

)

$

56

$

3,916

 In millions of
dollars

U.S. pension and postretirement
 benefit plans

Beginning Level 3

Realized

Unrealized

Purchases,

Transfers in

Ending Level 3

fair value at

gains

gains

sales, and

and/or out of

fair value at

 Asset categories

Dec. 31, 2009

(losses)

(losses)

issuances

Level 3

Dec. 31, 2010

 Equity securities

        U.S. equity

$

1

$

(1

)

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

        Non-U.S. equity

1

(1

)

—

—

—

—

 Debt
 securities

        U.S. corporate bonds

1

—

—

3

1

5

        Non-U.S. corporate
 bonds

—

—

—

1

—

1

 Hedge funds

1,235

(15

)

85

(220

)

(71

)

1,014

 Annuity
 contracts

215

(44

)

55

(39

)

—

187

 Private equity

2,539

148

292

(59

)

—

2,920

 Other investments

148

(66

)

(66

)

(16

)

4

4

 Total assets

$

4,140

$

21

$

366

$

(330

)

$

(66

)

$

4,131

 In millions of
dollars

Non-U.S. pension and postretirement
 benefit plans

Beginning Level 3

Realized

Unrealized

Purchases,

Transfers in

Ending Level 3

fair value at

gains

gains

sales, and

and/or out of

fair value at

 Asset categories
 (1)

Dec. 31, 2010

(losses)

(losses)

issuances

Level 3

Dec. 31, 2011

 Equity securities

        Non-U.S. equity

    $

3

 $

—

 $

2

  $

—

  $

—

        $

5

 Mutual funds

—

—

—

—

32

32

 Debt
 securities

        Non-U.S. government
 bonds

—

—

—

—

5

5

        Non U.S. corporate
 bonds

107

—

—

2

(105

)

4

 Hedge funds

14

(2

)

—

—

—

12

 Other investments

189

4

(10

)

56

239

 Total assets

$

313

$

2

$

2

$

(8

)

$

(12

)

$

297

 (1)

Balances at December 31, 2010
 have been reclassified to conform to the current year’s
 presentation.

174

 In millions of
dollars

Non-U.S. pension and postretirement
 benefit plans

Beginning Level 3

Realized

Unrealized

Purchases,

Transfers in

Ending Level 3

fair value at

gains

gains

sales, and

and/or out of

fair value at

 Asset categories (1)

Dec. 31, 2009

(losses)

(losses)

issuances

Level 3

Dec. 31, 2010

 Equity securities

        Non-U.S. equity

$

2

$

—

$

1

$

—

$

—

$

3

 Debt securities

        Non-U.S. corporate
 bonds

91

—

—

16

—

107

 Hedge funds

14

—

—

—

—

14

 Other investments

205

(5

)

3

—

(14

)

189

 Total assets

$

312

$

(5

)

$

4

$

16

$

(14

)

$

313

 (1)

Balances have been reclassified
 to conform to the current year’s
presentation.

Investment
Strategy

Citigroup’s global pension and
postretirement funds’ investment strategies are to invest in a prudent manner
for the exclusive purpose of providing benefits to participants. The investment
strategies are targeted to produce a total return that, when combined with
Citigroup’s contributions to the funds, will maintain the funds’ ability to meet
all required benefit obligations. Risk is controlled through diversification of
asset types and investments in domestic and international equities, fixed-income
securities and cash and short-term investments. The target asset allocation in
most locations outside the U.S. is to have the majority of the assets in equity
and debt securities. These allocations may vary by geographic region and country
depending on the nature of applicable obligations and various other regional
considerations. The wide variation in the actual range of plan asset allocations
for the funded non-U.S. plans is a result of differing local statutory
requirements and economic conditions. For example, in certain countries local
law requires that all pension plan assets must be invested in fixed-income
investments, government funds, or local-country securities. 

Significant Concentrations of Risk
in Plan Assets

The assets of Citigroup’s
pension plans are diversified to limit the impact of any individual investment.
The U.S. pension plan is diversified across multiple asset classes, with
publicly traded fixed income, hedge funds and private equity representing the
most significant asset allocations. Investments in these three asset classes are
further diversified across funds, managers, strategies, vintages, sectors and
geographies, depending on the specific characteristics of each asset class. The
pension assets for Citigroup’s largest non-U.S. plans are primarily invested in
publicly traded fixed income and publicly traded equity securities.

Oversight and Risk Management
Practices

The framework for Citigroup’s
pensions oversight process includes monitoring of retirement plans by plan
fiduciaries and/or management at the global, regional or country level, as
appropriate. Independent risk management contributes to the risk oversight and
monitoring for Citigroup’s U.S. pension plans and largest non-U.S. pension
plans. Although the specific components of the oversight process are tailored to
the requirements of each region, country and plan, the following elements are
common to Citigroup’s monitoring and risk management process:

 Periodic asset/liability management studies and
 strategic asset 
allocation reviews 

Periodic monitoring of funding levels and funding
 ratios 

Periodic monitoring of compliance with asset
 allocation guidelines 

Periodic monitoring of asset class and/or
 investment manager 
performance against
 benchmarks 

Periodic risk capital analysis and stress
 testing 

175

Estimated Future Benefit
Payments

The Company expects to pay the
following estimated benefit payments in future years: 

U.S. plans

Non-U.S. plans

Pension

Postretirement

Pension

Postretirement

 In millions of
dollars

benefits

benefits

benefits

benefits

 2012

$

748

$

102

$

331

$

50

 2013

762

93

324

50

 2014

773

90

344

53

 2015

785

91

358

56

 2016

800

89

380

60

 2017–2021

4,271

407

2,235

377

Prescription
Drugs

In December 2003, the Medicare
Prescription Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (Act of 2003) was
enacted. The Act of 2003 established a prescription drug benefit under Medicare
known as “Medicare Part D,” and a federal subsidy to sponsors of U.S. retiree
health-care benefit plans that provide a benefit that is at least 

actuarially equivalent to Medicare Part D. The benefits provided to certain participants are
at least actuarially equivalent to Medicare Part D and, accordingly, the Company
is entitled to a subsidy.

The expected subsidy reduced the
accumulated postretirement benefit obligation (APBO) by approximately $96
million and $139 million as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, and the
postretirement expense by approximately $10 million and $9 million for 2011 and
2010, respectively. 

The following table shows the estimated
future benefit payments without the effect of the subsidy and the amounts of the
expected subsidy in future years: 

Expected U.S.

postretirement benefit
 payments

Before Medicare

Medicare

After Medicare

 In millions of
dollars

Part D subsidy

Part D subsidy

Part D subsidy

 2012

$

112

$

10

$

102

 2013

103

10

93

 2014

101

11

90

 2015

99

8

91

 2016

97

8

89

 2017–2021

440

33

407

     The
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education
Reconciliation Act of 2010 (collectively, the Act of 2010) were signed into law
in the U.S. in March 2010. One provision that impacted Citigroup was the
elimination of the tax deductibility for benefits paid that are related to the
Medicare Part D subsidy, starting in 2013. Citigroup was required to recognize
the full accounting impact in 2010, the period in which the Act of 2010 was
signed. As a result, there was a $45 million reduction in deferred tax assets
with a corresponding charge to earnings from continuing operations. The other
provisions of the Act of 2010 are not expected to have a significant impact on
Citigroup’s pension and postretirement plans.

Defined Contribution
Plans

Citigroup administers
defined contribution plans in the U.S. and in certain non-U.S. locations, all of
which are administered in accordance with local laws. The most significant plan
of these plans is the Citigroup 401(k) plan in the U.S.

Under the Citigroup 401(k) plan, eligible U.S. employees received
matching contributions of up to 6% of their compensation for 2011 and up to 4%
for 2010, subject to statutory limits. The matching contribution is invested
according to participants’ individual elections. Additionally, for eligible
employees whose compensation is $100,000 or less, a fixed contribution of up to
2% of compensation is provided. The matching

and
fixed contributions are invested according to participants’ individual
elections. The pretax expense associated with this plan amounted to
approximately $383 million, $301 million and $442 million in 2011, 2010 and
2009, respectively. The change in expense, year-over-year, reflects the
fluctuations of the matching contribution rate.

Postemployment Plans

Citigroup
sponsors U.S. postemployment plans that provide income continuation and health and welfare benefits to certain eligible
U.S. employees on long term disability. For the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, the plans’ funded status
recognized in the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet was $(469) million and $(436) million, respectively. The net
expense recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income during 2011, 2010, and 2009 were $67 million, $69 million, and
$57 million, respectively. The estimated net actuarial loss and prior service cost that will be amortized from 
Accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss)

 into net expense in 2012 are approximately
$169 million and $19 million, respectively. 

176

10. INCOME TAXES 

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Current

 Federal

$

(144

)

$

(249

)

$

(1,711

)

 Foreign

3,498

3,239

3,101

 State

241

207

(414

)

 Total current income taxes

$

3,595

$

3,197

$

976

 Deferred

 Federal

$

(793

)

$

(933

)

$

(6,892

)

 Foreign

628

279

(182

)

 State

91

(310

)

(635

)

 Total deferred income
 taxes

$

(74

)

$

(964

)

$

(7,709

)

 Provision (benefit) for income tax on

        continuing operations
 before

        noncontrolling interests

(1)

$

3,521

$

2,233

$

(6,733

)

 Provision
 (benefit) for income taxes on

        discontinued
 operations

66

(562

)

(106

)

 Provision (benefit) for income taxes on

        cumulative
 effect of accounting changes

—

(4,978

)

—

 Income tax
 expense (benefit) reported in

        stockholders’
 equity related to:

 Foreign currency translation

(609

)

(739

)

(415

)

 Securities available-for-sale

1,495

1,167

2,765

 Employee stock plans

297

600

1,351

 Cash flow hedges

(92

)

325

1,165

 Pension liability adjustments

(235

)

(434

)

(513

)

 Tax on exchange offer booked to

 retained earnings

—

—

3,523

 Income taxes before
 noncontrolling interests

$

4,443

$

(2,388

)

$

1,037

 (1)

Includes the effect of
 securities transactions and OTTI losses resulting in a provision (benefit)
 of $699 million and $(789) million in 2011, $844 million and $(494)
 million in 2010 and $698 million and $(1,017) million in 2009,
 respectively.

     The
reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate to the Company’s
effective income tax rate applicable to income from continuing operations
(before noncontrolling interests and the cumulative effect of accounting
changes) for the years ended December 31 was as follows:

2011

2010

2009

 Federal statutory rate

35.0

%

35.0

%

35.0

%

 State income taxes, net of
 federal benefit

1.5

(0.1

)

8.4

 Foreign income
 tax rate differential

(8.6

)

(10.0

)

26.0

 Audit settlements
 (1)

—

(0.5

)

4.4

 Effect of tax
 law changes (2)

2.0

(0.1

)

—

 Tax advantaged
 investments

(6.0

)

(6.7

)

11.8

 Other, net

0.2

(0.7

)

0.7

 Effective income tax rate

24.1

%

16.9

%

86.3

%

 (1)

For 2010 and 2009, relates
 to the conclusion of the audit of various issues in the Company’s
 2003–2005 U.S. federal tax audit. For 2009, also includes a tax benefit
 relating to the release of tax reserves on interchange
 fees.

 (2)

Includes the results of the Japan tax rate change in 2011, which resulted in a $300
 million DTA charge.

Deferred income taxes at December 31 related to the following:

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

 Deferred tax assets

 Credit loss
 deduction

$

12,481

$

16,085

 Deferred compensation and employee benefits

4,936

4,998

 Restructuring
 and settlement reserves

1,331

785

 Unremitted foreign earnings

7,362

5,673

 Investment and
 loan basis differences

2,358

1,906

 Cash flow hedges

1,673

1,581

 Tax credit and
 net operating loss carryforwards

22,764

23,204

 Other deferred tax
assets

2,127

1,563

 Gross deferred
 tax assets

$

55,032

$

55,795

 Valuation allowance

—

—

 Deferred tax
 assets after valuation allowance

$

55,032

$

55,795

 Deferred tax liabilities

 Deferred policy
 acquisition costs

        and value of insurance in
 force

$

(591

)

$

(737

)

 Fixed assets and leases

(1,361

)

(1,325

)

 Intangibles

(710

)

(1,188

)

 Debt valuation adjustment on Citi liabilities

(533

)

(124

)

 Other deferred tax
 liabilities

(307

)

(326

)

 Gross deferred tax
 liabilities

$

(3,502

)

$

(3,700

)

 Net deferred tax
asset

$

51,530

$

52,095

177

The following is
a roll-forward of the Company’s unrecognized tax benefits.

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Total unrecognized tax benefits at January
 1

$

4,035

$

3,079

$

3,468

 Net amount of increases for
 current year’s tax      
 positions

193

1,039

195

 Gross amount of
 increases for prior years’ tax      
 positions

251

371

392

 Gross amount of decreases for
 prior years’ tax      
 positions

(507

)

(421

)

(870

)

 Amounts of
 decreases relating to settlements

(11

)

(14

)

(104

)

 Reductions due to lapse of
 statutes of limitation

(38

)

(11

)

(12

)

 Foreign exchange, acquisitions and
 dispositions

—

(8

)

10

 Total unrecognized tax benefits at December
 31

$

3,923

$

4,035

$

3,079

Total amount of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2011, 2010 and
2009 that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate are $2.2 billion,
$2.1 billion and $2.2 billion, respectively. The remainder of the uncertain tax
positions have offsetting amounts in other jurisdictions or are temporary
differences, except for $0.9 billion at December 31, 2011, which would be booked
directly to 

Retained
earnings.

Interest and penalties (not included in “unrecognized tax benefits”
above) are a component of the 
Provision for
income taxes

.

2011

2010

2009

 In millions of
dollars

Pretax

Net of tax

Pretax

Net of tax

Pretax

 Net of tax

 Total interest and penalties in the Consolidated Balance Sheet at
 January 1

$

348

$

223

$

370

$

239

$

663

$

420

 Total interest
 and penalties in the Consolidated Statement of Income

61

41

(16

)

(12

)

(250

)

(154

)

 Total interest and penalties in
 the Consolidated Balance Sheet at December 31 (1)

404

261

348

223

370

239

 (1)

Includes $14 million for
 foreign penalties and $4 million for state
penalties.

The Company is currently under audit by the Internal Revenue Service and
other major taxing jurisdictions around the world. It is thus reasonably
possible that significant changes in the gross balance of unrecognized tax
benefits may occur within the next 12 months, but the Company does not expect
such audits to result in amounts that would cause a significant change to its
effective tax rate, other than the following items.

The
Company expects to conclude the IRS audit of its U.S. federal consolidated
income tax returns for the years 2006-2008 and may resolve certain issues with
IRS Appeals for the years 2003-2005 within the next 12 months. The gross
uncertain tax positions at December 31, 2011 for the items that may be resolved
for 2003-2008 are as much as $1,510 million plus gross interest of $70 million.
Because of the number of issues remaining to be resolved, the potential tax
benefit to continuing operations could be anywhere in a range between $0 and
$1,200 million. In addition, the Company expects to conclude a New York City audit for 2006-2008 in the first quarter of 2012 that will result in a reduction of approximately $82 million in gross uncertain tax positions and a reduction in gross interest of approximately $13 million and which could result in a tax benefit to continuing operations of approximately $56 million. 

The following are the major tax
jurisdictions in which the Company and its affiliates operate and the earliest
tax year subject to examination: 

 Jurisdiction

Tax year

 United
 States

2006

 Mexico

2008

 New York State
 and City

2005

 United Kingdom

2010

 Japan

2009

 Brazil

2007

 Singapore

2005

 Hong Kong

2006

 Ireland

2007

Foreign pretax earnings
approximated $13.1 billion in 2011, $12.3 billion in 2010 and $6.1 billion in
2009 (of which $0.2 billion profit, $0.1 billion profit and $0.6 billion loss,
respectively, are in discontinued operations). As a U.S. corporation, Citigroup
and its U.S. subsidiaries are currently subject to U.S. taxation on all foreign
pretax earnings earned by a foreign branch. Pretax earnings of a foreign
subsidiary or affiliate are subject to U.S. taxation when effectively
repatriated. The Company provides income taxes on the undistributed earnings of
non-U.S. subsidiaries except to the extent that such earnings are indefinitely
reinvested outside the United States. At December 31, 2011, $35.9 billion of
accumulated undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries were indefinitely
invested. At the existing U.S. federal income tax rate, additional taxes (net of
U.S. foreign tax credits) of $9.5 billion would have to be provided if such
earnings were remitted currently. The current year’s effect on the income tax
expense from continuing operations is included in the “Foreign income tax rate
differential” line in the reconciliation of the federal statutory rate to the
Company’s effective income tax rate in the table above.

Income
taxes are not provided for the Company’s “savings bank base year bad debt
reserves” that arose before 1988, because under current U.S. tax rules, such
taxes will become payable only to the extent such amounts are distributed in
excess of limits prescribed by federal law. At December 31, 2011, the amount of
the base year reserves totaled approximately $358 million (subject to a tax of $125 million).

178

     The Company has
no valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets (DTAs) at December 31, 2011
and December 31, 2010. 

 In billions of
dollars

DTA balance

DTA
 balance

 Jurisdiction/component

December 31, 2011

December 31, 2010

 U.S. federal 

(1)

 Consolidated tax
 return net

        operating losses
 (NOLs)

$

—

$

3.8

 Consolidated tax return

        foreign tax credits
 (FTCs)

15.8

13.9

 Consolidated tax
 return

        general business credits
 (GBCs)

2.1

1.7

 Future tax deductions and credits

23.0

21.8

 Other (2)

1.4

0.4

 Total U.S.
federal

$

42.3

$

41.6

 State and
 local

 New York NOLs

$

1.3

$

1.7

 Other state
 NOLs

0.7

0.8

 Future tax deductions

2.2

2.1

 Total state and local

$

4.2

$

4.6

 Foreign

 APB 23
 subsidiary NOLs

$

0.5

$

0.5

 Non-APB 23 subsidiary NOLs

1.8

1.5

 Future tax deductions

2.7

3.9

 Total foreign

$

5.0

$

5.9

 Total

$

51.5

$

52.1

 (1)

Included in the net U.S. federal DTAs of $42.3
 billion are deferred tax liabilities of $3 billion that will reverse in
 the relevant carryforward period and may be used to support the DTAs, and
 $0.2 billion in compensation deductions that reduced additional paid-in
 capital in January 2012 and for which no adjustment was permitted to such
 DTAs at December 31, 2011 because the related stock compensation was not
 yet deductible to Citi.

 (2)

Includes $1.2 billion and $0.1 billion for 2011 and
 2010, respectively, of tax carryforwards related to companies that file
 U.S. federal tax returns separate from Citigroup’s consolidated U.S.
 federal tax return.

The following table summarizes the amounts of tax carryforwards and their
expiration dates as of December 31, 2011:

 In billions of
dollars

 Year of expiration

Amount

 U.S. consolidated tax return foreign tax credit
 carryforwards

 2016

$

0.4

 2017

4.9

 2018

5.3

 2019

1.3

 2020

2.2

 2021

1.7

 Total U.S. consolidated tax
 return foreign tax credit      

carryforwards

$

15.8

 U.S. consolidated tax return general business
 credit       carryforwards

 2027

$

0.3

 2028

0.4

 2029

0.4

 2030

0.5

 2031

0.5

 Total U.S. consolidated tax
 return general business       credit
 carryforwards

$

2.1

 U.S. separate tax returns federal net
 operating loss       

(NOL) carryforwards

 2028

$

0.2

 2031

2.9

 Total U.S. separate tax returns
 federal NOL carryforwards 

(1)

$

3.1

 New York
 State NOL carryforwards

 2027

$

0.1

 2028

7.4

 2029

2.0

 2030

0.3

 Total New York State NOL
 carryforwards (1)

$

9.8

 New York City NOL carryforwards

 2027

$

0.1

 2028

3.1

 2029

1.5

 2030

0.2

 Total New York City NOL
 carryforwards (1)

$

4.9

 APB 23 subsidiary NOL carryforwards

 2012

$

0.4

 Various

0.1

 Total APB 23 subsidiary NOL
 carryforwards

$

0.5

 (1)

Pretax.

179

     Although
realization is not assured, the Company believes that the realization of the
recognized net DTA of $51.5 billion at December 31, 2011 is more likely than not based
upon expectations as to future taxable income in the jurisdictions in which the
DTAs arise and available tax planning strategies, as defined in ASC 740,

Income Taxes

 (formerly SFAS 109), that would be implemented, if necessary, to prevent
a carryforward from expiring.
     In general, Citi would need to generate
approximately $111 billion of taxable income during the respective carryforward
periods to fully realize its U.S. federal, state and local DTAs. Citi’s net DTAs
will decline primarily as additional domestic GAAP taxable income is
generated.

As of December 31, 2011, Citi was no longer in a three-year
cumulative loss position for purposes of evaluating its DTAs. While this removes
a significant piece of negative evidence in evaluating the need for a valuation
allowance, Citi will continue to weigh the evidence supporting its DTAs. Citi
has concluded that there are two pieces of positive evidence which support the
full realizability of its DTAs. First, Citi forecasts sufficient taxable income
in the carryforward period, exclusive of tax planning strategies. Second, Citi
has sufficient tax planning strategies, including potential sales of assets, in
which it could realize the excess of appreciated value over the tax basis of its
assets. The amount of the DTAs considered realizable, however, is necessarily
subject to Citi’s estimates of future taxable income in the jurisdictions in
which it operates during the respective carryforward periods, which is in turn
subject to overall market and global economic conditions. 

     The U.S. federal
consolidated tax return NOL carryforward component of the DTAs of $3.8 billion at
December 31, 2010 was utilized in 2011. Based upon the foregoing discussion, as
well as tax planning opportunities and other factors discussed below, Citi
believes the U.S. federal and New York state and city NOL carryforward period of
20 years provides enough time to fully utilize the DTAs pertaining to the existing NOL carryforwards and any NOL
that would be created by the reversal of the future net deductions that have not
yet been taken on a tax return. 

Because the U.S. federal consolidated tax return NOL carryforward
has been utilized, Citi can begin to utilize its foreign tax credit (FTC) and
general business credit (GBC) carryforwards. The U.S. FTC carryforward period is
10 years. Utilization of foreign tax credits in any year is restricted to 35% of
foreign source taxable income in that year. However, overall domestic losses
that the Company has incurred of approximately $56 billion as of December 31,
2011 are allowed to be reclassified as foreign source income to the extent of
50% of domestic source income produced in subsequent years and such resulting
foreign source income would in fact be sufficient to cover the foreign tax credits
being carried forward. As such, Citi believes the
foreign source taxable income limitation will not be an impediment to the
foreign tax credit carryforward usage as long as Citi can generate sufficient
domestic taxable income within the 10-year carryforward period.

Regarding the estimate of future taxable income, Citi has projected its
pretax earnings, predominantly based upon the “core” businesses that Citi
intends to conduct going forward. These “core” businesses have produced steady
and strong earnings in the past. Citi believes that it will generate sufficient
pretax earnings within the 10-year carryforward period referenced above to be
able to fully utilize the foreign tax credit carryforward, in addition to any
foreign tax credits produced in such period. 

As
mentioned above, Citi has also examined tax planning strategies available to it
in accordance with ASC 740 that would be employed, if necessary, to prevent a
carryforward from expiring and to accelerate the usage of its carryforwards.
These strategies include repatriating low taxed foreign source earnings for
which an assertion that the earnings have been indefinitely reinvested has not been
made, accelerating U.S. taxable income into or deferring U.S. tax deductions out
of the latter years of the carryforward period (e.g., selling appreciated
intangible assets and electing straight-line depreciation), accelerating
deductible temporary differences outside the U.S., holding onto
available-for-sale debt securities with losses until they mature and selling
certain assets that produce tax exempt income, while purchasing assets that
produce fully taxable income. In addition, the sale or restructuring of certain
businesses can produce significant U.S. taxable income within the relevant
carryforward periods. 

As previously disclosed, Citi’s ability to
utilize its DTAs to offset future taxable income may be significantly limited if
Citi experiences an “ownership change,” as defined in Section 382 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). Generally, an ownership
change will occur if there is a cumulative change in Citi’s ownership by “5%
shareholders” (as defined in the Code) that exceeds 50 percentage points over a
rolling three-year period. Any limitation on Citi’s ability to utilize its DTAs
arising from an ownership change under Section 382 will depend on the value of
Citi’s stock at the time of the ownership change.

180

11. EARNINGS PER
SHARE

The following is a reconciliation of the
income and share data used in the basic and diluted earnings per share (EPS)
computations for the years ended December 31:

 In millions, except per-share
 amounts

2011

 (1)

2010

 (1)

2009

 (1)

 Income (loss) from continuing
 operations before attribution of noncontrolling interests

$

11,103

$

10,951

$

(1,066

)

 Less: Noncontrolling interests from continuing
 operations

148

329

95

 Net income (loss) from continuing
 operations (for EPS purposes)

$

10,955

$

10,622

$

(1,161

)

 Income (loss) from discontinued
 operations, net of taxes

112

(68

)

(445

)

 Less: Noncontrolling interests from discontinuing
 operations

—

(48

)

—

 Citigroup’s net income (loss)

$

11,067

$

10,602

$

(1,606

)

 Less: Impact of
 the public and private preferred stock exchange offers

—

—

3,242

 Less: Preferred
 dividends

26

9

2,988

 Less: Impact of
 the conversion price reset related to the $12.5 billion

        convertible
 preferred stock private issuance

—

—

1,285

 Less: Preferred stock Series H discount
 accretion

—

—

123

 Net income (loss) available to common
 shareholders

$

11,041

$

10,593

$

(9,244

)

 Less: Dividends and
 undistributed earnings allocated to employee restricted and

        deferred shares
 that contain nonforfeitable rights to dividends, applicable to basic
 EPS

186

90

2

 Net income (loss) allocated to common
 shareholders for basic EPS (2)

$

10,855

$

10,503

$

(9,246

)

 Add: Interest expense, net of
 tax, on convertible securities and

        adjustment of
 undistributed earnings allocated to employee

        restricted and
 deferred shares that contain nonforfeitable rights

        to dividends,
 applicable to diluted EPS

17

2

540

 Net income (loss)
 allocated to common shareholders for diluted EPS
 (2)

$

10,872

$

10,505

$

(8,706

)

 Weighted-average common shares outstanding applicable to
 basic EPS

2,909.8

2,877.6

1,156.8

 Effect of
 dilutive securities

        Convertible
 securities

0.1

0.1

31.2

        Other employee
 plans

0.5

1.9

—

 Options

0.8

0.4

—

        TDECs

87.6

87.8

21.9

 Adjusted weighted-average common shares
 outstanding applicable to diluted EPS (3)

2,998.8

2,967.8

1,209.9

 Basic earnings per share

 Income (loss) from continuing
 operations

$

3.69

$

3.66

$

(7.61

)

 Discontinued operations

0.04

(0.01

)

(0.38

)

 Net income (loss)

$

3.73

$

3.65

$

(7.99

)

 Diluted earnings per share
 (2)(3)

 Income (loss) from continuing
 operations

$

3.59

$

3.55

$

(7.61

)

 Discontinued operations

0.04

(0.01

)

(0.38

)

 Net income (loss)

$

3.63

$

3.54

$

(7.99

)

 (1)

All per-share amounts and
 Citigroup shares outstanding for all periods reflect Citigroup’s 1-for-10
 reverse stock split, which was effective May 6, 2011.

 (2)

Due to the net loss
 available to common shareholders in 2009, loss available to common
 stockholders for basic EPS was used to calculate diluted EPS. Including
 the effect of dilutive securities would result in
 anti-dilution.

 (3)

Due to the net loss
 available to common shareholders in 2009, basic shares were used to
 calculate diluted EPS. Adding dilutive securities to the denominator would
 result in anti-dilution.

     During 2011,
2010 and 2009, weighted-average options to purchase 24.1 million, 38.6 million
and 16.6 million shares of common stock, respectively, were outstanding but not
included in the computation of earnings per share because the weighted-average
exercise prices of $123.47, $102.89 and $315.65, respectively, were greater than
the average market price of the Company’s common stock.

Warrants
issued to the U.S. Treasury as part of TARP and the loss-sharing agreement (all
of which were subsequently sold to the public in January 2011), with exercise
prices of $178.50 and $106.10 for approximately 21.0 million and 25.5 million
shares of common stock, respectively, were not included in the computation of
earnings per share in 2010 and 2009, because they were anti-dilutive.

Equity awards granted under the Management Committee Long-Term Incentive
Plan (MC LTIP) were not included in the 2009 computation of earnings per share
because the performance targets under the terms of the awards were not met and,
as a result, the awards expired in the first quarter of 2010.

The final
tranche of equity units held by the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority (ADIA)
converted into 5.9 million shares of Citigroup common stock during the third
quarter of 2011. Equity units of approximately 11.8 million shares and 23.5
million shares of Citigroup common stock held by ADIA were not included in the
computation of earnings per share in 2010 and 2009, respectively, because the
exercise price of $318.30 was greater than the average market price of the
Company’s common stock.

181

12. FEDERAL FUNDS/SECURITIES
BORROWED, LOANED, AND SUBJECT TO REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS

Federal funds sold and securities borrowed
or purchased under agreements to resell, at their respective carrying values,
consisted of the following at December 31:

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

 Federal funds
 sold

$

37

$

227

 Securities purchased under
 agreements to resell (1)

153,492

129,918

 Deposits paid for securities borrowed

122,320

116,572

 Total

$

275,849

$

246,717

 (1)

Securities purchased under
 agreements to resell are reported net by counterparty, when applicable
 requirements for net presentation are met. The amounts in the table above
 were reduced for allowable netting by $53.0 billion and $54.7 billion at
 December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively.

     Federal funds purchased and securities
loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase, at their respective carrying
values, consisted of the following at December 31:

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

 Federal funds
 purchased

$

688

$

478

 Securities sold under agreements
 to repurchase (1)

164,849

160,598

 Deposits received for securities loaned

32,836

28,482

 Total

$

198,373

$

189,558

 (1)

Securities sold under
 agreements to repurchase are reported net by counterparty, when applicable
 requirements for net presentation are met. The amounts in the table above
 were reduced for allowable netting by $53.0 billion and $54.7 billion at
 December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively.

     The resale and
repurchase agreements represent collateralized financing transactions. The
Company executes these transactions through its broker-dealer subsidiaries to
facilitate customer matched-book activity and to efficiently fund a portion of
the Company’s trading inventory. Transactions executed by the Company’s bank
subsidiaries primarily facilitate customer financing activity.

It is the
Company’s policy to take possession of the underlying collateral, monitor its
market value relative to the amounts due under the agreements and, when
necessary, require prompt transfer of additional collateral in order to maintain
contractual margin protection. Collateral typically consists of government and
government-agency securities, corporate and municipal bonds, and mortgage-backed
and other asset-backed securities. In the event of counterparty default, the
financing agreement provides the Company with the right to liquidate the
collateral held.

The majority of the resale and repurchase agreements are
recorded at fair value. The remaining portion is carried at the amount of cash
initially advanced or received, plus accrued interest, as specified in the
respective agreements.

A majority of securities borrowing and lending agreements are recorded at
the amount of cash advanced or received and are collateralized principally by
government and government-agency securities and corporate debt and equity
securities. The remaining portion is recorded at fair value as the Company
elected the fair value option for certain securities borrowed and loaned
portfolios. With respect to securities loaned, the Company receives cash
collateral in an amount generally in excess of the market value of the
securities loaned. The Company monitors the market value of securities borrowed
and securities loaned on a daily basis and obtains or posts additional
collateral in order to maintain contractual margin
protection.

182

13. BROKERAGE RECEIVABLES AND
BROKERAGE PAYABLES

The Company has receivables and payables
for financial instruments purchased from and sold to brokers, dealers and
customers, which arise in the ordinary course of business. The Company is
exposed to risk of loss from the inability of brokers, dealers or customers to
pay for purchases or to deliver the financial instruments sold, in which case
the Company would have to sell or purchase the financial instruments at
prevailing market prices. Credit risk is reduced to the extent that an exchange
or clearing organization acts as a counterparty to the transaction and performs
for the broker, dealer or customer in question.

The Company seeks to protect itself from
the risks associated with customer activities by requiring customers to maintain
margin collateral in compliance with regulatory and internal guidelines. Margin
levels are monitored daily and customers deposit additional collateral as
required. Where customers cannot meet collateral requirements, the Company will
liquidate sufficient underlying financial instruments to bring the customer into
compliance with the required margin level.

Exposure to credit risk is impacted by
market volatility, which may impair the ability of clients to satisfy their
obligations to the Company. Credit limits are established and closely monitored
for customers and for brokers and dealers engaged in forwards, futures and other
transactions deemed to be credit sensitive.

Brokerage receivables and brokerage
payables consisted of the following at December 31:

 In millions of
 dollars

2011

2010

 Receivables from
 customers

$

19,991

$

21,952

 Receivables from brokers, dealers, and
 clearing organizations

7,786

9,261

 Total brokerage
 receivables 

(1)

$

27,777

$

31,213

 Payables to customers

$

40,111

$

36,142

 Payables to brokers, dealers, and
 clearing organizations

16,585

15,607

 Total brokerage payables
 (1)

$

56,696

$

51,749

 (1)

Brokerage
 receivables/payables are reported net by counterparty when applicable
 requirements for net presentation are
met.

14. TRADING ACCOUNT ASSETS AND
LIABILITIES

Trading account assets 

and 
Trading account
liabilities

, at fair value, consisted of the
following at December 31:

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

 Trading account assets

 Mortgage-backed securities
 (1)

        U.S.
 government-sponsored agency guaranteed

$

27,535

$

27,127

        Prime

877

1,514

        Alt-A

609

1,502

        Subprime

989

2,036

        Non-U.S.
 residential

396

1,052

        Commercial

2,333

1,758

 Total mortgage-backed
 securities

$

32,739

$

34,989

 U.S. Treasury and federal agency
 securities

        U.S. Treasury

$

18,227

$

20,168

        Agency
 obligations

1,172

3,418

 Total U.S. Treasury and federal agency
 securities

$

19,399

$

23,586

 State and municipal
 securities

$

5,364

$

7,493

 Foreign
 government securities

79,551

88,311

 Corporate

37,026

51,267

 Derivatives
 (2)

62,327

50,213

 Equity securities

33,230

37,436

 Asset-backed
 securities (1)

7,071

8,761

 Other debt securities

15,027

15,216

 Total trading account
 assets

$

291,734

$

317,272

 Trading account liabilities

 Securities sold,
 not yet purchased

$

69,809

$

69,324

 Derivatives (2)

56,273

59,730

 Total trading account
 liabilities

$

126,082

$

129,054

 (1)

The Company invests in
 mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. These securitizations are
 generally considered VIEs. The Company’s maximum exposure to loss from
 these VIEs is equal to the carrying amount of the securities, which is
 reflected in the table above. For mortgage-backed and asset-backed
 securitizations in which the Company has other involvement, see Note 22 to
 the Consolidated Financial Statements.

 (2)

Presented net, pursuant to
 master netting agreements. See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for a discussion regarding the accounting and reporting for
 derivatives.

183

15. INVESTMENTS

Overview

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

 Securities
 available-for-sale

$

265,204

$

274,079

 Debt securities held-to-maturity
 (1)

11,483

29,107

 Non-marketable
 equity securities carried at fair value (2)

8,836

7,095

 Non-marketable equity securities carried at cost
 (3)

7,890

7,883

 Total
 investments

$

293,413

$

318,164

 (1)

 Recorded at
 amortized cost less impairment for securities that have credit-related
 impairment.

 (2)

Unrealized gains and losses for non-marketable equity securities
 carried at fair value are recognized in earnings.

 (3)

Non-marketable equity securities carried at cost primarily consist
 of shares issued by the Federal Reserve Bank, Federal Home Loan Banks,
 foreign central banks and various clearing houses of which Citigroup is a
 member.

Securities
Available-for-Sale

The amortized cost and
fair value of securities available-for-sale (AFS) at December 31, 2011 and
December 31, 2010 were as follows:

2011

2010

Gross

Gross

Gross

Gross

Amortized

unrealized

unrealized

Amortized

unrealized

unrealized

 In millions of
dollars

cost

gains

losses

Fair value

cost

gains

losses

Fair value

 Debt securities AFS

 Mortgage-backed
 securities (1)

        U.S. government-sponsored
 agency guaranteed

$

44,394

$

1,438

$

51

$

45,781

$

23,433

$

425

  $

235

$

23,623

        Prime

118

1

6

113

1,985

18

177

1,826

        Alt-A

1

—

—

1

46

2

—

48

        Subprime

—

—

—

—

119

1

1

119

        Non-U.S.
 residential

4,671

9

22

4,658

315

1

—

316

        Commercial

465

16

9

472

592

21

39

574

 Total mortgage-backed
 securities

 $

49,649

 $

1,464

 $

88

        $

51,025

 $

26,490

 $

468

      $

452

 $

26,506

 U.S. Treasury
 and federal agency securities

        U.S. Treasury

$

48,790

$

1,439

$

—

$

50,229

$

58,069

$

435

$

56

$

58,448

        Agency
 obligations

34,310

601

2

34,909

43,294

375

55

43,614

 Total U.S. Treasury and federal
 agency securities

$

83,100

$

2,040

$

2

$

85,138

$

101,363

$

810

$

111

$

102,062

 State and
 municipal

$

16,819

$

134

$

2,554

$

14,399

$

15,660

$

75

$

2,500

$

13,235

 Foreign government

84,360

558

404

84,514

99,110

984

415

99,679

 Corporate

10,005

305

53

10,257

15,417

319

59

15,677

 Asset-backed securities (1)

11,053

31

81

11,003

9,085

31

68

9,048

 Other debt securities

670

13

—

683

1,948

24

60

1,912

 Total debt securities
AFS

$

255,656

$

4,545

$

3,182

$

257,019

$

269,073

$

2,711

$

3,665

$

268,119

 Marketable equity securities
 AFS

$

6,722

$

1,658

$

195

$

8,185

$

3,791

$

2,380

$

211

$

5,960

 Total securities
 AFS

$

262,378

$

6,203

$

3,377

$

265,204

$

272,864

$

5,091

$

3,876

$

274,079

 (1)

 The Company invests
 in mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. These securitizations are
 generally considered VIEs. The Company’s maximum exposure to loss from
 these VIEs is equal to the carrying amount of the securities, which is
 reflected in the table above. For mortgage-backed and asset-backed
 securitizations in which the Company has other involvement, see Note 22 to
 the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

     At December
31, 2011, the amortized cost of approximately 4,000 investments in equity and
fixed-income securities exceeded their fair value by $3.377 billion. Of the
$3.377 billion, the gross unrealized loss on equity securities was $195 million.
Of the remainder, $362 million represents fixed-income investments that have
been in a gross-unrealized-loss position for less than a year and, of these, 99%
are rated investment grade; $2.820 billion represents fixed-income investments
that have been in a gross-unrealized-loss position for a year or more and, of
these, 95% are rated investment grade.

The
AFS mortgage-backed securities portfolio fair value balance of $51.025 billion
consists of $45.781 billion of government-sponsored agency securities, and
$5.244 billion of privately sponsored securities, of which the majority is
backed by mortgages that are not Alt-A or subprime.

As discussed
in more detail below, the Company conducts and documents periodic reviews of all
securities with unrealized losses to evaluate whether the impairment is other
than temporary. Any credit-related impairment related to debt securities the
Company does not plan to sell and is not likely to be required to sell is
recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income, with the non-credit-related
impairment recognized in AOCI. For other impaired debt securities, the entire
impairment is recognized in the Consolidated Statement of
Income.

184

     The table
below shows the fair value of AFS securities that have been in an unrealized
loss position for less than 12 months or for 12 months or longer as of December
31, 2011 and December 31, 2010:

Less than 12 months

12 months or longer

Total

Gross

Gross

Gross

Fair

unrealized

Fair

unrealized

Fair

unrealized

 In millions of
dollars

value

losses

value

losses

value

losses

 December 31, 2011

 Securities
 AFS

 Mortgage-backed securities

        U.S. government-sponsored
 agency guaranteed

$

5,398

$

32

$

51

$

19

$

5,449

$

51

        Prime

27

1

40

5

67

6

        Alt-A

—

—

—

—

—

—

        Subprime

—

—

—

—

—

—

        Non-U.S.
 residential

3,418

22

57

—

3,475

22

        Commercial

35

1

31

8

66

9

 Total mortgage-backed
 securities

$

8,878

$

56

$

179

$

32

$

9,057

$

88

 U.S. Treasury and federal agency securities

        U.S. Treasury

$

553

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

553

$

—

        Agency
 obligations

2,970

2

—

—

2,970

2

 Total U.S. Treasury and federal agency
 securities

$

3,523

$

2

$

—

$

—

$

3,523

$

2

 State and municipal

$

59

$

2

$

11,591

$

2,552

$

11,650

$

2,554

 Foreign
 government

33,109

211

11,205

193

44,314

404

 Corporate

2,104

24

203

29

2,307

53

 Asset-backed
 securities

4,625

68

466

13

5,091

81

 Other debt securities

164

—

—

—

164

—

 Marketable equity securities
 AFS

47

5

1,457

190

1,504

195

 Total securities
 AFS

       $

52,509

       $

368

$

25,101

       $

3,009

$

77,610

       $

3,377

 December 31,
 2010

 Securities AFS

 Mortgage-backed
 securities

        U.S. government-sponsored
 agency guaranteed

$

8,321

$

214

$

38

$

21

$

8,359

$

235

        Prime

89

3

1,506

174

1,595

177

        Alt-A

10

—

—

—

10

—

        Subprime

118

1

—

—

118

1

        Non-U.S.
 residential

—

—

135

—

135

—

        Commercial

81

9

53

30

134

39

 Total mortgage-backed
 securities

$

8,619

$

227

$

1,732

$

225

$

10,351

$

452

 U.S. Treasury
 and federal agency securities

        U.S. Treasury

$

9,229

$

21

$

725

$

35

$

9,954

$

56

        Agency
 obligations

9,680

55

—

—

9,680

55

 Total U.S. Treasury and federal
 agency securities

$

18,909

$

76

$

725

$

35

$

19,634

$

111

 State and
 municipal

$

626

$

60

$

11,322

$

2,440

$

11,948

$

2,500

 Foreign government

32,731

271

6,609

144

39,340

415

 Corporate

1,357

32

631

27

1,988

59

 Asset-backed securities

2,533

64

14

4

2,547

68

 Other debt
 securities

—

—

559

60

559

60

 Marketable equity securities
 AFS

68

3

2,039

208

2,107

211

 Total securities AFS

$

64,843

$

733

$

23,631

$

3,143

$

88,474

$

3,876

185

     The
following table presents the amortized cost and fair value of AFS debt
securities by contractual maturity dates as of December 31, 2011 and December
31, 2010:

December 31,
 2011

December 31, 2010

Amortized

Amortized

 In millions of dollars

cost

Fair value

cost

Fair value

 Mortgage-backed securities 

(1)

 Due within 1 year

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

 After 1 but
 within 5 years

422

423

403

375

 After 5 but within 10
 years

2,757

2,834

402

419

 After 10 years (2)

46,470

47,768

25,685

25,712

 Total

$

49,649

$

51,025

$

26,490

$

26,506

 U.S. Treasury and federal agency
 securities

 Due within 1 year

$

14,615

$

14,637

$

36,411

$

36,443

 After 1 but
 within 5 years

62,241

63,823

52,558

53,118

 After 5 but within 10
 years

5,862

6,239

10,604

10,647

 After 10 years (2)

382

439

1,790

1,854

 Total

$

83,100

$

85,138

$

101,363

$

102,062

 State and municipal

 Due within 1 year

$

142

$

142

$

9

$

9

 After 1 but
 within 5 years

455

457

145

149

 After 5 but within 10
 years

182

188

230

235

 After 10 years (2)

16,040

13,612

15,276

12,842

 Total

$

16,819

$

14,399

$

15,660

$

13,235

 Foreign government

 Due within 1 year

$

34,924

$

34,864

$

41,856

$

41,387

 After 1 but
 within 5 years

41,612

41,675

49,983

50,739

 After 5 but within 10
 years

6,993

6,998

6,143

6,264

 After 10 years (2)

831

977

1,128

1,289

 Total

$

84,360

$

84,514

$

99,110

$

99,679

 All other (3)

 Due within 1 year

$

4,055

$

4,072

$

2,162

$

2,164

 After 1 but
 within 5 years

9,843

9,928

17,838

17,947

 After 5 but within 10
 years

3,009

3,160

2,610

2,714

 After 10 years (2)

4,821

4,783

3,840

3,812

 Total

$

21,728

$

21,943

$

26,450

$

26,637

 Total debt securities
 AFS

$

255,656

$

257,019

$

269,073

$

268,119

 (1)

Includes mortgage-backed
 securities of U.S. government-sponsored agencies.

 (2)

Investments with no stated
 maturities are included as contractual maturities of greater than 10
 years. Actual maturities may differ due to call or prepayment
 rights.

 (3)

Includes corporate, asset-backed
 and other debt securities.

The following table presents interest and
dividends on investments:

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Taxable
 interest

$

7,441

$

10,160

$

11,970

 Interest exempt from U.S.
 federal income tax

562

523

627

 Dividends

317

321

285

 Total interest and dividends

$

8,320

$

11,004

$

12,882

The following table presents realized
gains and losses on all investments. The gross realized investment losses
exclude losses from other-than-temporary impairment:

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Gross realized
 investment gains

$

2,498

$

2,873

$

2,090

 Gross realized investment losses

(501

)

(462

)

(94

)

 Net realized gains
 (losses)

$

1,997

$

2,411

$

1,996

During 2010 and 2011, the Company sold
several corporate debt securities and various mortgage-backed and asset-backed
securities that were classified as held-to-maturity. These sales were in
response to a significant deterioration in the creditworthiness of the issuers
or securities. The corporate debt securities sold during 2010 had a carrying
value of $413 million and the Company recorded a realized loss of $49 million.
The mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities sold during 2011 had a carrying
value of $1,612 million and the Company recorded a realized loss of $299
million.

186

Debt Securities
Held-to-Maturity

The carrying value and
fair value of debt securities held-to-maturity (HTM) at December 31, 2011 and
December 31, 2010 were as follows:

Net
 unrealized

loss

Gross

Gross

Amortized

recognized in

Carrying

unrealized

unrealized

Fair

 In millions of
dollars

cost

 (1)

AOCI

value

 (2)

gains

losses

value

 December 31, 2011

 Debt
 securities held-to-maturity

 Mortgage-backed securities (3)

        Prime

$

360

$

73

$

287

$

21

$

20

$

288

        Alt-A

4,732

1,404

3,328

20

319

3,029

        Subprime

383

47

336

1

71

266

        Non-U.S.
 residential

3,487

520

2,967

59

290

2,736

        Commercial

513

1

512

4

52

464

 Total mortgage-backed
 securities

$

9,475

$

2,045

$

7,430

$

105

$

752

$

6,783

 State and
 municipal

     $

1,422

$

95

$

1,327

$

68

$

72

$

1,323

 Corporate

1,862

113

1,749

—

254

1,495

 Asset-backed securities
 (3)

1,000

23

977

9

87

899

 Total debt securities
 held-to-maturity

$

13,759

$

2,276

$

11,483

$

182

$

1,165

$

10,500

 December 31,
 2010

 Debt securities held-to-maturity

 Mortgage-backed
 securities (3)

        Prime

$

4,748

$

794

$

3,954

$

379

$

11

$

4,322

        Alt-A

11,816

3,008

8,808

536

166

9,178

        Subprime

708

75

633

9

72

570

        Non-U.S.
 residential

5,010

793

4,217

259

72

4,404

        Commercial

908

21

887

18

96

809

 Total mortgage-backed
 securities

$

23,190

$

4,691

$

18,499

$

1,201

$

417

$

19,283

 State and municipal

$

2,523

$

127

$

2,396

$

11

$

104

$

2,303

 Corporate

6,569

145

6,424

447

267

6,604

 Asset-backed securities
 (3)

1,855

67

1,788

57

54

1,791

 Total debt securities
 held-to-maturity

$

34,137

$

5,030

$

29,107

$

1,716

$

842

$

29,981

 (1)

For securities transferred
 to HTM from 
Trading account assets

in 2008, amortized cost is defined
 as the fair value of the securities at the date of transfer plus any
 accretion income and less any impairments recognized in earnings
 subsequent to transfer. For securities transferred to HTM from AFS in
 2008, amortized cost is defined as the original purchase cost, plus or
 minus any accretion or amortization of a purchase discount or premium,
 less any impairment recognized in earnings.

 (2)

HTM securities are carried
 on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at amortized cost less any unrealized
 gains and losses recognized in AOCI. The changes in the values of these
 securities are not reported in the financial statements, except for
 other-than-temporary impairments. For HTM securities, only the credit loss
 component of the impairment is recognized in earnings, while the remainder
 of the impairment is recognized in AOCI.

 (3)

The Company invests in
 mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities. These securitizations are
 generally considered VIEs. The Company’s maximum exposure to loss from
 these VIEs is equal to the carrying amount of the securities, which is
 reflected in the table above. For mortgage-backed and asset-backed
 securitizations in which the Company has other involvement, see Note 22 to
 the Consolidated Financial Statements.

     The
Company has the positive intent and ability to hold these securities to maturity
absent any unforeseen further significant changes in circumstances, including
deterioration in credit or with regard to regulatory capital
requirements.

The net unrealized losses classified in AOCI relate to debt
securities reclassified from AFS investments to HTM investments in a prior year.
Additionally, for HTM securities that have suffered credit impairment, declines
in fair value for reasons other than credit losses are recorded in AOCI. The
AOCI balance was $2.3 billion as of December 31, 2011, compared

to $5.0 billion as of December 31, 2010.
The AOCI balance for HTM securities is amortized over the remaining life of the
related securities as an adjustment of yield in a manner consistent with the
accretion of discount on the same debt securities. This will have no impact on
the Company’s net income because the amortization of the unrealized holding loss
reported in equity will offset the effect on interest income of the accretion of
the discount on these securities.

     For any credit-related impairment on
HTM securities, the credit loss component is recognized in
earnings.

187

     During the
first quarter of 2011, the Company determined that it no longer had the intent
to hold $12.7 billion of HTM securities to maturity. As a result, the Company
reclassified $10.0 billion carrying value of mortgage-backed, other
asset-backed, state and municipal, and corporate debt securities from

Investments 

held-to-maturity to 
Trading account
assets

. The Company also sold an additional
$2.7 billion of such HTM securities, recognizing a corresponding receivable from
the unsettled sales as of March 31, 2011. As a result of these actions, a net
pretax loss of $709 million ($427 million after tax) was recognized in the
Consolidated Statement of Income for the three months ended March 31, 2011,
composed of gross unrealized gains of $311 million included in 
Other revenue

, gross
unrealized losses of $1,387 million included in 
Other-than-temporary-impairment losses on investments

, and net realized gains of $367 million included in

Realized gains (losses) on sales of
investments

. Prior to the reclassification,
unrealized losses totalling $1,656 million pretax ($1,012 million after tax) had
been reflected in AOCI (see table below) and have now been reflected in the
Consolidated Statement of Income, as detailed above.

     Citigroup reclassified and sold the
securities as part of its overall efforts to mitigate its risk-weighted assets
(RWA) in order to comply with significant new regulatory capital requirements
which, although not yet implemented or formally adopted, are nonetheless
currently being used to assess the forecasted capital adequacy of the Company
and other large U.S. banking organizations. These regulatory capital changes,
which were largely unforeseen when the Company initially reclassified the debt
securities from 

Trading account
assets

 and 
Investments

 available-for-sale to

Investments

held-to-maturity in the fourth quarter of 2008 (see note 1 to the table below),
include: (i) the U.S. Basel II credit and operational risk capital standards;
(ii) the Basel Committee’s agreed-upon, and the U.S.-proposed, revisions to the
market risk capital rules, which significantly increased the risk weightings for
certain trading book positions; (iii) the Basel Committee’s substantial issuance
of Basel III, which raised the quantity and quality of required regulatory
capital and materially increased RWA for securitization exposures; and (iv)
certain regulatory capital-related provisions in The Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010.

Through December 31, 2011, the Company has
sold substantially all of the $12.7 billion of HTM securities that were reclassified to Trading account assets in the first quarter of 2011. The carrying
value and fair value of debt securities at the date of reclassification or sale
were as follows:

Net
 unrealized

loss

Amortized

recognized in

Carrying

Gross

Gross

Fair

 In millions of
dollars

cost

 (2)

AOCI

value

 (3)

gains

losses

value

 Held-to-maturity debt securities transferred

        to

Trading account assets

or sold
 (1)

 Mortgage-backed
 securities

        Prime

        $

3,410

$

528

$

2,882

$

131

$

131

$

2,882

        Alt-A

5,357

896

4,461

605

188

4,878

        Subprime

240

7

233

5

36

202

        Non-U.S.
 residential

317

75

242

76

2

316

        Commercial

117

18

99

22

—

121

 Total mortgage-backed
 securities

$

9,441

$

1,524

$

7,917

$

839

$

357

$

8,399

 State and municipal

$

900

$

8

$

892

$

68

$

7

$

953

 Corporate

3,569

115

3,454

396

41

3,809

 Asset-backed securities

456

9

447

50

2

495

 Total
 held-to-maturity debt securities transferred

        to

Trading account assets

or sold
 (1)

$

14,366

$

1,656

$

12,710

$

1,353

$

407

$

13,656

 (1)

During the fourth quarter of
 2008, $6.647 billion and $6.063 billion carrying value of these debt
 securities were transferred from 
Trading
 account assets 

and 
Investments 

available-for-sale to 
Investments

held-to-maturity, respectively. The
 transfer of these debt securities from 
Trading account assets 

was in
 response to the significant deterioration in market conditions, which was
 especially acute during the fourth quarter of 2008.

 (2)

For securities transferred to
 held-to-maturity from 
Trading account
 assets 

in 2008, amortized cost is
 defined as the fair value amount of the securities at the date of transfer
 plus any accretion income and less any impairments recognized in earnings
 subsequent to transfer. For securities transferred to held-to-maturity
 from available-for-sale in 2008, amortized cost is defined as the original
 purchase cost, plus or minus any accretion or amortization of a purchase
 discount or premium, less any impairment recognized in
 earnings.

 (3)

Held-to-maturity securities are
 carried on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at amortized cost and the
 changes in the value of these securities other than impairment charges are
 not reported in the financial
statements.

188

     The table
below shows the fair value of debt securities in HTM that have been in an
unrecognized loss position for less than 12 months or for 12 months or longer as
of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010:

Less than 12 months

12 months or longer

Total

Gross

Gross

Gross

Fair

unrecognized

Fair

unrecognized

Fair

unrecognized

 In millions of dollars

value

losses

value

losses

value

losses

 December 31, 2011

 Debt securities held-to-maturity

 Mortgage-backed
 securities

$

735

$

63

$

4,827

$

689

$

5,562

$

752

 State and municipal

—

—

682

72

682

72

 Corporate

—

—

1,427

254

1,427

254

 Asset-backed securities

480

71

306

16

786

87

 Total debt securities
 held-to-maturity

$

1,215

$

134

$

7,242

$

1,031

$

8,457

$

1,165

 December 31, 2010

 Debt securities held-to-maturity

 Mortgage-backed
 securities

$

339

$

30

$

14,410

$

387

$

14,749

$

417

 State and
 municipal

24

—

1,273

104

1,297

104

 Corporate

1,584

143

1,579

124

3,163

267

 Asset-backed securities

159

11

494

43

653

54

 Total debt securities held-to-maturity

$

2,106

$

184

$

17,756

$

658

$

19,862

$

842

     Excluded from the gross
unrecognized losses presented in the above table are the $2.3 billion and $5.0
billion of gross unrealized losses recorded in AOCI as of December 31, 2011 and
December 31, 2010, respectively, mainly related to the HTM securities that were
reclassified from AFS investments. 

Virtually all of these unrecognized
losses relate to securities that have been in a loss position for 12 months or
longer at both December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010.

The following table presents the
carrying value and fair value of HTM debt securities by contractual maturity
dates as of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010:

December 31,
 2011

December 31,
 2010

 In millions of
dollars

Carrying value

Fair value

Carrying value

Fair value

 Mortgage-backed securities

 Due within 1
 year

$

—

$

—

$

21

$

23

 After 1 but within 5 years

275

239

321

309

 After 5 but
 within 10 years

238

224

493

434

 After 10 years
 (1)

6,917

6,320

17,664

18,517

 Total

$

7,430

$

6,783

$

18,499

$

19,283

 State and municipal

 Due within 1
 year

$

4

$

4

$

12

$

12

 After 1 but within 5 years

43

46

55

55

 After 5 but
 within 10 years

31

30

86

85

 After 10 years
 (1)

1,249

1,243

2,243

2,151

 Total

$

1,327

$

1,323

$

2,396

$

2,303

 All other 

(2)

 Due within 1
 year

$

21

$

21

$

351

$

357

 After 1 but within 5 years

470

438

1,344

1,621

 After 5 but
 within 10 years

1,404

1,182

4,885

4,765

 After 10 years
 (1)

831

753

1,632

1,652

 Total

$

2,726

$

2,394

$

8,212

$

8,395

 Total debt securities
 held-to-maturity

$

11,483

$

10,500

$

29,107

$

29,981

 (1)

Investments with no stated
 maturities are included as contractual maturities of greater than 10
 years. Actual maturities may differ due to call or prepayment
 rights.

 (2)

Includes corporate and
 asset-backed securities.

189

Evaluating Investments for
Other-Than-Temporary Impairments

The
Company conducts and documents periodic reviews of all securities with
unrealized losses to evaluate whether the impairment is other than
temporary.

Under
the guidance for debt securities, other-than-temporary impairment (OTTI) is
recognized in earnings for debt securities that the Company has an intent to
sell or that the Company believes it is more-likely-than-not that it will be
required to sell prior to recovery of the amortized cost basis. For those
securities that the Company does not intend to sell or expect to be required to
sell, credit-related impairment is recognized in earnings, with the
non-credit-related impairment recorded in AOCI.

An
unrealized loss exists when the current fair value of an individual security is
less than its amortized cost basis. Unrealized losses that are determined to be
temporary in nature are recorded, net of tax, in AOCI for AFS securities, while
such losses related to HTM securities are not recorded, as these investments are
carried at their amortized cost. For securities transferred to HTM from

Trading account assets,

 amortized cost is defined as the fair value of the securities
at the date of transfer, plus any accretion income and less any impairment
recognized in earnings subsequent to transfer. For securities transferred to HTM
from AFS, amortized cost is defined as the original purchase cost, plus or minus
any accretion or amortization of a purchase discount or premium, less any
impairment recognized in earnings.

Regardless of the classification of the securities as AFS or HTM, the
Company has assessed each position with an unrealized loss for OTTI. Factors
considered in determining whether a loss is temporary include:

 the length of time and the extent to
 which fair value has been below cost;

the severity of the impairment;

the cause of the impairment and the
 financial condition and near-term 
prospects of the issuer; 

activity in the market of the issuer
 that may indicate adverse credit 
conditions; and 

the Company’s ability and intent to
 hold the investment for a period of 
time sufficient to allow for any anticipated
 recovery. 

The
 Company’s review for impairment generally entails: 

identification and evaluation of
 investments that have indications of possible impairment; 

analysis of individual investments
 that have fair values less than 
amortized cost, including consideration of the length of time
 the 
investment has been in an
 unrealized loss position and the expected 
recovery period;

discussion of evidential matter, including an evaluation of
factors or triggers that could cause individual investments to
qualify as having other-than-temporary impairment and those
that would not support other-than-temporary impairment; and

documentation of the results of these analyses, as required under
business policies.

     For equity securities, management
considers the various factors described above, including its intent and ability
to hold the equity security for a period of time sufficient for recovery to cost
or whether it is more-likely-than-not that the Company will be required to sell
the security prior to recovery of its cost basis. Where management lacks that
intent or ability, the security’s decline in fair value is deemed to be
other-than-temporary and is recorded in earnings. AFS equity securities deemed
other-than-temporarily impaired are written down to fair value, with the full
difference between fair value and cost recognized in earnings.

Management assesses equity method investments with fair value less than
carrying value for OTTI. Fair value is measured as price multiplied by quantity
if the investee has publicly listed securities. If the investee is not publicly
listed, other methods are used (see Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements).

For impaired equity method investments that Citi plans to
sell prior to recovery of value, or would likely be required to sell and there is no expectation that the
fair value will recover prior to the expected sale date, the full impairment is
recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income as OTTI regardless of
severity and duration. The measurement of the OTTI does not include partial
projected recoveries subsequent to the balance sheet date.

For
impaired equity method investments that management does not plan to sell prior to recovery of value and is
not likely to be required to sell, the evaluation of whether an impairment is
other than temporary is based on (i) whether and when an equity method
investment will recover in value and (ii) whether the investor has the intent
and ability to hold that investment for a period of time sufficient to recover
the value. The determination of whether the impairment is considered
other-than-temporary is based on all of the following indicators, regardless of
the time and extent of impairment:

 Cause of the impairment and the financial
 condition and near-term 
prospects of the
 issuer, including any specific events that may influence 
the operations of the issuer. 

Intent and ability to hold the investment for a
 period of time sufficient to 
allow for any
 anticipated recovery in market value. 

Length of time and extent to which fair value has
 been less than the 
carrying value.

     At
December 31, 2011, Citi had several equity method investments that had temporary impairment, including its investments in
Akbank and the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney joint venture (MSSB), each as discussed further below. As of December 31,
2011, management does not plan to sell those investments prior to recovery of value and it is not more likely than not that
Citi will be required to sell those investments prior to recovery in value.

     Excluding
the impact of foreign currency translation and related hedges, the fair value of Citi’s equity method investment
in Akbank had exceeded its carrying value. During the fourth quarter of 2011, however, the fair value of Citi’s
equity method investment in Akbank declined, resulting in a temporary impairment. During 2012 to date, Akbank’s share
price has recovered significantly, and as of February 23, 2012, the temporary impairment was approximately $0.2 billion.
As of

190

December 31, 2011
and February 23, 2012, foreign currency translation and related hedges on this
equity method investment totaled an additional cumulative pretax loss of
approximately $0.9 billion.

     Regarding Citi’s equity method
investment in MSSB, Citi has evaluated this investment for OTTI based on the
qualitative and quantitative measures discussed herein (see also Note 25 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements). As of December 31, 2011, Citi’s
carrying value of this equity method investment was approximately $10
billion.  Based on the midpoint of the current range of estimated values,
analysis indicates that a temporary impairment may exist; however, based on this
analysis, the potential temporary impairment was not
material.

For debt
securities that are not deemed to be credit impaired, management assesses
whether it intends to sell or whether it is more-likely-than-not that it would
be required to sell the investment before the expected recovery of the amortized
cost basis. In most cases, management has asserted that it has no intent to sell
and that it believes it is not likely to be required to sell the investment
before recovery of its amortized cost basis. Where such an assertion cannot be
made, the security’s decline in fair value is deemed to be other than temporary
and is recorded in earnings.

For
debt securities, a critical component of the evaluation for OTTI is the
identification of credit impaired securities, where management does not expect
to receive cash flows sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis of
the security. For securities purchased and classified as AFS with the
expectation of receiving full principal and interest cash flows as of the date
of purchase, this analysis considers the likelihood of receiving all contractual
principal and interest. For securities reclassified out of the trading category
in the fourth quarter of 2008, the analysis considers the likelihood of
receiving the expected principal and interest cash flows anticipated as of the
date of reclassification in the fourth quarter of 2008. The extent of the
Company’s analysis regarding credit quality and the stress on assumptions used
in the analysis have been refined for securities where the current fair value or
other characteristics of the security warrant. The paragraphs below describe the
Company’s process for identifying credit-related impairments in security types
with the most significant unrealized losses as of December 31, 2011.

Mortgage-backed
securities

For U.S. mortgage-backed
securities (and in particular for Alt-A and other mortgage-backed securities
that have significant unrealized losses as a percentage of amortized cost),
credit impairment is assessed using a cash flow model that estimates the cash
flows on the underlying mortgages, using the security-specific collateral and
transaction structure. The model estimates cash flows from the underlying
mortgage loans and distributes those cash flows to various tranches of
securities, considering the transaction structure and any subordination and
credit enhancements that exist in that structure. The cash flow model
incorporates actual cash flows on the mortgage-backed securities through the
current period and then projects the remaining cash flows using a number of
assumptions, including default rates, prepayment rates and recovery rates (on
foreclosed properties).

Management develops specific assumptions using as much market data as
possible and includes internal estimates as well as estimates published

by
rating agencies and other third-party sources. Default rates are projected by
considering current underlying mortgage loan performance, generally assuming the
default of (1) 10% of current loans, (2) 25% of 30–59 day delinquent loans, (3)
70% of 60–90 day delinquent loans and (4) 100% of 91+ day delinquent loans.
These estimates are extrapolated along a default timing curve to estimate the
total lifetime pool default rate. Other assumptions used contemplate the actual
collateral attributes, including geographic concentrations, rating agency loss
projections, rating actions and current market prices.

     The key assumptions for
mortgage-backed securities as of December 31, 2011 are in the table
below:

December 31, 2011

 Prepayment rate
 (1)

1%–8% CRR

 Loss severity (2)

45%–95%

 (1)

Conditional Repayment Rate
 (CRR) represents the annualized expected rate of voluntary prepayment of
 principal for mortgage-backed securities over a certain period of
 time.

 (2)

Loss severity rates are
 estimated considering collateral characteristics and generally range from
 45%–60% for prime bonds, 50%–95% for Alt-A bonds and 65%–90% for subprime
 bonds.

     The valuation as of December 31,
2011 assumes that U.S. housing prices will decrease 4% in 2012, decrease 1% in
2013, remain flat in 2014 and increase 3% per year from 2015 onwards, while
unemployment is 8.9% for 2012.

In
addition, cash flow projections are developed using more stressful parameters.
Management assesses the results of those stress tests (including the severity of
any cash shortfall indicated and the likelihood of the stress scenarios actually
occurring based on the underlying pool’s characteristics and performance) to
assess whether management expects to recover the amortized cost basis of the
security. If cash flow projections indicate that the Company does not expect to
recover its amortized cost basis, the Company recognizes the estimated credit
loss in earnings.

State and municipal
securities

Citigroup’s AFS state and
municipal bonds consist mainly of bonds that are financed through Tender Option
Bond programs or were previously financed in this program. The process for
identifying credit impairments for these bonds is largely based on third-party
credit ratings. Individual bond positions are required to meet minimum ratings
requirements, which vary based on the sector of the bond issuer.

Citigroup monitors the bond issuer and insurer ratings on a daily basis.
The average portfolio rating, ignoring any insurance, is Aa3/AA-. In the event
of a downgrade of the bond below Aa3/AA-, the subject bond is specifically
reviewed for potential shortfall in contractual principal and interest. The
remainder of Citigroup’s AFS and HTM state and municipal bonds are specifically
reviewed for credit impairment based on instrument-specific estimates of cash
flows, probability of default and loss given default.

For
impaired AFS state and municipal bonds that Citi plans to sell, or would likely
be required to sell and there is no expectation that the fair value will recover
prior to the expected sale date, the full impairment is recognized in
earnings.

191

Recognition and Measurement of
OTTI

The following table presents the total
OTTI recognized in earnings for the year ended December 31, 2011:

 OTTI on Investments

Year ended December 31,
 2011

 In millions of
dollars

AFS

HTM

Total

 Impairment losses related to securities that the Company does not
 intend to sell nor will

        likely be required to
 sell:

        Total OTTI
 losses recognized during the year ended December 31, 2011

$

81

$

662

$

743

        Less: portion of OTTI
 loss recognized in AOCI (before taxes)

49

110

159

 Net impairment losses recognized in earnings for
 securities that the Company does not intend

        to sell nor
 will likely be required to sell

$

32

$

552

$

584

 OTTI losses
 recognized in earnings for securities that the Company intends to
 sell

        or more-likely-than-not
 will be required to sell before recovery

283

1,387

1,670

 Total impairment losses
 recognized in earnings

         $

315

$

1,939

$

2,254

The following is a 12 month roll-forward
of the credit-related impairments recognized in earnings for AFS and HTM debt
securities held as of December 31, 2011 that the Company does not intend to sell
nor will likely be required to sell:

Cumulative OTTI credit losses
 recognized in earnings

Credit impairments

Credit impairments

recognized in

Reductions due to

recognized in

earnings on

credit-impaired

earnings on

securities that have

securities sold,

December 31, 2010

securities not

been previously

transferred or

December 31, 2011

 In millions of
dollars

balance

previously impaired

impaired

matured

balance

 AFS debt securities

 Mortgage-backed
 securities

        Prime

$

292

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

292

        Alt-A

2

—

—

—

2

        Commercial real
 estate

2

—

—

—

2

 Total
 mortgage-backed securities

$

296

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

296

 State and municipal securities

3

—

—

—

3

 U.S. Treasury
 securities

48

19

—

—

67

 Foreign government securities

159

5

4

—

168

 Corporate

154

1

3

(7

)

151

 Asset-backed securities

10

—

—

—

10

 Other debt securities

52

—

—

—

52

 Total OTTI credit losses recognized for

      AFS
 debt securities

$

722

$

25

$

7

$

(7

)

$

747

 HTM debt securities

 Mortgage-backed securities

        Prime

$

308

$

—

$

2

$

(226

)

$

84

        Alt-A

3,149

100

378

(1,409

)

2,218

        Subprime

232

2

24

(6

)

252

        Non-U.S.
 residential

96

—

—

—

96

        Commercial real
 estate

10

—

—

—

10

 Total mortgage-backed securities

 $

3,795

$

102

$

404

$

(1,641

)

       $

2,660

 State and municipal securities

7

2

—

—

9

 Corporate

351

40

—

—

391

 Asset-backed securities

113

—

—

—

113

 Other debt securities

5

3

1

—

9

 Total OTTI credit losses recognized for

        HTM debt
 securities

$

4,271

$

147

$

405

$

(1,641

)

$

3,182

192

Investments in Alternative
Investment Funds that Calculate Net Asset Value per Share

The Company
holds investments in certain alternative investment funds that calculate net
asset value (NAV) per share, including hedge funds, private equity funds, funds
of funds and real estate funds. The Company’s investments include co-investments
in funds that are managed by the 

Company and
investments in funds that are managed by third parties. Investments in funds are
generally classified as non-marketable equity securities carried at fair
value.

     The fair values of these investments
are estimated using the NAV per share of the Company’s ownership interest in the
funds, where it is not probable that the Company will sell an investment at a
price other than NAV.

Redemption
 frequency

Fair

(if currently
 eligible)

 In millions of dollars at December
 31, 2011

value

Unfunded commitments

monthly, quarterly,
 annually

Redemption notice
 period

 Hedge funds

$

898

$

—

10–95 days

 Private equity
 funds (1)(2)(3)

958

441

—

—

 Real estate funds
 (3)(4)

319

198

—

—

 Total

$

2,175

 (5)

$

639

—

—

 (1)

Includes investments in
 private equity funds carried at cost with a carrying value of $10
 million.

 (2)

Private equity funds include
 funds that invest in infrastructure, leveraged buyout transactions,
 emerging markets and venture capital.

 (3)

This category includes
 several real estate funds that invest primarily in commercial real estate
 in the U.S., Europe and Asia.

 (4)

With respect to the
 Company’s investments that it holds in private equity funds and real
 estate funds, distributions from each fund will be received as the
 underlying assets held by these funds are liquidated. It is estimated that
 the underlying assets of these funds will be liquidated over a period of
 several years as market conditions allow. While certain investments within
 the portfolio may be sold, no specific assets have been identified for
 sale. Because it is not probable that any individual investment will be
 sold, the fair value of each individual investment has been estimated
 using the NAV of the Company’s ownership interest in the partners’
 capital. Private equity and real estate funds do not allow redemption of
 investments by their investors. Investors are permitted to sell or
 transfer their investments, subject to the approval of the general partner
 or investment manager of these funds, which generally may not be
 unreasonably withheld.

 (5)

Included in the total fair
 value of investments above is $0.6 billion of fund assets that are valued
 using NAVs provided by third-party asset managers. Amounts exclude
 investments in funds that are consolidated by
Citi.

     Under The Dodd-Frank Wall Street
Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (Dodd-Frank Act), the Company will be
required to limit its investments in and arrangements with “private equity
funds” and “hedge funds” as defined under the statute and impending regulations.
Citi does not believe the implementation of the fund provisions of the
Dodd-Frank Act will have a material negative impact on its overall results of
operations.

193

16. LOANS

Citigroup loans are reported in two
categories—Consumer and Corporate. These categories are classified primarily
according to the segment and subsegment that manages the loans.

Consumer Loans

Consumer loans represent loans and leases managed primarily by
the 
Global Consumer Banking 

and 
Local Consumer Lending

businesses. The following table provides
information by loan type:

 In millions of dollars

Dec. 31, 2011

Dec. 31, 2010

 Consumer
 loans

 In U.S. offices

        Mortgage
 and real estate (1)

$

139,177

$

151,469

        Installment,
 revolving credit, and other

15,616

28,291

        Cards

117,908

122,384

        Commercial
 and industrial

4,766

5,021

        Lease
 financing

1

2

$

277,468

$

307,167

 In offices outside the
 U.S.

        Mortgage
 and real estate (1)

$

52,052

$

52,175

        Installment,
 revolving credit, and other

34,613

38,024

        Cards

38,926

40,948

        Commercial
 and industrial

20,366

16,684

        Lease
 financing

711

665

$

146,668

$

148,496

 Total Consumer
 loans

$

424,136

$

455,663

 Net unearned income (loss)

(405

)

69

 Consumer loans, net of unearned
 income

$

423,731

$

455,732

 (1)

Loans secured primarily by real
 estate.

     During the
year ended December 31, 2011, the Company sold and/or reclassified (to
held-for-sale) $21 billion of Consumer loans. The Company did not have
significant purchases of Consumer loans during the 12 months ended December 31,
2011.

Citigroup has a comprehensive risk management process to
monitor, evaluate and manage the principal risks associated with its Consumer
loan portfolio. Included in the loan table above are lending products whose
terms may give rise to additional credit issues. Credit cards with below-market
introductory interest rates and interest-only loans are examples of such
products. However, these products are closely managed using appropriate credit
techniques that mitigate their additional inherent risk.

Credit quality indicators that are actively monitored include delinquency
status, consumer credit scores (FICO), and loan to value (LTV) ratios, each as
discussed in more detail below.

Delinquency
Status

Delinquency status is carefully
monitored and considered a key indicator of credit quality. Substantially all of
the U.S. residential first mortgage loans use the MBA method of reporting
delinquencies, which considers a loan delinquent if a monthly payment has not
been received by the end of the day immediately preceding the loan’s next due
date. All other loans use the OTS method of reporting delinquencies, which
considers a loan delinquent if a monthly payment has not been received by the
close of business on the loan’s next due date. As a general rule, residential
first mortgages, home equity loans and installment loans are classified as
non-accrual when loan payments are 90 days contractually past due. Credit cards
and unsecured revolving loans generally accrue interest until payments are 180
days past due. Commercial market loans are placed on a cash (non-accrual) basis
when it is determined, based on actual experience and a forward-looking
assessment of the collectability of the loan in full, that the payment of
interest or principal is doubtful or when interest or principal is 90 days past
due.

The policy for re-aging modified U.S. Consumer loans to
current status varies by product. Generally, one of the conditions to qualify
for these modifications is that a minimum number of payments (typically ranging
from one to three) be made. Upon modification, the loan is re-aged to current
status. However, re-aging practices for certain open-ended Consumer loans, such
as credit cards, are governed by Federal Financial Institutions Examination
Council (FFIEC) guidelines. For open-ended Consumer loans subject to FFIEC
guidelines, one of the conditions for the loan to be re-aged to current status
is that at least three consecutive minimum monthly payments, or the equivalent
amount, must be received. In addition, under FFIEC guidelines, the number of
times that such a loan can be re-aged is subject to limitations (generally once
in 12 months and twice in five years). Furthermore, Federal Housing
Administration (FHA) and Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) loans are modified
under those respective agencies’ guidelines, and payments are not always
required in order to re-age a modified loan to current.

194

The following tables provide details on
Citigroup’s Consumer loan delinquency and non-accrual loans as of December 31,
2011 and December 31, 2010:

Consumer Loan Delinquency and
Non-Accrual Details at December 31, 2011

Past due

Total

30–89 days

≥ 
90 days

Government

Total

Total

90
 days past due

 In millions of
dollars

current 

 (1)(2)

past due 

 (3)

past due

 (3)

guaranteed

 (4)

loans

 (2)

non-accrual

and accruing

 In 
North America 

offices

        Residential first
 mortgages

$

80,929

$

3,550

$

4,273

$

6,686

$

95,438

$

4,328

$

5,054

        Home equity loans
 (5)

41,579

868

1,028

—

43,475

988

—

        Credit cards

114,022

2,344

2,058

—

118,424

—

2,058

        Installment and
 other

15,215

340

222

—

15,777

438

10

        Commercial market
 loans

6,643

15

207

—

6,865

220

14

 Total

$

258,388

$

7,117

$

7,788

$

6,686

$

279,979

$

5,974

$

7,136

 In offices
 outside 
North America

        Residential first
 mortgages

$

43,310

$

566

$

482

$

—

$

44,358

$

744

$

—

        Home equity loans
 (5)

6

—

2

—

8

2

—

        Credit cards

38,289

930

785

—

40,004

496

490

        Installment and
 other

26,300

528

197

—

27,025

258

—

        Commercial market
 loans

30,882

79

127

—

31,088

401

—

 Total

$

138,787

$

2,103

$

1,593

$

—

$

142,483

$

1,901

$

490

 Total 

GCB

and 

LCL

$

397,175

$

9,220

$

9,381

$

6,686

$

422,462

$

7,875

$

7,626

 Special Asset Pool
 (SAP)

1,193

29

47

—

1,269

115

—

 Total Citigroup

$

398,368

$

9,249

$

9,428

$

6,686

$

423,731

$

7,990

$

7,626

 (1)

Loans less than 30 days past
 due are presented as current.

 (2)

Includes $1.3 billion of
 residential first mortgages recorded at fair value.

 (3)

Excludes loans guaranteed by
 U.S. government agencies.

 (4)

Consists of residential
 first mortgages that are guaranteed by U.S. government agencies that are
 30-89 days past due of $1.6 billion and ³ 90 days past due of $5.1
 billion.

 (5)

Fixed rate home equity loans
 and loans extended under home equity lines of credit which are typically
 in junior lien positions.

Consumer Loan Delinquency and
Non-Accrual Details at December 31, 2010

Past due

Total

30–89 days

≥ 
90 days

Government

Total

Total

90
 days past due

 In millions of
dollars

current

 (1)(2)

past due

 (3)

past due 

 (3)

guaranteed 

 (4)

loans

 (2)(6)

non-accrual

and accruing

 In 
North America 

offices

        Residential first
 mortgages

$

84,284

$

4,304

$

5,698

$

7,003

$

101,289

$

5,873

$

5,405

        Home equity loans
 (5)

45,655

1,197

1,317

—

48,169

1,293

—

        Credit cards

117,571

3,224

3,198

—

123,993

—

3,198

        Installment and
 other

25,723

1,531

1,129

—

28,383

739

353

        Commercial market
 loans

9,358

43

42

—

9,443

539

—

 Total

$

282,591

$

10,299

$

11,384

$

7,003

$

311,277

$

8,444

$

8,956

 In offices
 outside 
North America

        Residential first
 mortgages

$

41,451

$

618

$

526

$

—

$

42,595

$

729

$

—

        Home equity loans
 (5)

8

—

1

—

9

1

—

        Credit cards

40,805

1,117

974

—

42,896

565

409

        Installment and
 other

28,047

814

289

—

29,150

508

41

        Commercial market
 loans

28,899

101

143

—

29,143

409

1

 Total

$

139,210

$

2,650

$

1,933

$

—

$

143,793

$

2,212

$

451

 Total GCB and LCL

$

421,801

$

12,949

$

13,317

$

7,003

$

455,070

$

10,656

$

9,407

 (1)

Loans less than 30 days past
 due are presented as current.

 (2)

Includes $1.7 billion of
 residential first mortgages recorded at fair value.

 (3)

Excludes loans guaranteed by
 U.S. government agencies.

 (4)

Consists of residential
 first mortgages that are guaranteed by U.S. government agencies that are
 30-89 days past due of $1.6 billion and ³ 90 days past due of $5.4
 billion.

 (5)

Fixed rate home equity loans
 and loans extended under home equity lines of credit which are typically
 in junior lien positions.

 (6)

The above information for
 December 31, 2010 was not available for
SAP.

195

Consumer Credit Scores
(FICO)

In the U.S.,
independent credit agencies rate an individual’s risk for assuming debt based on
the individual’s credit history and assign every consumer a credit score. These
scores are often called “FICO scores” because most credit bureau scores used in
the U.S. are produced from software developed by Fair Isaac Corporation. Scores
range from a high of 900 (which indicates high credit quality) to 300. These
scores are continually updated by the agencies based upon an individual’s credit
actions (e.g., taking out a loan or missed or late
payments).

The following table provides details on the FICO scores attributable to
Citi’s U.S. Consumer loan portfolio as of December 31, 2011 and December 31,
2010 (commercial market loans are not included in the table since they are
business-based and FICO scores are not a primary driver in their credit
evaluation). FICO scores are updated monthly for substantially all of the
portfolio or, otherwise, on a quarterly basis.

During the first quarter of 2011, the cards businesses (Citi-branded and
retail partner cards) in the U.S. began using a more updated FICO model version
to score customer accounts for substantially all of their loans. The change was
made to incorporate a more recent version of FICO in order to improve the
predictive strength of the score and to enhance Citi’s ability to manage risk.
In the first quarter, this change resulted in an increase in the percentage of
balances with FICO scores equal to or greater than 660 and conversely lowered
the percentage of balances with FICO scores lower than 620.

 FICO score distribution inU.S.
 portfolio 

(1)(2)

December 31, 2011

Equal to or

Less than

≥ 620 but
 less

greater

 In millions of
 dollars

620

than 660

than 660

 Residential first mortgages

$

20,370

$

8,815

$

52,839

 Home equity
 loans

6,385

3,596

31,389

 Credit cards

9,621

10,905

93,234

 Installment and other

3,789

2,858

6,704

 Total

$

40,165

$

26,174

$

184,166

 (1)

Excludes loans guaranteed by U.S.
 government agencies, loans subject to LTSCs with U.S. government-sponsored
 agencies and loans recorded at fair value.

 (2)

Excludes balances where FICO was
 not available. Such amounts are not
material.

 FICO score
 distribution in

 U.S. portfolio
 (1)(2)

December 31, 2010

Equal to or

Less than

≥ 620 but
 less

greater

 In millions
 of dollars

620

than 660

than 660

 Residential first mortgages

$

24,659

$

9,103

$

50,587

 Home equity
 loans

8,171

3,639

35,640

 Credit cards

18,341

12,592

88,332

 Installment and other

11,320

3,760

10,743

 Total

$

62,491

$

29,094

$

185,302

 (1)

Excludes loans guaranteed by U.S.
 government agencies, loans subject to LTSCs with U.S. government-sponsored
 agencies and loans recorded at fair value.

 (2)

Excludes balances where FICO was
 not available. Such amounts are not
material.

Loan to Value Ratios
(LTV)

Loan to value (LTV)
ratios (loan balance divided by appraised value) are calculated at origination
and updated by applying market price
data.

The following tables provide details on the LTV ratios attributable to
Citi’s U.S. Consumer mortgage portfolios as of December 31, 2011 and December
31, 2010. LTV ratios are updated monthly using the most recent Core Logic HPI
data available for substantially all of the portfolio applied at the
Metropolitan Statistical Area level, if available; otherwise, at the state
level. The remainder of the portfolio is updated in a similar manner using the
Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight indices.

 LTV distribution in U.S. portfolio

(1)(2)

December 31, 2011

> 
80% but
 less

Greater

Less than or

than or equal to

than

 In millions of
 dollars

equal to
 80%

100%

100%

 Residential first mortgages

$

36,422

$

21,146

$

24,425

 Home equity loans

12,724

10,232

18,226

 Total

$

49,146

$

31,378

$

42,651

 (1)

Excludes loans guaranteed by U.S.
 government agencies, loans subject to LTSCs with U.S. government-sponsored
 agencies and loans recorded at fair value.

 (2)

Excludes balances where LTV was
 not available. Such amounts are not
material.

 LTV distribution in U.S. portfolio
 (1)(2)

December 31, 2010

> 
80% but less

Greater

Less than or

than or equal to

than

 In millions of
 dollars

equal to 80%

100%

100%

 Residential first mortgages

$

32,360

$

25,304

$

26,596

 Home equity loans

14,387

12,347

20,469

 Total

$

46,747

$

37,651

$

47,065

 (1)

Excludes loans guaranteed by U.S.
 government agencies, loans subject to LTSCs with U.S. government-sponsored
 agencies and loans recorded at fair value.

 (2)

Excludes balances where LTV was
 not available. Such amounts are not
material.

196

Impaired Consumer
Loans

Impaired loans are those
for which Citigroup believes it is probable that it will not collect all amounts
due according to the original contractual terms of the loan. Impaired Consumer
loans include non-accrual commercial market loans as well as smaller-balance
homogeneous loans whose terms have been modified due to the borrower’s financial
difficulties and Citigroup has granted a concession to the borrower. These
modifications may include interest rate reductions and/or principal forgiveness.
Impaired Consumer loans exclude smaller-balance homogeneous loans that have not
been modified and are carried on a non-accrual basis. In addition, Impaired
Consumer loans exclude substantially all loans modified pursuant to Citi’s
short-term modification programs (i.e., for periods of 12 months or less) that
were modified prior to January 1, 2011. At December 31, 2011, loans included in
these short-term programs amounted to approximately $3 billion.

Effective in the third quarter
of 2011, as a result of adopting ASU 2011-02, certain loans modified under
short-term programs since January 1, 2011 that were previously measured for
impairment under ASC 450 are now measured for impairment under ASC 310-10-35. At
the end of the first interim period of adoption (September 30, 2011), the
recorded investment in receivables previously measured under ASC 450 was $1,170
million and the allowance for credit losses associated with those loans was $467
million. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of
this change.

The following tables present
information about total impaired Consumer loans at and for the periods ending
December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, respectively:

Impaired Consumer Loans

At and for the period ended December
 31, 2011

Recorded

Unpaid

Related specific

Average

Interest income

 In millions of
dollars

investment

 (1)(2)

principal balance

allowance

 (3)

carrying value

 (4)

recognized

 (5)(6)

 Mortgage and real estate

        Residential first
 mortgages

$

19,616

$

20,803

$

3,404

$

18,642

$

888

        Home equity loans

1,771

1,823

1,252

1,680

72

 Credit
 cards

6,695

6,743

3,122

6,542

387

 Installment and other

        Individual installment and
 other

2,264

2,267

1,032

2,644

343

        Commercial market
 loans

517

782

75

572

21

 Total (7)

$

30,863

$

32,418

$

8,885

$

30,080

$

1,711

 (1)

Recorded investment in a loan
 includes net deferred loan fees and costs, unamortized premium or discount
 and direct write-downs and includes accrued interest only on credit card
 loans.

 (2)

$858 million of residential first
 mortgages, $16 million of home equity loans and $182 million of commercial
 market loans do not have a specific allowance.

 (3)

Included in the 
Allowance for loan losses

.

 (4)

Average carrying value represents
 the average recorded investment ending balance for last four quarters and
 does not include related specific allowance.

 (5)

Includes amounts recognized on
 both an accrual and cash basis.

 (6)

Cash interest receipts on
 smaller-balance homogeneous loans are generally recorded as revenue. The
 interest recognition policy for commercial market loans is identical to
 that for Corporate loans, as described below.

 (7)

Prior to 2008, the Company’s
 financial accounting systems did not separately track impaired
 smaller-balance, homogeneous Consumer loans whose terms were modified due
 to the borrowers’ financial difficulties and it was determined that a
 concession was granted to the borrower. Smaller-balance consumer loans
 modified since January 1, 2008 amounted to $30.3 billion at December 31,
 2011. However, information derived from Citi’s risk management systems
 indicates that the amounts of outstanding modified loans, including those
 modified prior to 2008, approximated $31.5 billion at December 31,
 2011.

197

At and for the period ended December
 31, 2010

Recorded

Unpaid

Related specific

Average

Interest income

 In millions of
dollars

investment

 (1)(2)

principal balance

allowance

 (3)

carrying value

 (4)

recognized

 (5)(6)

 Mortgage and real estate

        Residential first
 mortgages

$

16,225

$

17,287

$

2,783

$

13,606

$

862

        Home equity loans

1,205

1,256

393

1,010

40

 Credit
 cards

5,906

5,906

3,237

5,314

131

 Installment and other

        Individual installment and
 other

3,286

3,348

1,177

3,627

393

        Commercial market
 loans

696

934

145

909

26

 Total (7)

$

27,318

$

28,731

$

7,735

$

24,466

$

1,452

 (1)

Recorded investment in a loan
 includes net deferred loan fees and costs, unamortized premium or discount
 and direct write-downs and includes accrued interest only on credit card
 loans.

 (2)

$1,050 million of residential
 first mortgages, $6 million of home equity loans and $323 million of
 commercial market loans do not have a specific allowance.

 (3)

Included in the 
Allowance for loan losses

.

 (4)

Average carrying value represents
 the average recorded investment ending balances for the prior four quarters
 and does not include related specific allowance.

 (5)

Includes amounts recognized on
 both an accrual and cash basis.

 (6)

Cash interest receipts on
 smaller-balance homogeneous loans are generally recorded as revenue. The
 interest recognition policy for commercial market loans is identical to
 that for Corporate loans, as described below.

 (7)

Prior to 2008, the Company’s
 financial accounting systems did not separately track impaired
 smaller-balance, homogeneous Consumer loans whose terms were modified due
 to the borrowers’ financial difficulties and it was determined that a
 concession was granted to the borrower. Smaller-balance consumer loans
 modified since January 1, 2008 amounted to $26.6 billion at December 31,
 2010. However, information derived from Citi’s risk management systems
 indicates that the amounts of outstanding modified loans, including those
 modified prior to 2008, approximated $28.2 billion at December 31,
 2010.

Consumer Troubled Debt
Restructurings

The following
table provides details on TDR activity and default information as of and for the
year ended December 31, 2011:

Contingent

Average

 In millions
 of dollars except

Number
 of

Pre-modification

Post-modification

Deferred

principal

Principal

interest
 rate

 number of loans
 modified

loans modified

recorded investment

recorded investment

 (1)

principal

 (2)

forgiveness

 (3)

forgiveness

reduction

 North America

        Residential first
 mortgages

31,608

$

4,999

$

5,284

$

110

$

50

$

—

2

%

        Home equity loans

16,077

840

872

22

1

—

4

        Credit cards

611,715

3,560

3,554

—

—

—

19

        Installment and other
 revolving

86,462

645

641

—

—

—

4

 Commercial markets (4)

579

55

—

—

—

1

—

 Total

746,441

$

10,099

$

10,351

$

132

$

51

$

1

 International

        Residential first
 mortgages

4,888

$

241

$

235

$

—

$

 —

$

6

1

%

        Home equity loans

61

4

4

—

—

—

—

        Credit cards

225,149

609

600

—

—

2

24

        Installment and other
 revolving

97,827

487

468

—

—

9

13

        Commercial markets
 (4)

55

167

—

—

—

1

—

 Total

327,980

$

1,508

$

1,307

$

—

$

 —

$

18

 (1)

Post-modification balances
 include past due amounts that are capitalized at modification
 date.

 (2)

Represents portion of loan
 principal that is non-interest bearing but still due from
 borrower.

 (3)

Represents portion of loan
 principal that is non-interest bearing and, depending upon borrower
 performance, eligible for forgiveness.

 (4)

Commercial markets loans are
 generally borrower-specific modifications and incorporate changes in the
 amount and/or timing of principal and/or
interest.

198

The following table presents
loans that defaulted during 2011 and for which the payment default occurred
within one year of the modification.

Year ended

 In millions of
dollars

December 31, 2011

 (1)

 North America

        Residential first
 mortgages

$

1,932

        Home equity loans

105

        Credit cards

1,307

        Installment and other
 revolving

103

 Commercial markets (1)

3

 Total

$

3,450

 International

        Residential first
 mortgages

$

103

        Home equity loans

2

        Credit cards

359

        Installment and other
 revolving

250

        Commercial markets
 (1)

14

 Total

$

728

 (1)

Default is defined as 60 days
 past due, except for classifiably managed commercial markets loans, where
 default is defined as 90 days past due.

Corporate Loans

Corporate loans represent loans and leases managed
by 
ICG 

or the 
SAP

. The following table
presents information by Corporate loan type as of December 31, 2011 and December
31, 2010:

Dec. 31,

Dec. 31,

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

 Corporate

 In U.S.
 offices

        Commercial and
 industrial

$

21,667

$

14,334

        Loans to financial
 institutions

33,265

29,813

        Mortgage and real estate
 (1)

20,698

19,693

        Installment, revolving credit
 and other

15,011

12,640

        Lease financing

1,270

1,413

$

91,911

$

77,893

 In offices outside the U.S.

        Commercial and
 industrial

$

79,373

$

71,618

        Installment, revolving credit
 and other

14,114

11,829

        Mortgage and real estate
 (1)

6,885

5,899

        Loans to financial
 institutions

29,794

22,620

        Lease financing

568

531

        Governments and official
 institutions

1,576

3,644

$

132,310

$

116,141

 Total Corporate loans

$

224,221

$

194,034

 Net unearned income (loss)

(710

)

(972

)

 Corporate loans, net of
 unearned income

$

223,511

$

193,062

 (1)

Loans secured primarily by real
 estate.

     For
the year ended December 31, 2011, the Company sold and/or reclassified (to
held-for-sale) $6.4 billion of held-for-investment Corporate loans. The Company
did not have significant purchases of loans classified as held-for-investment
for the year ended December 31, 2011.

Corporate loans are identified as impaired and placed on a cash
(non-accrual) basis when it is determined, based on actual experience and a
forward-looking assessment of the collectability of the loan in full, that the
payment of interest or principal is doubtful or when interest or principal is 90
days past due, except when the loan is well collateralized and in the process of
collection. Any interest accrued on impaired Corporate loans and leases is
reversed at 90 days and charged against current earnings, and interest is
thereafter included in earnings only to the extent actually received in cash.
When there is doubt regarding the ultimate collectability of principal, all cash
receipts are thereafter applied to reduce the recorded investment in the loan.
While Corporate loans are generally managed based on their internally assigned
risk rating (see further discussion below), the following tables present
delinquency information by Corporate loan type as of December 31, 2011 and
December 31, 2010:

199

Corporate Loan Delinquency and
Non-Accrual Details at December 31, 2011

30–89 days

≥
 90 days

past due

past due and

Total past due

Total

Total

Total

 In millions of
dollars

and accruing

 (1)

accruing

 (1)

and accruing

non-accrual

 (2)

current

 (3)

loans

        Commercial and
 industrial

$

93

$

30

$

123

$

1,144

$

98,577

$

99,844

        Financial
 institutions

0

2

2

779

60,762

61,543

        Mortgage and real
 estate

224

125

349

1,029

26,107

27,485

        Leases

3

11

14

13

1,811

1,838

        Other

225

15

240

271

28,351

28,862

 Loans at fair value

3,939

 Total

$

545

$

183

$

728

$

3,236

$

215,608

$

223,511

 (1)

Corporate loans that are greater
 than 90 days past due are generally classified as non-accrual. Corporate
 loans are considered past due when principal or interest is contractually
 due but unpaid.

 (2)

Citi generally does not manage
 Corporate loans on a delinquency basis. Non-accrual loans generally
 include those loans that are ≥ 90 days past due or those loans for which
 Citi believes, based on actual experience and a forward-looking assessment
 of the collectability of the loan in full that the payment of interest or
 principal is doubtful.

 (3)

Corporate loans are past due when
 principal or interest is contractually due but unpaid. Loans less than 30
 days past due are presented as current.

Corporate Loan Delinquency and
Non-Accrual Details at December 31, 2010

30–89
 days

≥ 90
 days

past
 due

past due
 and

Total past
 due

Total

Total

Total

 In millions of dollars

and accruing

 (1)

accruing

 (1)

and accruing

non-accrual

 (2)

current

 (3)

loans

        Commercial and
 industrial

$

94

$

39

$

133

$

5,135

$

78,752

$

84,020

        Financial
 institutions

2

—

2

1,258

50,648

51,908

        Mortgage and real
 estate

376

20

396

1,782

22,892

25,070

        Leases

9

—

9

45

1,890

1,944

        Other

100

52

152

400

26,941

27,493

 Loans at fair value

2,627

 Total

$

581

$

111

$

692

$

8,620

$

181,123

$

193,062

 (1)

Corporate loans that are greater
 than 90 days past due are generally classified as non-accrual. Corporate
 loans are considered past due when principal or interest is contractually
 due but unpaid.

 (2)

Citi generally does not manage
 Corporate loans on a delinquency basis. Non-accrual loans generally
 include those loans that are ≥ 90 days past due or those loans for which
 Citi believes, based on actual experience and a forward-looking assessment
 of the collectability of the loan in full, that the payment of interest or
 principal is doubtful.

 (3)

Corporate loans are past due when
 principal or interest is contractually due but unpaid. Loans less than 30
 days past due are presented as current.

     Citigroup has established a risk management process to monitor, evaluate
and manage the principal risks associated with its Corporate loan portfolio. As
part of its risk management process, Citi assigns numeric risk ratings to its
Corporate loan facilities based on quantitative and qualitative assessments of
the obligor and facility. These risk ratings are reviewed at least annually or
more often if material events related to the obligor or facility warrant.
Factors considered in assigning the risk ratings include: financial condition of
the obligor, qualitative assessment of management and strategy, amount and
sources of repayment, amount and type of collateral and guarantee arrangements,
amount and type of any contingencies associated with the obligor, and the
obligor’s industry and geography.

     The obligor risk ratings are defined by
ranges of default probabilities. The facility risk ratings are defined by ranges
of loss norms, which are the product of the probability of default and the loss
given default. The investment grade rating categories are similar to the
category BBB-/Baa3 and above as defined by S&P and Moody’s. Loans classified
according to the bank regulatory definitions as special mention, substandard and
doubtful will have risk ratings within the non-investment grade
categories.

200

Corporate Loans Credit Quality
Indicators at
December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010

 Recorded investment in loans

 (1)

December 31,

December 31,

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

 Investment grade (2)

        Commercial and
 industrial

$

67,528

$

52,932

        Financial
 institutions

53,482

47,310

        Mortgage and real
 estate

10,068

8,119

        Leases

1,161

1,204

 Other

24,129

21,844

 Total investment
 grade

$

156,368

$

131,409

 Non-investment grade (2)

        Accrual

 Commercial and industrial

$

31,172

$

25,992

 Financial institutions

7,282

3,412

 Mortgage and real estate

3,672

3,329

 Leases

664

695

 Other

4,462

4,316

        Non-accrual

 Commercial and industrial

1,144

5,135

 Financial institutions

779

1,258

 Mortgage and real estate

1,029

1,782

 Leases

13

45

 Other

271

400

 Total non-investment
 grade

$

50,488

$

46,364

 Private
 Banking loans managed on a

        delinquency basis
 (2)

$

12,716

$

12,662

 Loans at fair
 value

3,939

2,627

 Corporate loans, net of 
       unearned
 income

$

223,511

$

193,062

 (1)

Recorded investment in a loan
 includes net deferred loan fees and costs, unamortized premium or
 discount, less any direct write-downs.

 (2)

Held-for-investment loans
 accounted for on an amortized cost basis.

     Corporate loans and leases identified as impaired and placed on
non-accrual status are written down to the extent that principal is judged to be
uncollectible. Impaired collateral-dependent loans and leases, where repayment
is expected to be provided solely by the sale of the underlying collateral and
there are no other available and reliable sources of repayment, are written down
to the lower of cost or collateral value, less cost to sell. Cash-basis loans
are returned to an accrual status when all contractual principal and interest
amounts are reasonably assured of repayment and there is a sustained period of
repayment performance, generally six months, in accordance with the contractual
terms of the loan.

201

The following tables present
non-accrual loan information by Corporate loan type at and for the years ended
December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively:

Non-Accrual Corporate
Loans

At and for the period ended December 31,
 2011

Recorded

Unpaid

Related specific

Average

Interest income

 In millions of
dollars

investment

 (1)

principal balance

allowance

carrying value

 (2)

recognized

 Non-accrual Corporate loans

        Commercial and
 industrial

          $

1,144

$

1,538

$

186

$

1,448

$

76

        Loans to financial
 institutions

779

1,213

20

1,060

—

        Mortgage and real
 estate

1,029

1,240

151

1,485

14

        Lease financing

13

21

—

25

2

 Other

271

476

63

416

17

        Total non-accrual
 Corporate loans

$

3,236

$

4,488

$

420

$

4,434

$

109

At and for the period ended December 31, 2010

Recorded

Unpaid

Related specific

Average

Interest income

 In millions of
dollars

investment

 (1)

principal balance

allowance

carrying value

 (3)

recognized

 Non-accrual Corporate loans

        Commercial and
 industrial

$5,135

$

8,031

$

843

$

6,027

$

28

        Loans to financial
 institutions

1,258

1,835

259

883

1

        Mortgage and real
 estate

1,782

2,328

369

2,474

7

        Lease financing

45

71

—

55

4

 Other

400

948

218

1,205

25

        Total non-accrual Corporate
 loans

$8,620

$

13,213

$

1,689

$

10,644

$

65

 At and for the period
 ended

Dec.
 31,

 In millions of
dollars

2009

 Average carrying value (3)

$

12,990

 Interest income recognized

21

December 31, 2011

December 31, 2010

Recorded

Related specific

Recorded

Related specific

 In millions of
dollars

investment

 (1)

allowance

investment

 (1)

allowance

 Non-accrual Corporate loans with valuation allowances

        Commercial and
 industrial

$

501

$

186

$

4,257

$

843

        Loans to financial
 institutions

68

20

818

259

        Mortgage and real
 estate

540

151

1,008

369

        Other

130

63

241

218

 Total non-accrual Corporate loans with specific
 allowance

$

1,239

$

420

$

6,324

$

1,689

 Non-accrual Corporate loans without specific allowance

        Commercial and
 industrial

$

643

$

878

        Loans to financial
 institutions

711

440

        Mortgage and real
 estate

489

774

        Lease financing

13

45

 Other

141

159

        Total non-accrual
 Corporate loans without specific allowance

$

1,997

N/A

$

2,296

N/A

 (1)

Recorded
 investment in a loan includes net deferred loan fees and costs,
 unamortized premium or discount, less any direct write-downs.

 (2)

Average carrying
 value represents the average recorded investment balance and does not
 include related specific allowance.

 (3)

Average carrying
 value does not include related specific allowance.

 N/A

Not
 Applicable

202

Corporate Troubled Debt
Restructurings

The following
tables provide details on TDR activity and default information as of and for the
12-month period ended December 31, 2011.

The following table presents
TDRs occurring during the 12-month period ended December 31, 2011.

TDRs

TDRs

TDRs

involving changes

involving changes

involving changes

in
 the amount

in
 the amount

in
 the amount

and/or timing of

Balance of

Net

Carrying

and/or timing of

and/or timing of

both principal and

principal forgiven

P&L

 In millions of
dollars

Value

principal payments

 (1)

interest payments

 (2)

interest payments

or deferred

impact

 (3)

 Commercial and industrial

$

126

$

—

$

16

$

110

 $

—

$

16

 Loans to
 financial institutions

—

—

—

—

—

—

 Mortgage and real estate

250

3

20

227

4

37

 Other

74

—

67

7

—

—

 Total

$

450

$

3

$

103

$

344

$

4

$

53

 (1)

TDRs involving changes in the
 amount or timing of principal payments may involve principal forgiveness
 or deferral of periodic and/or final principal payments.

 (2)

TDRs involving changes in the
 amount or timing of interest payments may involve a reduction in interest
 rate or a below-market interest rate.

 (3)

Balances reflect charge-offs and
 reserves recorded during the 12 months ended December 31, 2011 on loans
 subject to a TDR during the period then
ended.

     The
following table presents total corporate loans modified in a troubled debt
restructuring at December 31, 2011 as well as those TDRs that defaulted during 2011 and for which the payment default
occurred within one year of the modification.

TDR
 Loans

in
 payment default

 (1)

TDR
 Balances at

Twelve Months Ended

 In millions of
dollars

December 31, 2011

December 31, 2011

 Commercial and industrial

$

429

$

7

 Loans to
 financial institutions

564

—

 Mortgage and real estate

258

—

 Other

85

—

 Total Corporate Loans modified       in
 TDRs

$

1,336

$

7

 (1)

Payment default constitutes
 failure to pay principal or interest when due per the contractual terms of
 the loan.

Purchased Distressed
Loans

Included in the
Corporate and Consumer loan outstanding tables above are purchased distressed
loans, which are loans that have evidenced significant credit deterioration
subsequent to origination but prior to acquisition by Citigroup. In accordance
with SOP 03-3 (codified as ASC 310-30), the difference between the total
expected cash flows for these loans and the initial recorded investment is
recognized in income over the life of the loans using a level yield.
Accordingly, these loans have been excluded from the impaired loan table
information presented above. In addition, per SOP 03-3, subsequent decreases in
the expected cash flows for a purchased distressed loan require a build of an
allowance so the loan retains its level yield. However, increases in the
expected cash flows are first recognized as a reduction of any previously
established allowance and then recognized as income prospectively over the
remaining life of the loan by increasing the loan’s level yield. Where the
expected cash flows cannot be reliably estimated, the purchased distressed loan
is accounted for under the cost recovery method.

203

     The
carrying amount of the Company’s purchased distressed loan portfolio at December
31, 2011 was $443 million, net of an allowance of $68 million as of December 31,
2011.

The changes in the accretable
yield, related allowance and carrying amount net of accretable yield for 2011
are as follows:

Carrying

Accretable

amount of loan

 In millions of
dollars

yield

receivable

Allowance

 Balance at December 31, 2010

$

116

$

469

$

77

 Purchases
 (1)

—

328

—

 Disposals/payments received

(122

)

(235

)

(24

)

 Accretion

(6

)

6

—

 Builds (reductions) to the allowance

12

—

16

 Increase to
 expected cash flows

31

3

—

 FX/other

(29

)

(60

)

(1

)

 Balance at December 31, 2011

(2)

$

2

$

511

$

68

 (1)

The balance reported in the
 column “Carrying amount of loan receivable” consists of $328 million of
 purchased loans accounted for under the level-yield method and $0 under
 the cost-recovery method. These balances represent the fair value of these
 loans at their acquisition date. The related total expected cash flows for
 the level-yield loans were $328 million at their acquisition
 dates.

 (2)

The balance reported in the
 column “Carrying amount of loan receivable” consists of $435 million of
 loans accounted for under the level-yield method and $76 million accounted
 for under the cost-recovery method.

204

17. ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT
LOSSES

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Allowance for loan losses at beginning of year

$

40,655

$

36,033

$

29,616

        Gross credit losses

(23,164

)

(34,491

)

(32,784

)

        Gross recoveries

3,126

3,632

2,043

 Net credit losses
 (NCLs)

$

(20,038

)

$

(30,859

)

$

(30,741

)

        NCLs

$

20,038

$

30,859

$

30,741

        Net reserve builds
 (releases)

(8,434

)

(6,523

)

5,741

        Net specific reserve
 builds

169

858

2,278

 Total
 provision for credit losses

$

11,773

$

25,194

$

38,760

 Other, net
(1)

(2,275

)

10,287

(1,602

)

 Allowance for loan losses at end of
 year

$

30,115

$

40,655

$

36,033

 Allowance for credit losses on unfunded lending commitments at
 beginning of year 

(2)

$

1,066

$

1,157

$

887

 Provision for unfunded lending
 commitments

51

(117

)

244

 Allowance for credit losses on
 unfunded lending commitments at end of year (2)

$

1,136

$

1,066

$

1,157

 Total allowance for loans, leases,
 and unfunded lending commitments

$

31,251

$

41,721

$

37,190

 (1)

2011 primarily includes
 reductions of approximately $1.6 billion related to the sale or transfer
 to held-for-sale of various U.S. loan portfolios, approximately $240
 million related to the sale of the Egg Banking PLC credit card business,
 approximately $72 million related to the transfer of the Citi Belgium
 business to held-for-sale and approximately $290 related to FX
 translation. 2010 primarily includes an addition of $13.4 billion related
 to the impact of consolidating entities in connection with Citi’s adoption
 of SFAS 166/167 (see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements) and
 reductions of approximately $2.7 billion related to the sale or transfer
 to held-for-sale of various U.S. loan portfolios and approximately $290
 million related to the transfer of a U.K. first mortgage portfolio to
 held-for-sale. 2009 primarily includes reductions to the loan loss reserve
 of approximately $543 million related to securitizations, approximately
 $402 million related to the sale or transfers to held-for-sale of U.S.
 real estate lending loans, and $562 million related to the transfer of the
 U.K. cards portfolio to held-for-sale.

 (2)

Represents additional credit loss
 reserves for unfunded lending commitments and letters of credit recorded
 in 
Other liabilities 

on the Consolidated Balance
Sheet.

Allowance for Credit Losses and
Investment in Loans at December 31, 2011

 In millions of
dollars

Corporate

  Consumer

Total

 Allowance for loan losses at beginning of year

$

5,249

$

35,406

$

40,655

        Charge-offs

(2,000

)

(21,164

)

(23,164

)

        Recoveries

386

2,740

3,126

        Replenishment. of net
 charge-offs

1,614

18,424

20,038

        Net reserve releases

(1,083

)

(7,351

)

(8,434

)

        Net specific reserve builds
 (releases)

(1,270

)

1,439

169

        Other

(17

)

(2,258

)

(2,275

)

 Ending
 balance

$

2,879

$

27,236

$

30,115

 Allowance for loan losses

        Determined in accordance with
 ASC 450-20

$

2,408

$

18,334

$

20,742

        Determined in accordance with
 ASC 310-10-35

420

8,885

9,305

 Determined in accordance with ASC 310-30

51

17

68

 Total allowance for loan
 losses

$

2,879

$

27,236

$

30,115

 Loans, net of
 unearned income

        Loans collectively evaluated
 for impairment in accordance with ASC 450-20

$

215,387

$

391,222

$

606,609

        Loans individually evaluated
 for impairment in accordance with ASC 310-10-35

3,994

30,863

34,857

        Loans acquired with
 deteriorated credit quality in accordance with ASC 310-30

191

320

511

        Loans held at fair
 value

3,939

1,326

5,265

 Total loans, net of
 unearned income

$

223,511

$

423,731

$

647,242

205

Allowance for Credit Losses and
Investment in Loans at December 31, 2010

 In millions of dollars

Corporate

Consumer

Total

 Allowance for
 loan losses at beginning of year

$

7,686

$

28,347

$

36,033

        Charge-offs

(3,418

)

(31,073

)

(34,491

)

        Recoveries

994

2,638

3,632

        Replenishment of net
 charge-offs

2,424

28,435

30,859

        Net reserve
 releases

(1,627

)

(4,896

)

(6,523

)

        Net specific reserve
 builds (releases)

(722

)

1,580

858

        Other

(88

)

10,375

10,287

 Ending balance

$

5,249

$

35,406

$

40,655

 Allowance for
 loan losses

        Determined in accordance with
 ASC 450-20

$

3,510

$

27,644

$

31,154

        Determined in accordance
 with ASC 310-10-35

1,689

7,735

9,424

        Determined in accordance
 with ASC 310-30

50

27

77

 Total allowance for loan
 losses

$

5,249

$

35,406

$

40,655

 Loans, net of unearned
 income

        Loans collectively evaluated
 for impairment in accordance with ASC 450-20

$

181,052

$

426,444

$

607,496

        Loans individually
 evaluated for impairment in accordance with ASC 310-10-35

9,139

27,318

36,457

        Loans acquired with
 deteriorated credit quality in accordance with ASC 310-30

244

225

469

        Loans held at fair
 value

2,627

1,745

4,372

 Total loans, net of unearned
 income

$

193,062

$

455,732

$

648,794

206

18. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE
ASSETS

Goodwill

The changes in 
Goodwill

 during 2011 and 2010 were as follows:

 In millions of
dollars

 Balance at December 31,
 2009

$

25,392

 Foreign exchange
 translation

685

 Smaller acquisitions/divestitures,
 purchase accounting adjustments and other

75

 Balance at December 31, 2010

$

26,152

 Foreign exchange translation

(636

)

 Smaller
 acquisitions/divestitures, purchase accounting adjustments and
 other

44

 Discontinued operations

(147

)

 Balance at December 31,
 2011

$

25,413

The changes in 
Goodwill 

by segment during 2011 and 2010 were as follows:

Global

Institutional

Consumer

Clients

Corporate/

 In millions of
 dollars

Banking

Group

Citi
 Holdings

Other

Total

 Balance at December 31,
 2009

$

9,921

$

10,689

$

4,782

  $

—

$

25,392

 Goodwill acquired during 2010

$

 —

$

 —

$

 —

$

—

$

 —

 Goodwill disposed of during 2010

—

—

(102

)

—

(102

)

 Other (1)

780

137

(55

)

—

862

 Balance at December 31,
 2010

$

10,701

$

10,826

$

4,625

$

—

$

26,152

 Goodwill acquired during 2011

$

 —

$

19

$

 —

$

—

$

19

 Goodwill disposed of during 2011

—

(6

)

(153

)

—

(159

)

 Other (1)

(465

)

(102

)

(32

)

—

(599

)

 Balance at December 31,
 2011

$

10,236

$

10,737

$

4,440

$

—

$

25,413

 (1)

Other changes in 
Goodwill 

primarily
 reflect foreign exchange effects on non-dollar-denominated goodwill, as
 well as purchase accounting adjustments.

     Goodwill impairment testing is performed at a level below the business
segments (referred to as a reporting unit). The reporting unit structure in 2011
is consistent with those reporting units identified in the second quarter of
2009 as a result of the change in organizational structure. During 2011,
goodwill was allocated to disposals and tested for impairment for each of the
reporting units. The Company performed goodwill impairment testing for all
reporting units as of July 1, 2011. No goodwill was written off due to
impairment in 2009, 2010 and 2011.

207

     The
following table shows reporting units with goodwill balances as of December 31,
2011 and the excess of fair value as a percentage over allocated book value as
of the annual impairment test.

 In millions of
dollars

Fair value as
 a % of

 Reporting unit 

(1)

allocated book value

Goodwill

 North America Regional Consumer Banking

279

%

$

2,542

 EMEA Regional
 Consumer Banking

205

349

 Asia Regional Consumer Banking

285

5,623

 Latin America
 Regional Consumer Banking

277

1,722

 Securities and Banking

136

9,173

 Transaction
 Services

1,761

1,564

 Brokerage and Asset Management

162

71

 Local Consumer
 Lending—Cards

175

4,369

 (1)

Local Consumer Lending—Other

is excluded from the table as there is
 no goodwill allocated to it.

     Citigroup engaged the services of an independent valuation specialist to
assist in the valuation of the reporting units at July 1, 2011, using a
combination of the market approach and/or income approach consistent with the
valuation model used in the past.

Under the market approach for valuing each reporting unit, the key
assumption is the selected price multiples. The selection of the multiples
considers the operating performance and financial condition of the reporting
unit operations as compared with those of a group of selected publicly traded
guideline companies and a group of selected acquired companies. Among other
factors, the level and expected growth in return on tangible equity relative to
those of the guideline companies and guideline transactions is considered. Since
the guideline company prices used are on a minority interest basis, the
selection of the multiple considers the recent acquisition prices, which reflect
control rights and privileges, in arriving at a multiple that reflects an
appropriate control premium.

For the valuation under the income approach, the assumptions used as the
basis for the model include cash flows for the forecasted period, the
assumptions embedded in arriving at an estimation of the terminal value and the
discount rate. The cash flows for the forecasted period are estimated based on
management’s most recent projections available as of the testing date, giving
consideration to targeted equity capital requirements based on selected public
guideline companies for the reporting unit. In arriving at the terminal value
for each reporting unit, using 2014 as the terminal year, the assumptions used
include a long-term growth rate and a price-to-tangible book multiple based on
selected public guideline companies for the reporting unit. The discount rate is
based on the reporting unit’s estimated cost of equity capital computed under
the capital asset pricing model.

     Embedded in the key assumptions
underlying the valuation model, described above, is the inherent uncertainty
regarding the possibility that economic conditions that affect credit risk and
behavior may vary or other events will occur that will impact the business
model. Deterioration in the assumptions used in the valuations, in particular
the discount-rate and growth-rate assumptions used in the net income
projections, could affect Citigroup’s impairment evaluation and, hence, the
Company’s net income. While there is inherent uncertainty embedded in the
assumptions used in developing management’s forecasts, the assumptions used
reflect management’s best estimates as of the testing date.

If the future were to differ adversely from
management’s best estimate of key economic assumptions and associated cash flows
were to significantly decrease, Citi could potentially experience future
impairment charges with respect to goodwill. Any such charges, by themselves,
would not negatively affect Citi’s Tier 1 and Total Capital regulatory ratios,
Tier 1 Common ratio, its Tangible Common Equity or Citi’s liquidity
position.

208

INTANGIBLE ASSETS

The components of intangible assets were as
follows:

December 31, 2011

December 31, 2010

Gross

Net

Gross

Net

carrying

       Accumulated

carrying

carrying

       Accumulated

carrying

 In millions of
dollars

amount

amortization

amount

amount

amortization

amount

 Purchased credit card relationships

$

7,616

$

5,309

       $

2,307

       $

7,796

$

5,048

       $

2,748

 Core deposit
 intangibles

1,337

965

372

1,442

959

483

 Other customer relationships

830

356

474

796

289

507

 Present value of
 future profits

235

123

112

241

114

127

 Indefinite-lived intangible assets

492

—

492

550

—

550

 Other (1)

4,866

2,023

2,843

4,723

1,634

3,089

 Intangible assets (excluding MSRs)

$

15,376

$

8,776

$

6,600

$

15,548

$

8,044

$

7,504

 Mortgage servicing rights
 (MSRs)

2,569

—

2,569

4,554

—

4,554

 Total intangible
 assets

$

17,945

$

8,776

$

9,169

$

20,102

$

8,044

$

12,058

 (1)

Includes contract-related
 intangible assets.

     Intangible assets amortization expense was $898 million, $976 million and
$1,179 million for 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Intangible assets
amortization expense is estimated to be $826 million in 2012, $822 million in
2013, $734 million in 2014, $700 million in 2015, and $807 million in
2016.

The changes in intangible
assets during 2011 were as follows:

Net
 carrying

Net
 carrying

amount
 at

FX

amount at

December 31,

       Acquisitions/

and

Discontinued

December 31,

 In millions of
dollars

2010

divestitures

       Amortization

Impairments

other

 (1)

operations

2011

 Purchased credit card relationships

$

2,748

$

5

$(435

)

$

 —

$

(11

)

$

 —

$

2,307

 Core deposit
 intangibles

483

4

(97

)

—

(18

)

—

372

 Other customer relationships

507

3

(51

)

—

15

—

474

 Present value of
 future profits

127

—

(13

)

—

(2

)

—

112

 Indefinite-lived intangible assets

550

—

—

—

(58

)

—

492

 Other

3,089

93

(302

)

(17

)

(2

)

(18

)

2,843

 Intangible assets (excluding MSRs)

$

7,504

$

105

$(898

)

$

(17

)

$

(76

)

$

(18

)

$

6,600

 Mortgage servicing rights (MSRs)
 (2)

4,554

2,569

 Total intangible
 assets

$

12,058

$

9,169

 (1)

Includes foreign exchange
 translation and purchase accounting adjustments.

 (2)

See Note 22 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements for the roll-forward of
MSRs.

209

19. DEBT

Short-Term
Borrowings

Short-term
borrowings consist of commercial paper and other borrowings with weighted
average interest rates at December 31 as follows:

2011

2010

       Weighted

       Weighted

 In millions of
dollars

Balance

average

Balance

average

 Commercial paper

 Bank

$

14,872

0.32

%

$

14,987

0.39

%

 Other non-bank

6,414

0.49

9,670

0.29

$

21,286

$

24,657

 Other borrowings

(1)

33,155

1.09

%

54,133

0.40

%

 Total

$

54,441

$

78,790

 (1)

At December 31, 2011 and December
 31, 2010, collateralized advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank were $5
 billion and $10 billion, respectively.

     Borrowings under bank lines of credit may be at interest rates based on
LIBOR, CD rates, the prime rate, or bids submitted by the banks. Citigroup pays
commitment fees for its lines of credit.

Some of Citigroup’s non-bank subsidiaries have credit facilities with
Citigroup’s subsidiary depository institutions, including Citibank, N.A.
Borrowings under these facilities must be secured in accordance with Section 23A
of the Federal Reserve Act.

Citigroup Global Markets Holdings Inc. (CGMHI) has substantial borrowing
agreements consisting of facilities that CGMHI has been advised are available,
but where no contractual lending obligation exists. These arrangements are
reviewed on an ongoing basis to ensure flexibility in meeting CGMHI’s short-term
requirements.

Long-Term Debt

Balances at

December 31,

Weighted

average

 In millions of
dollars

coupon

Maturities

2011

2010

 Citigroup parent company

 Senior
 notes

4.44

%

2012–2098

$

136,468

$

146,280

 Subordinated notes (1)

4.84

2012–2036

29,177

27,533

 Junior
 subordinated notes

        relating to trust
 preferred

        securities

7.10

2031–2067

16,057

18,131

 Bank 

(2)

 Senior
 notes

2.22

2012–2046

75,685

112,269

 Subordinated notes (1)

3.52

2012–2039

859

965

 Non-bank

 Senior notes

2.68

2012–2097

65,063

75,092

 Subordinated notes
 (1)

1.40

2012–2037

196

913

 Total
 (3)(4)

$

323,505

$

381,183

 Senior
 notes

$

277,216

$

333,641

 Subordinated notes (1)

30,232

29,411

 Junior
 subordinated notes

        relating to trust
 preferred

 securities

16,057

18,131

 Total

$

323,505

$

381,183

 (1)

Includes notes that are
 subordinated within certain countries, regions or
 subsidiaries.

 (2)

At December 31, 2011 and December
 31, 2010, collateralized advances from the Federal Home Loan Banks were
 $11.0 billion and $18.2 billion, respectively.

 (3)

Of this amount, approximately
 $38.0 billion maturing in 2012 is guaranteed by the FDIC under the
 Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program (TLGP).

 (4)

Includes senior notes with
 carrying values of $176 million issued to Safety First Trust Series
 2007-3, 2007-4, 2008-1, 2008-2, 2008-3, 2008-4, 2008-5, 2009-2, and 2009-3
 at December 31, 2011 and $364 million issued by Safety First Trust Series
 2007-2, 2007-3, 2007-4, 2008-1, 2008-2, 2008-3, 2008-4, 2008-5, 2008-6,
 2009-1, 2009-2, and 2009-3 (collectively, the “Safety First Trusts”) at
 December 31, 2010. Citigroup Funding Inc. (CFI) owns all of the voting
 securities of the Safety First Trusts. The Safety First Trusts have no
 assets, operations, revenues or cash flows other than those related to the
 issuance, administration and repayment of the Safety First Trust
 securities and the Safety First Trusts’ common securities. The Safety
 First Trusts’ obligations under the Safety First Trust securities are
 fully and unconditionally guaranteed by CFI, and CFI’s guarantee
 obligations are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by
 Citigroup.

210

     CGMHI
has committed long-term financing facilities with unaffiliated banks. At
December 31, 2011, CGMHI had drawn down the full $700 million available under
these facilities, of which $150 million is guaranteed by Citigroup. Generally, a
bank can terminate these facilities by giving CGMHI one-year prior
notice.

The Company issues both fixed
and variable rate debt in a range of currencies. It uses derivative contracts,
primarily interest rate swaps, to effectively convert a portion of its fixed
rate debt to variable rate debt and 

variable rate debt to fixed
rate debt. The maturity structure of the derivatives generally corresponds to
the maturity structure of the debt being hedged. In addition, the Company uses
other derivative contracts to manage the foreign exchange impact of certain debt
issuances. At December 31, 2011, the Company’s overall weighted average interest
rate for long-term debt was 3.62% on a contractual basis and 3.29% including the
effects of derivative contracts.

Aggregate annual maturities of
long-term debt obligations (based on final maturity dates) including trust
preferred securities are as follows:

 In millions of
dollars

2012

2013

2014

2015

2016

Thereafter

Total

 Bank

       $

32,066

       $

13,045

       $

9,158

       $

6,565

       $

6,422

       $

9,288

       $

76,544

 Non-bank

23,212

10,160

7,332

4,515

3,748

16,292

65,259

 Parent company

28,629

23,133

21,460

12,545

9,727

86,208

181,702

 Total

$

83,907

$

46,338

$

37,950

$

23,625

$

19,897

$

111,788

$

323,505

     Long-term debt includes junior subordinated debt with a balance sheet
carrying value of $16,057 million and $18,131 million at December 31, 2011 and
December 31, 2010, respectively. The Company formed statutory business trusts
under the laws of the State of Delaware. The trusts exist for the exclusive
purposes of (i) issuing trust securities representing undivided beneficial
interests in the assets of the trust; (ii) investing the gross proceeds of the
trust securities in junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures
(subordinated debentures) of its parent; and (iii) engaging in only those
activities necessary or incidental thereto. Upon approval from the Federal
Reserve Board, Citigroup has the right to redeem these
securities.

211

The following table summarizes
the financial structure of each of the Company’s subsidiary trusts at December
31, 2011:

Junior subordinated debentures owned
 by trust

 Trust
 securities

Common

 with
 distributions

shares

Redeemable

 guaranteed
 by

Issuance

     Securities

   Liquidation

Coupon

issued

by
 issuer

 Citigroup

date

issued

value

 (1)

rate

to parent

Amount

Maturity

beginning

 In millions of dollars, except
 share amounts

 Citigroup Capital III

Dec. 1996

194,053

$

194

7.625

%

6,003

$

200

Dec. 1, 2036

   Not redeemable

 Citigroup
 Capital VII

July
 2001

35,885,898

897

7.125

%

1,109,874

925

July 31,
 2031

July 31,
 2006

 Citigroup Capital VIII

Sept. 2001

43,651,597

1,091

6.950

%

1,350,050

1,125

   Sept. 15, 2031

Sept. 17, 2006

 Citigroup
 Capital IX

Feb.
 2003

33,874,813

847

6.000

%

1,047,675

873

Feb. 14,
 2033

Feb. 13,
 2008

 Citigroup Capital X

Sept. 2003

14,757,823

369

6.100

%

456,428

380

Sept. 30, 2033

Sept. 30, 2008

 Citigroup
 Capital XI

Sept.
 2004

18,387,128

460

6.000

%

568,675

474

Sept. 27,
 2034

Sept. 27,
 2009

 Citigroup Capital XII

Mar. 2010

92,000,000

2,300

8.500

%

1,000

2,300

Mar. 30, 2040

Mar. 30, 2015

 Citigroup
 Capital XIII

Sept.
 2010

89,840,000

2,246

7.875

%

1,000

2,246

Oct. 30,
 2040

Oct. 30,
 2015

 Citigroup Capital XIV

June 2006

12,227,281

306

6.875

%

40,000

307

June 30, 2066

June 30, 2011

 Citigroup
 Capital XV

Sept.
 2006

25,210,733

630

6.500

%

40,000

631

Sept. 15,
 2066

Sept. 15,
 2011

 Citigroup Capital XVI

Nov. 2006

38,148,947

954

6.450

%

20,000

954

Dec. 31, 2066

Dec. 31, 2011

 Citigroup
 Capital XVII

Mar.
 2007

28,047,927

701

6.350

%

20,000

702

Mar. 15,
 2067

Mar. 15,
 2012

 Citigroup Capital XVIII

June 2007

99,901

155

6.829

%

50

155

June 28, 2067

June 28, 2017

 Citigroup
 Capital XIX

Aug.
 2007

22,771,968

569

7.250

%

20,000

570

Aug. 15,
 2067

Aug. 15,
 2012

 Citigroup Capital XX

Nov. 2007

17,709,814

443

7.875

%

20,000

443

Dec. 15, 2067

Dec. 15, 2012

 Citigroup
 Capital XXI

Dec.
 2007

2,345,801

2,346

8.300

%

500

2,346

Dec. 21,
 2077

Dec. 21,
 2037

 Citigroup Capital XXXIII

July 2009

3,025,000

3,025

8.000

%

100

3,025

July 30, 2039

July 30, 2014

3
 mo. LIB

 Adam Capital Trust III

Dec. 2002

17,500

18

+335 bp.

542

18

Jan. 7, 2033

Jan. 7, 2008

3
 mo. LIB

 Adam Statutory Trust III

Dec. 2002

25,000

25

+325 bp.

774

26

Dec. 26, 2032

Dec. 26, 2007

3
 mo. LIB

 Adam Statutory Trust IV

Sept. 2003

40,000

40

+295 bp.

1,238

41

Sept. 17, 2033

Sept. 17, 2008

3
 mo. LIB

 Adam Statutory Trust V

Mar. 2004

35,000

35

+279 bp.

1,083

36

Mar. 17, 2034

Mar. 17, 2009

 Total obligated

$

17,651

$

17,777

 (1)

Represents the notional value
 received by investors from the trusts at the time of
 issuance.

     In
each case, the coupon rate on the debentures is the same as that on the trust
securities. Distributions on the trust securities and interest on the debentures
are payable quarterly, except for Citigroup Capital III, Citigroup Capital XVIII
and Citigroup Capital XXI on which distributions are payable
semiannually.

     In connection with the fourth and final
remarketing of trust securities held by ADIA, during the second quarter of 2011,
Citigroup exchanged the junior subordinated debentures owned by Citigroup
Capital Trust XXXII for $1.875 billion of senior notes with a coupon of 3.953%,
payable semiannually. The senior notes mature on June 15,
2016.

212

20. REGULATORY CAPITAL

Citigroup is subject to
risk-based capital and leverage guidelines issued by the Board of Governors of
the Federal Reserve System (FRB). Its U.S. insured depository institution
subsidiaries, including Citibank, N.A., are subject to similar guidelines issued
by their respective primary federal bank regulatory agencies. These guidelines
are used to evaluate capital adequacy and include the required minimums shown in
the following table.

The regulatory agencies are required by law to
take specific prompt actions with respect to institutions that do not meet
minimum capital standards. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, all of Citigroup’s
U.S. insured subsidiary depository institutions were “well capitalized.”

At
December 31, 2011, regulatory capital as set forth in guidelines issued by the
U.S. federal bank regulators is as follows:

Well-

Required

capitalized

 In millions of
dollars

minimum

minimum

Citigroup

Citibank, N.A.

 Tier 1 Common

$

114,854

$

121,269

 Tier 1
 Capital

131,874

121,862

 Total Capital (1)

165,384

134,284

 Tier 1 Common
 ratio

N/A

N/A

11.80

%

14.63

%

 Tier 1 Capital ratio

4.0

%

6.0

%

13.55

14.70

 Total Capital
 ratio

8.0

10.0

16.99

16.20

 Leverage ratio

3.0

5.0

 (2)

7.19

9.66

 (1)

Total Capital includes Tier 1
 Capital and Tier 2 Capital.

 (2)

Applicable only to depository
 institutions. 

 N/A

Not
 Applicable

Banking Subsidiaries–Constraints on
Dividends

There are various
legal limitations on the ability of Citigroup’s subsidiary depository
institutions to extend credit, pay dividends or otherwise supply funds to
Citigroup and its non-bank subsidiaries. The approval of the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency is required if total dividends declared in any
calendar year exceed amounts specified by the applicable agency’s regulations.
State-chartered depository institutions are subject to dividend limitations
imposed by applicable state law.

In determining the dividends, each depository
institution must also consider its effect on applicable risk-based capital and
leverage ratio requirements, as well as policy statements of the federal
regulatory agencies that indicate that banking organizations should generally
pay dividends out of current operating earnings. Citigroup received $10.9
billion in dividends from Citibank, N.A. in 2011.

Non-Banking
Subsidiaries

Citigroup also
receives dividends from its non-bank subsidiaries. These non-bank subsidiaries
are generally not subject to regulatory restrictions on
dividends.

The ability of CGMHI to declare dividends can be restricted by capital
considerations of its broker-dealer subsidiaries.

 In millions of
dollars

Net

Excess
 over

capital
 or

minimum

 Subsidiary

Jurisdiction

equivalent

requirement

 Citigroup Global Markets Inc.

U.S. Securities

       and Exchange

       Commission

       Uniform Net

       Capital Rule

       (Rule 15c3-1)

$7,773

$6,978

 Citigroup Global Markets Limited  

United Kingdom’s

Financial

Services

Authority

$8,140

$5,757

213

21. CHANGES IN ACCUMULATED OTHER
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS)

Changes in each component of

Accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss)

 for the three-year
period ended December 31, 2011 are as follows:

Foreign

Net

currency

unrealized

translation

Accumulated

gains
 (losses)

adjustment,

Pension

other

on
 investment

net
 of

Cash flow

liability

comprehensive

 In millions of
dollars

securities

hedges

hedges

adjustments

income (loss)

 Balance at January 1, 2009

$

(10,060

)

$

(7,744

)

$

(5,189

)

$

(2,615

)

$

(25,608

)

 Change in net
 unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities, net of taxes
 (1)

5,713

—

—

—

5,713

 Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of taxes
 (2)

—

(203

)

—

—

(203

)

 Cash flow
 hedges, net of taxes (3)

—

—

2,007

—

2,007

 Pension liability adjustment, net
 of taxes (4)

—

—

—

(846

)

(846

)

 Change

$

5,713

$

(203

)

$

2,007

$

(846

)

$

6,671

 Balance at December 31, 2009

$

(4,347

)

$

(7,947

)

$

(3,182

)

$

(3,461

)

$

(18,937

)

 Change in net
 unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities,

        net of
 taxes 
(1)

1,952

—

—

—

1,952

 Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of taxes
 (2)

—

820

—

—

820

 Cash flow hedges, net of taxes (3)

—

—

532

—

532

 Pension liability adjustment, net
 of taxes (4)

—

—

—

(644

)

(644

)

 Change

$

1,952

$

820

$

532

$

(644

)

$

2,660

 Balance at December 31, 2010

$

(2,395

)

$

(7,127

)

$

(2,650

)

$

(4,105

)

$

(16,277

)

 Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities,
 net of taxes (1)

2,360

—

—

—

2,360

 Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of taxes
 (2)

—

(3,524

)

—

—

(3,524

)

 Cash flow hedges, net of taxes (3)

—

—

(170

)

—

(170

)

 Pension liability adjustment, net
 of taxes (4)

—

—

—

(177

)

(177

)

 Change

$

2,360

$

(3,524

)

$

(170

)

$

(177

)

$

(1,511

)

 Balance at December 31,
 2011

$

(35

)

$

(10,651

)

$

(2,820

)

$

(4,282

)

$

(17,788

)

 (1)

The after-tax realized gains
 (losses) on sales and impairments of securities during the years ended
 December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 were $(122) million, $657 and $(445)
 million, respectively. For details of the unrealized gains and losses on
 Citigroup’s available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities, and the
 net gains (losses) included in income, see Note 15 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements.

 (2)

Primarily reflects the movements
 in (by order of impact) the Mexican peso, Turkish lira, Brazilian real,
 Indian rupee and Polish zloty against the U.S. dollar, and changes in
 related tax effects and hedges in 2011. Primarily reflects the movements
 in the Australian dollar, Brazilian real, Canadian dollar, Japanese yen,
 Mexican peso, and Chinese yuan (renminbi) against the U.S. dollar, and
 changes in related tax effects and hedges in 2010 and 2009.

 (3)

Primarily driven by Citigroup’s
 pay fixed/receive floating interest rate swap programs that are hedging
 the floating rates on deposits and long-term debt.

 (4)

Reflects adjustments to the
 funded status of pension and postretirement plans, which is the difference
 between the fair value of the plan assets and the projected benefit
 obligation.

214

22. SECURITIZATIONS AND VARIABLE
INTEREST ENTITIES

Uses of SPEs

A special purpose entity (SPE) is an entity
designed to fulfill a specific limited need of the company that organized it.
The principal uses of SPEs are to obtain liquidity and favorable capital
treatment by securitizing certain of Citigroup’s financial assets, to assist
clients in securitizing their financial assets and to create investment products
for clients. SPEs may be organized in many legal forms including trusts,
partnerships or corporations. In a securitization, the company transferring
assets to an SPE converts all (or a portion) of those assets into cash before
they would have been realized in the normal course of business through the SPE’s
issuance of debt and equity instruments, certificates, commercial paper and
other notes of indebtedness, which are recorded on the balance sheet of the SPE
and not reflected in the transferring company’s balance sheet, assuming
applicable accounting requirements are
satisfied.

Investors usually have recourse to the assets in the SPE and often
benefit from other credit enhancements, such as a collateral account or
over-collateralization in the form of excess assets in the SPE, a line of
credit, or from a liquidity facility, such as a liquidity put option or asset
purchase agreement. The SPE can typically obtain a more favorable credit rating
from rating agencies than the transferor could obtain for its own debt
issuances, resulting in less expensive financing costs than unsecured debt. The
SPE may also enter into derivative contracts in order to convert the yield or
currency of the underlying assets to match the needs of the SPE investors or to
limit or change the credit risk of the SPE. Citigroup may be the provider of
certain credit enhancements as well as the counterparty to any related
derivative contracts.

Most of Citigroup’s SPEs are now VIEs, as
described below.

Variable Interest
Entities

VIEs are entities
that have either a total equity investment that is insufficient to permit the
entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial
support, or whose equity investors lack the characteristics of a controlling
financial interest (i.e., ability to make significant decisions through voting
rights, and right to receive the expected residual returns of the entity or
obligation to absorb the expected losses of the entity). Investors that finance
the VIE through debt or equity interests or other counterparties that provide
other forms of support, such as guarantees, subordinated fee arrangements, or
certain types of derivative contracts, are variable interest holders in the
entity.

The variable interest holder,
if any, that has a controlling financial interest in a VIE is deemed to be the
primary beneficiary and must consolidate the VIE. Citigroup would be deemed to
have a controlling financial interest and be the primary beneficiary if it has
both of the following characteristics:

 power to direct activities of a VIE
 that most significantly impact the 
entity’s economic performance; and

obligation to absorb losses of the
 entity that could potentially be 
significant to the VIE or right to receive benefits from the entity
 that could 
potentially be
 significant to the VIE. 

The Company must evaluate its
involvement in each VIE and understand the purpose and design of the entity, the
role the Company had in the entity’s design, and its involvement in the VIE’s
ongoing activities. The Company then must evaluate which activities most
significantly impact the economic performance of the VIE and who has the power
to direct such activities.

For those VIEs where the Company determines that it has the power to
direct the activities that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic
performance, the Company then must evaluate its economic interests, if any, and
determine whether it could absorb losses or receive benefits that could
potentially be significant to the VIE. When evaluating whether the Company has
an obligation to absorb losses that could potentially be significant, it
considers the maximum exposure to such loss without consideration of
probability. Such obligations could be in various forms, including but not
limited to, debt and equity investments, guarantees, liquidity agreements, and
certain derivative contracts.

In various other transactions, the Company may act as a derivative
counterparty (for example, interest rate swap, cross-currency swap, or purchaser
of credit protection under a credit default swap or total return swap where the
Company pays the total return on certain assets to the SPE); may act as
underwriter or placement agent; may provide administrative, trustee or other
services; or may make a market in debt securities or other instruments issued by
VIEs. The Company generally considers such involvement, by itself, not to be
variable interests and thus not an indicator of power or potentially significant
benefits or losses.

215

     Citigroup’s involvement with consolidated and unconsolidated VIEs with
which the Company holds significant variable interests or has continuing
involvement through servicing a majority of the assets in a VIE as of December
31, 2011 and December 31, 2010 is presented below:

 In millions of
dollars

 As of December 31, 2011

Maximum exposure to loss in significant

unconsolidated VIEs 

 (1)

Funded exposures

 (2)

Unfunded exposures

 (3)

Total

involvement

Significant

Guarantees

with SPE

Consolidated

unconsolidated

Debt

Equity

Funding

and

 Citicorp

assets

VIE / SPE assets

VIE assets 

(4)

investments

investments

commitments

derivatives

Total

 Credit card securitizations

$

56,177

$

56,177

$

—

$

 —

$

—

$

—

$

 —

$

—

 Mortgage
 securitizations (5)

        U.S.
agency-sponsored

232,179

—

232,179

3,769

—

—

26

3,795

        Non-agency-sponsored

11,167

1,705

9,462

372

—

—

—

372

 Citi-administered asset-backed

        commercial paper
 conduits

        (ABCP)

34,987

21,971

13,016

—

—

13,016

—

13,016

 Third-party
 commercial

        paper conduits

7,955

—

7,955

448

—

298

—

746

 Collateralized debt obligations

        (CDOs)

3,334

—

3,334

20

—

—

—

20

 Collateralized
 loan obligations

        (CLOs)

8,127

—

8,127

64

—

—

—

64

 Asset-based financing

18,586

1,303

17,283

7,444

2

2,891

121

10,458

 Municipal
 securities tender

        option bond trusts
 (TOBs)

16,849

8,224

8,625

708

—

5,413

—

6,121

 Municipal investments

19,931

299

19,632

2,220

3,397

1,439

—

7,056

 Client
 intermediation

2,110

24

2,086

468

—

—

—

468

 Investment funds

3,415

30

3,385

—

171

63

—

234

 Trust preferred
 securities

17,882

—

17,882

—

128

—

—

128

 Other

6,210

97

6,113

354

172

279

79

884

 Total

$

438,909

$

89,830

$

349,079

$

15,867

$

3,870

$

23,399

$

226

$

43,362

 Citi Holdings

 Credit card
 securitizations

$

31,686

$

31,487

$

199

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

 Mortgage securitizations

        U.S.
agency-sponsored

152,265

—

152,265

1,159

—

—

120

1,279

        Non-agency-sponsored

17,396

1,681

15,715

56

—

—

2

58

 Student loan
 securitizations

1,822

1,822

—

—

—

—

—

—

 Third-party commercial

       paper conduits 

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

 Collateralized debt obligations

        (CDOs)

6,581

—

6,581

117

—

—

120

237

 Collateralized loan obligations

        (CLOs)

7,479

—

7,479

1,125

—

6

90

1,221

 Asset-based financing

11,927

73

11,854

5,008

3

250

—

5,261

 Municipal investments

5,637

—

5,637

206

265

71

—

542

 Client intermediation

111

111

—

—

—

—

—

—

 Investment funds

1,114

14

1,100

—

43

—

—

43

 Other

6,762

6,581

181

3

36

15

—

54

 Total

$

242,780

$

41,769

$

201,011

$

7,674

$

347

$

342

$

332

$

8,695

 Total Citigroup

$

681,689

$

131,599

$

550,090

$

23,541

$

4,217

$

23,741

$

558

$

52,057

 (1)

The definition of maximum
 exposure to loss is included in the text that follows.

 (2)

Included in Citigroup’s December
 31, 2011 Consolidated Balance Sheet.

 (3)

Not included in Citigroup’s
 December 31, 2011 Consolidated Balance Sheet.

 (4)

A significant unconsolidated VIE
 is an entity where the Company has any variable interest considered to be
 significant, regardless of the likelihood of loss or the notional amount
 of exposure.

 (5)

Citicorp mortgage securitizations
 also include agency and non-agency (private label) re-securitization
 activities. These SPEs are not consolidated. See “Re-Securitizations”
 below for further discussion.

 Reclassified to conform to the
 current year’s presentation.

216

 In millions of dollars

As of December 31, 2010

Maximum exposure to loss in significant

unconsolidated VIEs

 (1)

Funded exposures

(2)  

Unfunded exposures

 (3)

Total

involvement

Consolidated

Significant

Guarantees

with SPE

VIE
 / SPE

unconsolidated

Debt

Equity

Funding

and

assets

assets

VIE assets

 (4)

investments

investments

commitments

derivatives

Total

$

62,061

$

62,061

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

 —

211,178

—

211,178

3,331

—

—

27

3,358

16,441

1,454

14,987

718

—

—

—

718

30,941

21,312

9,629

—

—

9,629

—

9,629

4,845

308

4,537

415

—

298

—

713

5,379

—

5,379

103

—

—

—

103

6,740

—

6,740

68

—

—

—

68

17,571

1,421

16,150

5,641

—

5,596

11

11,248

17,047

8,105

8,942

—

—

6,454

423

6,877

13,720

178

13,542

2,057

2,929

1,836

—

6,822

6,190

1,899

4,291

1,070

8

—

—

1,078

3,741

259

3,482

2

82

66

19

169

19,776

—

19,776

—

128

—

—

128

4,750

1,412

3,338

467

32

119

80

698

$

420,380

$

98,409

$

321,971

$

13,872

$

3,179

$

23,998

$

560

$

41,609

$

33,606

$

33,196

$

410

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

207,729

—

207,729

2,701

—

—

108

2,809

22,274

2,727

19,547

160

—

—

—

160

2,893

2,893

—

—

—

—

—

—

3,365

—

3,365

—

—

252

—

252

8,452

755

7,697

189

—

—

141

330

12,234

—

12,234

1,754

—

29

401

2,184

22,756

136

22,620

8,626

3

300

—

8,929

5,241

—

5,241

561

200

196

—

957

624

195

429

27

—

—

345

372

1,961

627

1,334

—

70

45

—

115

8,444

6,955

1,489

276

112

91

—

479

$

329,579

$

47,484

$

282,095

$

14,294

$

385

$

913

$

995

$

16,587

$

749,959

$

145,893

$

604,066

$

28,166

$

3,564

$

24,911

$

1,555

$

58,196

217

The previous tables do not
include:

 certain venture capital investments
 made by some of the Company’s 
private equity subsidiaries, as the Company accounts for these
 investments in accordance with the Investment Company Audit Guide;

certain limited partnerships that are
 investment funds that qualify for 
the deferral from the requirements of ASC 810 where the Company is
 the 
general partner and the limited
 partners have the right to replace the 
general partner or liquidate the funds;

certain investment funds for which the
 Company provides investment 
management services and personal estate trusts for which the
 Company 
provides administrative,
 trustee and/or investment management services;

VIEs structured by third parties where
 the Company holds securities in 
inventory. These investments are made on arm’s-length terms;

certain positions in mortgage-backed
 and asset-backed securities 
held by
 the Company, which are classified as 
Trading account assets

or 
Investments

, where the
 Company has no other involvement with 
the related securitization entity deemed to be significant. For
 more 
information on these
 positions, see Notes 14 and 15 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements;

certain representations and warranties
 exposures in legacy 
Securities
 and

Banking 

mortgage-backed and asset-backed
 securitizations, where the 
Company
 has no variable interest or continuing involvement as servicer. The

outstanding balance of the loans
 securitized was approximately $22 billion 
at December 31, 2011, related to legacy
 transactions sponsored by 
Securities

and
 Banking 

during the period 2005
 to 2008; and

certain representations and warranties
 exposures in Consumer mortgage 
securitizations, where the original mortgage loan balances are
 no 
longer outstanding.

     The
asset balances for consolidated VIEs represent the carrying amounts of the
assets consolidated by the Company. The carrying amount may represent the
amortized cost or the current fair value of the assets depending on the legal
form of the asset (e.g., security or loan) and the Company’s standard accounting
policies for the asset type and line of business.

The asset balances for unconsolidated VIEs where
the Company has significant involvement represent the most current information
available to the Company. In most cases, the asset balances represent an
amortized cost basis without regard to impairments in fair value, unless fair
value information is readily available to the Company. For VIEs that obtain
asset exposures synthetically through derivative instruments (for example,
synthetic CDOs), the tables generally include the full original notional amount
of the derivative as an asset.

The maximum funded exposure represents the balance sheet carrying amount
of the Company’s investment in the VIE. It reflects the initial amount of cash
invested in the VIE plus any accrued interest and is adjusted for any
impairments in value recognized in earnings and any cash principal payments
received. The maximum exposure of unfunded positions represents the remaining
undrawn committed amount, including liquidity and credit facilities provided by
the Company, or the notional amount of a derivative instrument considered to be
a variable interest, adjusted for any declines in fair value recognized in
earnings. In certain transactions, the Company has entered into derivative
instruments or other arrangements that are not considered variable interests in
the VIE (e.g., interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps, or where the Company
is the purchaser of credit protection under a credit default swap or total
return swap where the Company pays the total return on certain assets to the
SPE). Receivables under such arrangements are not included in the maximum
exposure amounts.

218

Funding Commitments for
Significant Unconsolidated VIEs—Liquidity Facilities and Loan
Commitments

The following
table presents the notional amount of liquidity facilities and loan commitments
that are classified as funding commitments in the VIE tables above as of
December 31, 2011:

 In millions of
dollars

Liquidity facilities

Loan commitments

 Citicorp

 Citi-administered asset-backed commercial paper conduits
 (ABCP)

$

13,016

$

—

 Third-party commercial paper conduits

298

—

 Asset-based
 financing

5

2,886

 Municipal securities tender option bond trusts (TOBs)

5,413

—

 Municipal
 investments

390

1,049

 Investment funds

—

63

 Other

—

279

 Total Citicorp

$

19,122

$

4,277

 Citi
 Holdings

 Collateralized loan obligations (CLOs)

$

—

$

6

 Asset-based
 financing

79

171

 Municipal investments

—

71

 Other

—

15

 Total Citi
 Holdings

$

79

$

263

 Total Citigroup funding
 commitments

$

19,201

$

4,540

Citicorp and Citi
Holdings Consolidated VIEs

The Company engages in on-balance-sheet securitizations which are
securitizations that do not qualify for sales treatment; thus, the assets remain
on the Company’s balance sheet. The consolidated VIEs included in the tables
below represent hundreds of separate entities with which the Company is
involved. In general, the third-party investors in the obligations of
consolidated VIEs have legal recourse only to the assets of the VIEs and do not
have such recourse to the Company, except where the Company has provided a
guarantee to the investors or is the counterparty to certain derivative
transactions involving the VIE. In addition, the assets are generally restricted
only to pay such liabilities. 

     Thus,
the Company’s maximum legal exposure to loss related to consolidated VIEs is
significantly less than the carrying value of the consolidated VIE assets due to
outstanding third-party financing. 
Intercompany assets and liabilities are excluded from the table. All
assets are restricted from being sold or pledged as collateral. The cash flows
from these assets are the only source used to pay down the associated
liabilities, which are non-recourse to the Company’s general assets.

The following table presents the carrying amounts
and classifications of consolidated assets that are collateral for consolidated
VIE and SPE obligations: 

 In billions of
dollars

December 31, 2011

December 31, 2010

Citicorp

Citi Holdings

Citigroup

Citicorp

Citi Holdings

Citigroup

 Cash

$

0.2

$

0.4

$

0.6

$

0.2

$

0.6

$

0.8

 Trading account
 assets

0.4

0.1

0.5

4.9

1.6

6.5

 Investments

7.9

2.7

10.6

7.9

—

7.9

 Total loans,
 net

80.8

38.3

119.1

85.3

44.7

130.0

 Other

0.5

0.3

0.8

0.1

0.6

0.7

 Total assets

$

89.8

$

41.8

$

131.6

$

98.4

$

47.5

$

145.9

 Short-term borrowings

$

22.5

$

0.8

$

23.3

$

23.1

$

2.2

$

25.3

 Long-term debt

32.6

17.9

50.5

47.6

22.1

69.7

 Other liabilities

0.4

0.2

0.6

0.6

0.2

0.8

 Total liabilities

$

55.5

$

18.9

$

74.4

$

71.3

$

24.5

$

95.8

219

Citicorp and Citi
Holdings Significant Variable Interests in Unconsolidated VIEs—Balance Sheet
Classification

The
following tables present the carrying amounts and classification of significant
variable interests in unconsolidated VIEs as of December 31, 2011 and December
31, 2010:

 In billions of
dollars

  December 31,
2011

December 31, 2010

Citicorp

Citi Holdings

Citigroup

Citicorp

Citi Holdings

Citigroup

 Trading account assets

$

5.6

$

1.0

$

6.6

$

4.7

$

2.6

$

7.3

 Investments

3.8

4.4

8.2

3.8

5.9

9.7

 Loans

8.8

1.6

10.4

5.9

5.0

10.9

 Other

1.6

1.0

2.6

2.7

2.0

4.7

 Total assets

$

19.8

$

8.0

$

27.8

$

17.1

$

15.5

$

32.6

 Long-term debt

$

0.2

$

—

$

0.2

$

0.4

$

0.5

$

0.9

 Other liabilities

—

—

—

—

—

—

 Total liabilities

$

0.2

$

—

$

0.2

$

0.4

$

0.5

$

0.9

Credit Card
Securitizations

The Company securitizes
credit card receivables through trusts that are established to purchase the
receivables. Citigroup transfers receivables into the trusts on a non-recourse
basis. Credit card securitizations are revolving securitizations; that is, as
customers pay their credit card balances, the cash proceeds are used to purchase
new receivables and replenish the receivables in the trust. Since the adoption
of SFAS 167 on January 1, 2010, the trusts are treated as consolidated entities,
because, as servicer, Citigroup has the power to direct the activities that most
significantly impact the economic performance of the trusts and also holds a
seller’s interest and certain securities issued by the trusts, and provides
liquidity

facilities to the trusts,
which could result in potentially significant losses or benefits from the
trusts. Accordingly, the transferred credit card receivables are required to
remain on the Consolidated Balance Sheet with no gain or loss recognized. The
debt issued by the trusts to third parties is included in the Consolidated
Balance Sheet.

The Company relies on securitizations to fund a significant portion of
its credit card businesses in 
North America

. The
following table reflects amounts related to the Company’s securitized credit
card receivables:

Citicorp

Citi Holdings

December 31,

December 31,

 In billions of
dollars

2011

2010

  2011

  2010

 Principal amount of credit card
 receivables in trusts

$

59.6

$

67.5

$

30.8

$

34.1

 Ownership
 interests in principal amount of trust credit card receivables

 Sold to investors via trust-issued securities

$

30.4

$

42.0

$

12.6

$

16.4

 Retained by
 Citigroup as trust-issued securities

7.7

3.4

7.1

7.1

 Retained by Citigroup via
 non-certificated interests

21.5

22.1

11.1

10.6

 Total ownership interests in
 principal amount of trust credit card receivables

$

59.6

$

67.5

$

30.8

$

34.1

220

Credit Card
Securitizations—Citicorp

The following table summarizes selected cash flow information related to
Citicorp’s credit card securitizations for the years ended December 31, 2011,
2010 and 2009:

 In billions of
dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Proceeds from new securitizations

$

—

$

—

$

16.3

 Pay down of
 maturing notes

(12.8

)

(24.5

)

N/A

 Proceeds from collections reinvested

        in new receivables

N/A

N/A

144.4

 Contractual
 servicing fees received

N/A

N/A

1.3

 Cash flows received on retained

        interests and other net cash
 flows

N/A

N/A

3.1

Credit Card
Securitizations—Citi Holdings

The following table summarizes selected cash flow information related to
Citi Holdings’ credit card securitizations for the years ended December 31,
2011, 2010 and 2009:

 In billions of
dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Proceeds from new securitizations

$

3.9

$

5.5

$

29.4

 Pay down of
 maturing notes

(7.7

)

(15.8

)

N/A

 Proceeds from collections reinvested

        in new receivables

N/A

N/A

46.0

 Contractual
 servicing fees received

N/A

N/A

0.7

 Cash flows received on retained

        interests and other net cash
 flows

N/A

N/A

2.6

Managed Loans

After securitization of credit card receivables,
the Company continues to maintain credit card customer account relationships and
provides servicing for receivables transferred to the trusts. As a result, the
Company considers the securitized credit card receivables to be part of the
business it manages. As Citigroup consolidates the credit card trusts, all
managed securitized card receivables are on-balance sheet.

Funding, Liquidity Facilities and
Subordinated Interests

Citigroup securitizes credit card receivables through two securitization
trusts—Citibank Credit Card Master Trust (Master Trust), which is part of
Citicorp, and the Citibank OMNI Master Trust (Omni Trust), which is part of Citi
Holdings as of December 31, 2011. The liabilities of the trusts are included in
the Consolidated Balance Sheet, excluding those retained by
Citigroup.

Master Trust issues fixed- and floating-rate term notes. Some of the term
notes are issued to multi-seller commercial paper conduits. The weighted average
maturity of the term notes issued by the Master Trust was 3.1 years as of
December 31, 2011 and 3.4 years as of December 31, 2010.

Master Trust Liabilities (at par
value)

December 31,

December 31,

 In billions of
dollars

2011

2010

 Term notes issued to multi-seller

        commercial paper
 conduits

$

 —

$

0.3

 Term notes
 issued to third parties

30.4

41.8

 Term notes retained by Citigroup
 affiliates

7.7

3.4

 Total Master Trust
 liabilities

$

38.1

$

45.5

     The
Omni Trust issues fixed- and floating-rate term notes, some of which are
purchased by multi-seller commercial paper conduits.

The weighted average maturity of the third-party
term notes issued by the Omni Trust was 1.5 years as of December 31, 2011 and
1.8 years as of December 31, 2010.

Omni Trust Liabilities (at par
value)

December 31,

December 31,

 In billions of
dollars

2011

2010

 Term notes issued to multi-seller

        commercial paper
 conduits

$

3.4

$

7.2

 Term notes
 issued to third parties

9.2

9.2

 Term notes retained by Citigroup
 affiliates

7.1

7.1

 Total Omni Trust
 liabilities

$

19.7

$

23.5

Mortgage
Securitizations

The
Company provides a wide range of mortgage loan products to a diverse customer
base.

Once originated, the Company
often securitizes these loans through the use of SPEs. These SPEs are funded
through the issuance of Trust Certificates backed solely by the transferred
assets. These certificates have the same average life as the transferred assets.
In addition to providing a source of liquidity and less expensive funding,
securitizing these assets also reduces the Company’s credit exposure to the
borrowers. These mortgage loan securitizations are primarily non-recourse,
thereby effectively transferring the risk of future credit losses to the
purchasers of the securities issued by the trust. However, the Company’s
Consumer business generally retains the servicing rights and in certain
instances retains investment securities, interest-only strips and residual
interests in future cash flows from the trusts and also provides servicing for a
limited number of 
Securities and
Banking

 securitizations.

Securities and
Banking

 and 
Special Asset Pool

 do not retain servicing for their mortgage
securitizations.

221

     The
Company securitizes mortgage loans generally through either a
government-sponsored agency, such as Ginnie Mae, FNMA or Freddie Mac (U.S.
agency-sponsored mortgages), or private label (non-agency-sponsored mortgages)
securitization. The Company is not the primary beneficiary of its U.S.
agency-sponsored mortgage securitizations, because Citigroup does not have the
power to direct the activities of the SPE that most significantly impact the
entity’s economic performance. Therefore, Citi does not consolidate these U.S.
agency-sponsored mortgage securitizations.

     The Company does not consolidate certain
non-agency-sponsored mortgage securitizations because Citi is either not the
servicer with the power to direct the significant activities of the entity or
Citi is the servicer but the servicing relationship is deemed to be a fiduciary
relationship and, therefore, Citi is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary of
the entity.

In certain instances, the
Company has (1) the power to direct the activities and (2) the obligation to
either absorb losses or right to receive benefits that could be potentially
significant to its non-agency-sponsored mortgage securitizations and, therefore,
is the primary beneficiary and consolidates the SPE.

Mortgage
Securitizations—Citicorp

The following tables summarize selected cash flow information related to
mortgage securitizations for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and
2009:

2011

2010

2009

Agency- and

Agency- and

U.S. agency-

Non-agency-

non-agency-

non-agency-

sponsored

sponsored

sponsored

sponsored

 In billions of
dollars

mortgages

mortgages

mortgages

mortgages

 Proceeds from new securitizations

$

57.1

$

0.2

$

65.1

$

15.7

 Contractual
 servicing fees received

0.5

—

0.5

—

 Cash flows received on retained
 interests and other net cash flows

0.1

—

0.1

0.1

     Gains (losses) recognized on the
securitization of U.S. agency-sponsored mortgages during 2011 were $(8) million.
For the year ended December 31, 2011, gains (losses) recognized on the
securitization of non-agency-sponsored mortgages were $(1)
million.

     Agency and non-agency mortgage
securitization gains (losses) for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009
were $(5) million and $18 million, respectively.

     Key assumptions used in measuring the
fair value of retained interests at the date of sale or securitization of
mortgage receivables for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 are as
follows:

December 31, 2011

December 31, 2010

Non-agency-sponsored
 mortgages

 (1)

U.S.
 agency-

Senior

Subordinated

Agency- and
 non-agency-

sponsored mortgages

interests

interests

sponsored mortgages

 Discount rate

0.6% to 28.3

%

2.4% to 10.0

%

8.4% to 17.6

%

0.1% to 44.9

%

        Weighted average discount
 rate

12.0

%

4.5

%

11.0

%

 Constant prepayment rate

2.2% to 30.6

%

1.0% to 2.2

%

5.2% to 22.1

%

1.5% to 49.5

%

        Weighted average constant
 prepayment rate

7.9

%

1.9

%

17.3

%

 Anticipated net credit losses (2)

NM

35.0% to 72.0

%

11.4% to 58.6

%

13.0% to 80.0

%

        Weighted average anticipated
 net credit losses

NM

45.3

%

25.0

%

 (1)

Disclosure
 of non-agency-sponsored mortgages as senior and subordinated interests is
 indicative of the interests’ position in the capital structure of the
 securitization.

 (2)

Anticipated
 net credit losses represent estimated loss severity associated with
 defaulted mortgage loans underlying the mortgage securitizations disclosed
 above. Anticipated net credit losses, in this instance, do not represent
 total credit losses incurred to date, nor do they represent credit losses
 expected on retained interests in mortgage securitizations.

 NM

Not
 meaningful. Anticipated net credit losses are not meaningful due to U.S.
 agency guarantees.

222

     The
range in the key assumptions is due to the different characteristics of the
interests retained by the Company. The interests retained range from highly
rated and/or senior in the capital structure to unrated and/or residual
interests.

The effect of adverse changes
of 10% and 20% in each of the key assumptions used to determine the fair value
of retained interests is disclosed below. The negative effect of each change is
calculated independently, holding all other assumptions
constant.  

Because the key assumptions
may not in fact be independent, the net effect of simultaneous adverse changes
in the key assumptions may be less than the sum of the individual effects shown
below.

     At December 31, 2011, the key assumptions
used to value retained interests and the sensitivity of the fair value to
adverse changes of 10% and 20% in each of the key assumptions were as
follows:

December 31, 2011

Non-agency-sponsored
 mortgages

 (1)

U.S.
 agency-

Senior

Subordinated

sponsored mortgages

interests

interests

 Discount rate

1.3% to 16.4

%

2.2% to 24.4

%

1.3% to 28.1

%

        Weighted average discount
 rate

8.1

%

9.6

%

13.5

%

 Constant prepayment rate

18.9% to 30.6

%

1.7% to 51.8

%

0.6% to 29.1

%

        Weighted average constant
 prepayment rate

28.7

%

26.2

%

10.5

%

 Anticipated net credit losses (2)

NM

0.0% to 77.9

%

29.3% to 90.0

%

 Weighted average anticipated net credit losses

NM

37.6

%

57.2

%

 (1)

Disclosure
 of non-agency-sponsored mortgages as senior and subordinated interests is
 indicative of the interests’ position in the capital structure of the
 securitization.

 (2)

Anticipated
 net credit losses represent estimated loss severity associated with
 defaulted mortgage loans underlying the mortgage securitizations disclosed
 above. Anticipated net credit losses, in this instance, do not represent
 total credit losses incurred to date, nor do they represent credit losses
 expected on retained interests in mortgage securitizations.

 NM

Not
 meaningful. Anticipated net credit losses are not meaningful due to U.S.
 agency guarantees.

U.S. agency-sponsored

Non-agency-sponsored
 mortgages

 (1)

 In millions of
dollars

mortgages

Senior interests

Subordinated interests

 Carrying value of retained
 interests

$

2,182

$

88

$

396

 Discount
 rates

        Adverse change of
10%

$

(52

)

$

(3

)

$

(26

)

        Adverse change of
20%

(101

)

(6

)

(49

)

 Constant prepayment rate

        Adverse change of
10%

$

(129

)

$

(6

)

$

(8

)

        Adverse change of
20%

(249

)

(13

)

(18

)

 Anticipated net
 credit losses

        Adverse change of
10%

$

(12

)

$

(2

)

$

(10

)

 Adverse change of 20%

(23

)

(3

)

(19

)

 (1)

Disclosure
 of non-agency-sponsored mortgages as senior and subordinated interests is
 indicative of the interests’ position in the capital structure of the
 securitization.

Mortgage
Securitizations—Citi Holdings

The following tables summarize selected cash flow information related to
Citi Holdings mortgage securitizations for the years ended December 31, 2011,
2010 and 2009:

2011

2010

2009

Agency- and

Agency- and

U.S. agency-

Non-agency-

non-agency-

non-agency-

 In billions of
dollars

sponsored mortgages

sponsored mortgages

sponsored mortgages

sponsored mortgages

 Proceeds from new securitizations

$

1.1

$

 —

$

0.6

$

70.1

 Contractual
 servicing fees received

0.5

0.1

0.8

1.4

 Cash flows received on retained
 interests and other net cash flows

0.1

—

0.1

0.4

     The
Company did not recognize gains (losses) on the securitization of U.S. agency-
and non-agency-sponsored mortgages in the years ended December 31, 2011 and
2010.

     The range in the key assumptions is due
to the different characteristics of the interests retained by the Company. The
interests retained range from highly rated and/or senior in the capital
structure to unrated and/or residual interests.

223

     The
effect of adverse changes of 10% and 20% in each of the key assumptions used to
determine the fair value of retained interests is disclosed below. The negative
effect of each change is calculated independently, holding all other assumptions
constant. Because the key assumptions may not in fact be independent,
the

net effect of simultaneous
adverse changes in the key assumptions may be less than the sum of the
individual effects shown below.

     At December 31, 2011, the key assumptions
used to value retained interests and the sensitivity of the fair value to
adverse changes of 10% and 20% in each of the key assumptions were as
follows:

December 31, 2011

Non-agency-sponsored
 mortgages

 (1)

U.S.
 agency-

Senior

Subordinated

sponsored mortgages

interests

interests

 Discount rate

6.9

%

2.9% to 18.0

%

6.7% to 18.2

%

        Weighted average discount
 rate

6.9

%

9.8

%

9.2

%

 Constant prepayment rate

30.0

%

38.8

%

2.0% to 9.6

%

        Weighted average constant
 prepayment rate

30.0

%

38.8

%

8.1

%

 Anticipated net credit losses

NM

0.4

%

57.2% to 90.0

%

        Weighted average anticipated
 net credit losses

NM

0.4

%

63.2

%

 Weighted average life

3.7 years

3.3-4.7 years

0.0-8.1 years

 (1)

Disclosure of
 non-agency-sponsored mortgages as senior and subordinated interests is
 indicative of the interests’ position in the capital structure of the
 securitization.

 NM

Not meaningful.
 Anticipated net credit losses are not meaningful due to U.S. agency
 guarantees.

U.S. agency-sponsored

Non-agency-sponsored
 mortgages

 (1)

 In millions of
dollars

mortgages

Senior interests

Subordinated interests

 Carrying value of retained
 interests

$

1,074

$

170

$

27

 Discount
 rates

        Adverse change of
10%

$

(29

)

$

(2

)

$

(3

)

 Adverse change of 20%

(56

)

(3

)

(4

)

 Constant prepayment rate

        Adverse change of
10%

$

(94

)

$

(25

)

$

(1

)

        Adverse change of
20%

(180

)

(51

)

(1

)

 Anticipated net
 credit losses

        Adverse change of
10%

$

(20

)

$

(9

)

$

(4

)

 Adverse change of 20%

(40

)

(16

)

(6

)

 (1)

Disclosure of
 non-agency-sponsored mortgages as senior and subordinated interests is
 indicative of the interests’ position in the capital structure of the
 securitization.

Mortgage Servicing
Rights

In connection with the
securitization of mortgage loans, the Company’s U.S. Consumer mortgage business
retains the servicing rights, which entitle the Company to a future stream of
cash flows based on the outstanding principal balances of the loans and the
contractual servicing fee. Failure to service the loans in accordance with
contractual requirements may lead to a termination of the servicing rights and
the loss of future servicing fees.

     The fair value of capitalized mortgage
servicing rights (MSRs) was $2.6 billion and $4.6 billion at December 31, 2011
and 2010, respectively. The MSRs correspond to principal loan balances of $401
billion and $455 billion as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. The
following table summarizes the changes in capitalized MSRs for the years ended
December 31, 2011 and 2010:

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

 Balance, beginning of year

$

4,554

$

6,530

 Originations

611

658

 Changes in fair value of MSRs due to changes in

        inputs and
 assumptions

(1,210

)

(1,067

)

 Other changes
 (1)

(1,174

)

(1,567

)

 Sale of MSRs

(212

)

—

 Balance, end of year

$

2,569

$

4,554

 (1)

Represents
 changes due to customer payments and passage of
time.

224

     The
market for MSRs is not sufficiently liquid to provide participants with quoted
market prices. Therefore, the Company uses an option-adjusted spread valuation
approach to determine the fair value of MSRs. This approach consists of
projecting servicing cash flows under multiple interest rate scenarios and
discounting these cash flows using risk-adjusted discount rates. The key
assumptions used in the valuation of MSRs include mortgage prepayment speeds and
discount rates. The model assumptions and the MSRs’ fair value estimates are
compared to observable trades of similar MSR portfolios and interest-only
security portfolios, as available, as well as to MSR broker valuations and
industry surveys. The cash flow model and underlying prepayment and interest
rate models used to value these MSRs are subject to validation in accordance
with the Company’s model validation policies.

The fair value of the MSRs is primarily affected by changes in
prepayments that result from shifts in mortgage interest rates. In managing this
risk, the Company economically hedges a significant portion of the value of its
MSRs through the use of interest rate derivative contracts, forward purchase
commitments of mortgage-backed securities and purchased securities classified as
trading.

The Company receives fees
during the course of servicing previously securitized mortgages. The amounts of
these fees for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 were as
follows:

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Servicing fees

$

1,170

$

1,356

$

1,635

 Late
 fees

76

87

93

 Ancillary fees

130

214

77

 Total MSR fees

$

1,376

$

1,657

$

1,805

     These
fees are classified in the Consolidated Statement of Income as 
Other revenue

.

Re-securitizations

The Company engages in re-securitization transactions in which debt
securities are transferred to a VIE in exchange for new beneficial interests.
During the 12 months ended December 31, 2011, Citi transferred non-agency
(private label) securities with an original par value of approximately $303
million to re-securitization entities. These securities are backed by either
residential or commercial mortgages and are often structured on behalf of
clients. As of December 31, 2011, the fair value of Citi-retained interests in
private-label re-securitization transactions structured by Citi totaled
approximately $340 million ($39 million of which relates to re-securitization
transactions executed in 2011) and are recorded in trading assets. Of this
amount, approximately $17 million and $323 million related to senior and
subordinated beneficial interests, respectively. The original par value of
private label re-securitization transactions in which Citi holds a retained
interest as of December 31, 2011 was approximately $7.2
billion.

The Company also re-securitizes U.S. government-agency guaranteed
mortgage-backed (agency) securities. During the 12 months ended December 31,
2011, Citi transferred agency securities with a fair value of approximately
$37.7 billion to re-securitization entities. As of December 31, 2011, the fair
value of Citi-retained interests in agency re-securitization transactions
structured by Citi totaled approximately $2.3 billion ($2.1 billion of which
related to re-securitization transactions executed in 2011) and are recorded in
trading assets. The original fair value of agency re-securitization transactions
in which Citi holds a retained interest as of December 31, 2011 was
approximately $50.6 billion.

As of December 31, 2011, the Company did not consolidate any
private-label or agency re-securitization entities.

225

Citi-Administered
Asset-Backed Commercial Paper Conduits

The Company is active in the asset-backed
commercial paper conduit business as administrator of several multi-seller
commercial paper conduits and also as a service provider to single-seller and
other commercial paper conduits sponsored by third parties.

Citi’s multi-seller commercial paper conduits are
designed to provide the Company’s clients access to low-cost funding in the
commercial paper markets. The conduits purchase assets from or provide financing
facilities to clients and are funded by issuing commercial paper to third-party
investors. The conduits generally do not purchase assets originated by the
Company. The funding of the conduits is facilitated by the liquidity support and
credit enhancements provided by the Company.

As administrator to Citi’s conduits, the Company is generally responsible
for selecting and structuring assets purchased or financed by the conduits,
making decisions regarding the funding of the conduits, including determining
the tenor and other features of the commercial paper issued, monitoring the
quality and performance of the conduits’ assets, and facilitating the operations
and cash flows of the conduits. In return, the Company earns structuring fees
from customers for individual transactions and earns an administration fee from
the conduit, which is equal to the income from the client program and liquidity
fees of the conduit after 
payment of
conduit expenses. This administration fee is fairly stable, since most risks and
rewards of the underlying assets are passed back to the clients and, once the
asset pricing is negotiated, most ongoing income, costs and fees are relatively
stable as a percentage of the conduit’s size.

The conduits administered by the Company do not generally invest in
liquid securities that are formally rated by third parties. The assets are
privately negotiated and structured transactions that are designed to be held by
the conduit, rather than actively traded and sold. The yield earned by the
conduit on each asset is generally tied to the rate on the commercial paper
issued by the conduit, thus passing interest rate risk to the client. Each asset
purchased by the conduit is structured with transaction-specific credit
enhancement features provided by the third-party client seller, including over
collateralization, cash and excess spread collateral accounts, direct recourse
or third-party guarantees. These credit enhancements are sized with the
objective of approximating a credit rating of A or above, based on the Company’s
internal risk ratings.

Substantially all of the funding of the conduits is in the form of
short-term commercial paper, with a weighted average life generally ranging from
25 to 60 days. As of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, the weighted
average lives of the commercial paper issued by consolidated and unconsolidated
conduits were approximately 37 and 41 days, respectively, at each period
end.

The primary credit enhancement
provided to the conduit investors is in the form of transaction-specific credit
enhancement described above. In addition, each consolidated conduit has obtained
a letter of credit from the Company, which needs to be sized to be at least
8–10% of the conduit’s assets with a floor of $200 million. The letters of
credit provided by the Company to the consolidated conduits total approximately
$2.0 billion. The net result across all multi-seller conduits administered by
the Company is that, in the event defaulted assets exceed the
transaction-specific credit enhancements described above, any losses in each
conduit are allocated first to the Company and then the commercial paper
investors.

The Company also provides the
conduits with two forms of liquidity agreements that are used to provide funding
to the conduits in the event of a market disruption, among other events. Each
asset of the conduits is supported by a transaction-specific liquidity facility
in the form of an asset purchase agreement (APA). Under the APA, the Company has
generally agreed to purchase non-defaulted eligible receivables from the conduit
at par. The APA is not generally designed to provide credit support to the
conduit, as it generally does not permit the purchase of defaulted or impaired
assets. Any funding under the APA will likely subject the underlying borrower to
the conduits to increased interest costs. In addition, the Company provides the
conduits with program-wide liquidity in the form of short-term lending
commitments. Under these commitments, the Company has agreed to lend to the
conduits in the event of a short-term disruption in the commercial paper market,
subject to specified conditions. The Company receives fees for providing both
types of liquidity agreements and considers these fees to be on fair market
terms.

226

     Finally, the Company is one of several named dealers in the commercial
paper issued by the conduits and earns a market-based fee for providing such
services. Along with third-party dealers, the Company makes a market in the
commercial paper and may from time to time fund commercial paper pending sale to
a third party. On specific dates with less liquidity in the market, the Company
may hold in inventory commercial paper issued by conduits administered by the
Company, as well as conduits administered by third parties. The amount of
commercial paper issued by its administered conduits held in inventory
fluctuates based on market conditions and activity. As of December 31, 2011, the
Company owned $144 million of the commercial paper issued by its unconsolidated
administered conduit.

With the exception of the government-guaranteed loan conduit described
below, the asset-backed commercial paper conduits are consolidated by the
Company. The Company determined that through its role as administrator it had
the power to direct the activities that most significantly impacted the
entities’ economic performance. These powers included its ability to structure
and approve the assets purchased by the conduits, its ongoing surveillance and
credit mitigation activities, and its liability management. In addition, as a
result of all the Company’s involvement described above, it was concluded that
the Company had an economic interest that could potentially be significant.
However, the assets and liabilities of the conduits are separate and apart from
those of Citigroup. No assets of any conduit are available to satisfy the
creditors of Citigroup or any of its other subsidiaries.

The Company administers one conduit that
originates loans to third-party borrowers and those obligations are fully
guaranteed primarily by AAA-rated government agencies that support export and
development financing programs. The economic performance of this
government-guaranteed loan conduit is most significantly impacted by the
performance of its underlying assets. The guarantors must approve each loan held
by the entity and the guarantors have the ability (through establishment of the
servicing terms to direct default mitigation and to purchase defaulted loans) to
manage the conduit’s loans that become delinquent to improve the economic
performance of the conduit. Because the Company does not have the power to
direct the activities of this government-guaranteed loan conduit that most
significantly impact the economic performance of the entity, it was concluded
that the Company should not consolidate the entity. The total notional exposure
under the program-wide liquidity agreement for the Company’s unconsolidated
administered conduit as of December 31, 2011 is $0.6 billion. The program-wide
liquidity agreement, along with each asset APA, is considered in the Company’s
maximum exposure to loss to the unconsolidated administered conduit.

As of December 31, 2011, this unconsolidated
government-guaranteed loan conduit held assets of approximately $13.0
billion.

Third-Party Commercial
Paper Conduits

The Company
also provides liquidity facilities to single- and multi-seller conduits
sponsored by third parties. These conduits are independently owned and managed
and invest in a variety of asset classes, depending on the nature of the
conduit. The facilities provided by the Company typically represent a small
portion of the total liquidity facilities obtained by each conduit, and are
collateralized by the assets of each conduit. As of December 31, 2011, the
notional amount of these facilities was approximately $746 million, of which
$448 million was funded under these facilities. The Company is not the party
that has the power to direct the activities of these conduits that most
significantly impact their economic performance and thus does not consolidate
them.

Collateralized Debt and
Loan Obligations

A
securitized collateralized debt obligation (CDO) is an SPE that purchases a pool
of assets consisting of asset-backed securities and synthetic exposures through
derivatives on asset-backed securities and issues multiple tranches of equity
and notes to investors.

A cash CDO, or arbitrage CDO, is a CDO designed to take advantage of the
difference between the yield on a portfolio of selected assets, typically
residential mortgage-backed securities, and the cost of funding the CDO through
the sale of notes to investors. “Cash flow” CDOs are entities in which the CDO
passes on cash flows from a pool of assets, while “market value” CDOs pay to
investors the market value of the pool of assets owned by the CDO at maturity.
In these transactions, all of the equity and notes issued by the CDO are funded,
as the cash is needed to purchase the debt securities.

A synthetic CDO is similar to a cash CDO, except
that the CDO obtains exposure to all or a portion of the referenced assets
synthetically through derivative instruments, such as credit default swaps.
Because the CDO does not need to raise cash sufficient to purchase the entire
referenced portfolio, a substantial portion of the senior tranches of risk is
typically passed on to CDO investors in the form of unfunded liabilities or
derivative instruments. Thus, the CDO writes credit protection on select
referenced debt securities to the Company or third parties and the risk is then
passed on to the CDO investors in the form of funded notes or purchased credit
protection through derivative instruments. Any cash raised from investors is
invested in a portfolio of collateral securities or investment contracts. The
collateral is then used to support the obligations of the CDO on the credit
default swaps written to counterparties.

A securitized collateralized loan obligation (CLO) is substantially
similar to the CDO transactions described above, except that the assets owned by
the SPE (either cash instruments or synthetic exposures through derivative
instruments) are corporate loans and to a lesser extent corporate bonds, rather
than asset-backed debt securities.

227

     A
third-party asset manager is typically retained by the CDO/CLO to select the
pool of assets and manage those assets over the term of the SPE. The Company is
the manager for a limited number of CLO transactions.

The Company earns fees for warehousing assets
prior to the creation of a “cash flow” or “market value” CDO/CLO, structuring
CDOs/CLOs and placing debt securities with investors. In addition, the Company
has retained interests in many of the CDOs/CLOs it has structured and makes a
market in the issued notes.

The Company’s continuing involvement in synthetic CDOs/CLOs generally
includes purchasing credit protection through credit default swaps with the
CDO/CLO, owning a portion of the capital structure of the CDO/CLO in the form of
both unfunded derivative positions (primarily super-senior exposures discussed
below) and funded notes, entering into interest-rate swap and total-return swap
transactions with the CDO/CLO, lending to the CDO/CLO, and making a market in
the funded notes.

Where a CDO/CLO entity issues preferred shares (or subordinated notes
that are the equivalent form), the preferred shares generally represent an
insufficient amount of equity (less than 10%) and create the presumption that
preferred shares are insufficient to finance the entity’s activities without
subordinated financial support. In addition, although the preferred shareholders
generally have full exposure to expected losses on the collateral and uncapped
potential to receive expected residual returns, they generally do not have the
ability to make decisions about the entity that have a significant effect on the
entity’s financial results because of their limited role in making day-to-day
decisions and their limited ability to remove the asset manager. Because one or
both of the above conditions will generally be met, the Company has concluded
that, even where a CDO/CLO entity issued preferred shares, the entity should be
classified as a VIE.

In general, the asset manager, through its ability to purchase and sell
assets or—where the reinvestment period of a CDO/CLO has expired—the ability to
sell assets, will have the power to direct the activities of the entity that
most significantly impact the economic performance of the CDO/ CLO. However,
where a CDO/CLO has experienced an event of default or an optional redemption
period has gone into effect, the activities of the asset manager may be
curtailed and/or certain additional rights will generally be provided to the
investors in a CDO/CLO entity, including the right to direct the liquidation of
the CDO/CLO entity.

The Company has retained significant portions of the “super-senior”
positions issued by certain CDOs. These positions are referred to as
“super-senior” because they represent the most senior positions in the CDO and,
at the time of structuring, were senior to tranches rated AAA by independent
rating agencies. The positions have included facilities structured in the form
of short-term commercial paper, where the Company wrote put options (“liquidity
puts”) to certain CDOs. Under the terms of the liquidity puts, if the CDO was
unable to issue commercial paper at a rate below a specified maximum (generally
LIBOR + 35 bps to LIBOR + 40 bps), the Company was obligated to fund the senior
tranche of the CDO at a specified interest rate. As of December 31, 2011, the
Company no longer had exposure to this commercial paper as all of the underlying
CDOs had been liquidated.

The Company does not generally
have the power to direct the activities of the entity that most significantly
impacts the economic performance of the CDOs/CLOs as this power is generally
held by a third-party asset manager of the CDO/CLO. As such, those CDOs/CLOs are
not consolidated. The Company may consolidate the CDO/CLO when: (i) the Company
is the asset manager and no other single investor has the unilateral ability to
remove the Company or unilaterally cause the liquidation of the CDO/CLO, or the
Company is not the asset manager but has a unilateral right to remove the
third-party asset manager or unilaterally liquidate the CDO/CLO and receive the
underlying assets, and (ii) the Company has economic exposure to the entity that
could be potentially significant to the entity.

The Company continues to monitor its involvement in unconsolidated
CDOs/CLOs to assess future consolidation risk. For example, if the Company were
to acquire additional interests in these entities and obtain the right, due to
an event of default trigger being met, to unilaterally liquidate or direct the
activities of a CDO/CLO, the Company may be required to consolidate the asset
entity. For cash CDOs/CLOs, the net result of such consolidation would be to
gross up the Company’s balance sheet by the current fair value of the securities
held by third parties and assets held by the CDO/CLO, which amounts are not
considered material. For synthetic CDOs/CLOs, the net result of such
consolidation may reduce the Company’s balance sheet, because intercompany
derivative receivables and payables would be eliminated in consolidation, and
other assets held by the CDO/CLO and the securities held by third parties would
be recognized at their current fair values.

Key Assumptions and Retained
Interests—Citi Holdings

The
key assumptions, used for the securitization of CDOs and CLOs during the year
ended December 31, 2011, in measuring the fair value of retained interests at
the date of sale or securitization are as follows:

CDOs

CLOs

 Discount rate

42.0% to 55.3

%

4.1% to 5.0

%

     The
effect of two negative changes in discount rates used to determine the fair
value of retained interests is disclosed below:

 In millions of
dollars

CDOs

CLOs

 Carrying value of retained
 interests

$

14

$

149

 Discount
 rates

        Adverse change of
10%

$

(3

)

$

(5

)

 Adverse change of 20%

(5

)

(11

)

     The cash flows received on retained
interests and other net cash flows from Citi’s CLOs for the year ended December
31, 2011 were $93 million.

228

Asset-Based
Financing

The Company provides
loans and other forms of financing to VIEs that hold assets. Those loans are
subject to the same credit approvals as all other loans originated or purchased
by the Company. Financings in the form of debt securities or derivatives are, in
most circumstances, reported in 
Trading account assets

 and
accounted for at fair value through earnings. The Company generally does not
have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact these
VIEs’ economic performance and thus it does not consolidate them.

Asset-Based
Financing—Citicorp

The primary
types of Citicorp’s asset-based financings, total assets of the unconsolidated
VIEs with significant involvement and the Company’s maximum exposure to loss at
December 31, 2011 are shown below. For the Company to realize that maximum loss,
the VIE (borrower) would have to default with no recovery from the assets held
by the VIE.

Total

Maximum

 In billions of
dollars

assets

exposure

 Type

 Commercial and
 other real estate

$

3.0

$

1.5

 Hedge funds and equities

6.0

2.3

 Airplanes, ships and other
 assets

8.3

6.7

 Total

$

17.3

$

10.5

Asset-Based Financing—Citi
Holdings

The primary types of
Citi Holdings’ asset-based financings, total assets of the unconsolidated VIEs
with significant involvement and the Company’s maximum exposure to loss at
December 31, 2011 are shown below. For the Company to realize that maximum loss,
the VIE (borrower) would have to default with no recovery from the assets held
by the VIE.

Total

Maximum

 In billions of
dollars

assets

exposure

 Type

 Commercial and
 other real estate

$

3.9

$

0.7

 Corporate loans

4.8

3.9

 Airplanes, ships and other
 assets

3.2

0.6

 Total

$

11.9

$

5.2

     The
following table summarizes selected cash flow information related to asset-based
financings for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009:

 In billions of
dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Cash flows received on retained interests and

        other net cash flows

$

1.4

$

2.8

$

2.7

     The
effect of two negative changes in discount rates used to determine the fair value of retained interests
at December 31, 2011 is disclosed below.

Asset-based

 In millions of
dollars

financing

 Carrying value of retained
 interests

$

3,943

 Value of
 underlying portfolio

        Adverse change of
10%

$

—

 Adverse change of 20%

—

Municipal Securities
Tender Option Bond (TOB) Trusts

TOB trusts hold fixed- and floating-rate, taxable and tax-exempt
securities issued by state and local governments and municipalities. The trusts
are typically single-issuer trusts whose assets are purchased from the Company
or from other investors in the municipal securities market. The TOB trusts fund
the purchase of their assets by issuing long-term, putable floating rate
certificates (Floaters) and residual certificates (Residuals). The trusts are
referred to as Tender Option Bond trusts because the Floater holders have the
ability to tender their interests periodically back to the issuing trust, as
described further below. The Floaters and Residuals evidence beneficial
ownership interests in, and are collateralized by, the underlying assets of the
trust. The Floaters are held by third-party investors, typically tax-exempt
money market funds. The Residuals are typically held by the original owner of
the municipal securities being financed.

The Floaters and the Residuals have a tenor that is equal to or shorter
than the tenor of the underlying municipal bonds. The Residuals entitle their
holders to the residual cash flows from the issuing trust, the interest income
generated by the underlying municipal securities net of interest paid on the
Floaters and trust expenses. The Residuals are rated based on the long-term
rating of the underlying municipal bond. The Floaters bear variable interest
rates that are reset periodically to a new market rate based on a spread to a
high grade, short-term, tax-exempt index. The Floaters have a long-term rating
based on the long-term rating of the underlying municipal bond and a short-term
rating based on that of the liquidity provider to the trust.

There are two kinds of TOB trusts: customer TOB
trusts and non-customer TOB trusts. Customer TOB trusts are trusts through which
customers finance their investments in municipal securities. The Residuals are
held by customers and the Floaters by third-party investors, typically
tax-exempt money market funds. Non-customer TOB trusts are trusts through which
the Company finances its own investments in municipal securities. In such
trusts, the Company holds the Residuals and third-party investors, typically
tax-exempt money market funds, hold the Floaters.

229

     The Company serves as remarketing agent to the trusts, placing the
Floaters with third-party investors at inception, facilitating the periodic
reset of the variable rate of interest on the Floaters and remarketing any
tendered Floaters. If Floaters are tendered and the Company (in its role as
remarketing agent) is unable to find a new investor within a specified period of
time, it can declare a failed remarketing, in which case the trust is unwound.
The Company may, but is not obligated to, buy the Floaters into its own
inventory. The level of the Company’s inventory of Floaters fluctuates over
time. As of December 31, 2011, the Company held $120 million of Floaters related
to both customer and non-customer TOB trusts.

For certain non-customer trusts, the Company also provides credit
enhancement. Approximately $240 million of the municipal bonds owned by TOB
trusts have a credit guarantee provided by the Company.

The Company provides liquidity to many of the
outstanding trusts. If a trust is unwound early due to an event other than a
credit event on the underlying municipal bond, the underlying municipal bonds
are sold in the market. If there is a shortfall in the trust’s cash flows
between the redemption price of the tendered Floaters and the proceeds from the
sale of the underlying municipal bonds, the trust draws on a liquidity agreement
in an amount equal to the shortfall. For customer TOBs where the Residual is
less than 25% of the trust’s capital structure, the Company has a reimbursement
agreement with the Residual holder under which the Residual holder reimburses
the Company for any payment made under the liquidity arrangement. Through this
reimbursement agreement, the Residual holder remains economically exposed to
fluctuations in value of the underlying municipal bonds. These reimbursement
agreements are generally subject to daily margining based on changes in value of
the underlying municipal bond. In cases where a third party provides liquidity
to a non-customer TOB trust, a similar reimbursement arrangement is made whereby
the Company (or a consolidated subsidiary of the Company) as Residual holder
absorbs any losses incurred by the liquidity provider.

As of December 31, 2011, liquidity agreements
provided with respect to customer TOB trusts totaled $5.4 billion of which $4.0
billion was offset by reimbursement agreements. The remaining exposure related
to TOB transactions where the Residual owned by the customer was at least 25% of
the bond value at the inception of the transaction and no reimbursement
agreement was executed. The Company also provides other liquidity agreements or
letters of credit to customer-sponsored municipal investment funds, that are not
variable interest entities, and municipality-related issuers that totaled $11.7
billion as of December 31, 2011. These liquidity agreements and letters of
credit are offset by reimbursement agreements with various term-out provisions.
In addition, as of December 31, 2011 the Company has provided liquidity
arrangements with a notional amount of $20 million for other non-consolidated
non-customer TOB trusts described below.

     The Company considers the customer
and non-customer TOB trusts to be VIEs. Customer TOB trusts are not consolidated
by the Company. The Company has concluded that the power to direct the
activities that most significantly impact the economic performance of the
customer TOB trusts is primarily held by the customer Residual holder, who may
unilaterally cause the sale of the trust’s bonds.

Non-customer TOB trusts generally are consolidated. Similar to customer
TOB trusts, the Company has concluded that the power over the non-customer TOB
trusts is primarily held by the Residual holder, which may unilaterally cause
the sale of the trust’s bonds. Because the Company holds the Residual interest,
and thus has the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact
the trust’s economic performance, it consolidates the non-customer TOB
trusts.

Total assets in non-customer TOB trusts also include $22
million of assets where the Residuals are held by hedge funds that are
consolidated and managed by the Company. The assets and the associated
liabilities of these TOB trusts are not consolidated by the hedge funds (and,
thus, are not consolidated by the Company) under the application of ASC 946,

Financial Services—Investment
Companies

, which precludes consolidation of
owned investments. The Company consolidates the hedge funds, because the Company
holds controlling financial interests in the hedge funds. Certain of the
Company’s equity investments in the hedge funds are hedged with derivatives
transactions executed by the Company with third parties referencing the returns
of the hedge fund.

Municipal
Investments

Municipal investment
transactions include debt and equity interests in partnerships that finance the
construction and rehabilitation of low-income housing, facilitate lending in new
or underserved markets, or finance the construction or operation of renewable
municipal energy facilities. The Company generally invests in these partnerships
as a limited partner and earns a return primarily through the receipt of tax
credits and grants earned from the investments made by the partnership. The
Company may also provide construction loans or permanent loans to the
development or continuation of real estate properties held by partnerships.
These entities are generally considered VIEs. The power to direct the activities
of these entities is typically held by the general partner. Accordingly, these
entities are not consolidated by the Company.

230

Client
Intermediation

Client intermediation
transactions represent a range of transactions designed to provide investors
with specified returns based on the returns of an underlying security,
referenced asset or index. These transactions include credit-linked notes and
equity-linked notes. In these transactions, the VIE typically obtains exposure
to the underlying security, referenced asset or index through a derivative
instrument, such as a total-return swap or a credit-default swap. In turn the
VIE issues notes to investors that pay a return based on the specified
underlying security, referenced asset or index. The VIE invests the proceeds in
a financial asset or a guaranteed insurance contract (GIC) that serves as
collateral for the derivative contract over the term of the transaction. The
Company’s involvement in these transactions includes being the counterparty to
the VIE’s derivative instruments and investing in a portion of the notes issued
by the VIE. In certain transactions, the investor’s maximum risk of loss is
limited and the Company absorbs risk of loss above a specified level. The
Company does not have the power to direct the activities of the VIEs that most
significantly impact their economic performance and thus it does not consolidate
them.

The Company’s maximum risk of loss in these transactions is
defined as the amount invested in notes issued by the VIE and the notional
amount of any risk of loss absorbed by the Company through a separate instrument
issued by the VIE. The derivative instrument held by the Company may generate a
receivable from the VIE (for example, where the Company purchases credit
protection from the VIE in connection with the VIE’s issuance of a credit-linked
note), which is collateralized by the assets owned by the VIE. These derivative
instruments are not considered variable interests and any associated receivables
are not included in the calculation of maximum exposure to the VIE.

Investment
Funds

The Company is the investment
manager for certain investment funds that invest in various asset classes
including private equity, hedge funds, real estate, fixed income and
infrastructure. The Company earns a management fee, which is a percentage of
capital under management, and may earn performance fees. In addition, for some
of these funds the Company has an ownership interest in the investment funds.
The Company has also established a number of investment funds as opportunities
for qualified employees to invest in private equity investments. The Company
acts as investment manager to these funds and may provide employees with
financing on both recourse and non-recourse bases for a portion of the
employees’ investment commitments.

     The Company has determined that a
majority of the investment entities managed by Citigroup are provided a deferral
from the requirements of SFAS 167, 

Amendments
to FASB Interpretation No. 46(R)

, because
they meet the criteria in Accounting Standards Update No. 2010-10,

Consolidation (Topic 810), Amendments for
Certain Investment Funds 

(ASU 2010-10). These
entities continue to be evaluated under the requirements of ASC 810-10, prior to
the implementation of SFAS 167 (FIN 46(R), 
Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities

), which required that a VIE be consolidated by the party with a variable
interest that will absorb a majority of the entity’s expected losses or residual
returns, or both.

Where
the Company has determined that certain investment entities are subject to the
consolidation requirements of SFAS 167, the consolidation conclusions reached
upon initial application of SFAS 167 are consistent with the consolidation
conclusions reached under the requirements of ASC 810-10, prior to the
implementation of SFAS 167.

Trust Preferred
Securities

The Company has raised
financing through the issuance of trust preferred securities. In these
transactions, the Company forms a statutory business trust and owns all of the
voting equity shares of the trust. The trust issues preferred equity securities
to third-party investors and invests the gross proceeds in junior subordinated
deferrable interest debentures issued by the Company. The trusts have no assets,
operations, revenues or cash flows other than those related to the issuance,
administration and repayment of the preferred equity securities held by
third-party investors. Obligations of the trusts are fully and unconditionally
guaranteed by the Company.

Because the sole asset of each of the trusts is a receivable from the
Company and the proceeds to the Company from the receivable exceed the Company’s
investment in the VIE’s equity shares, the Company is not permitted to
consolidate the trusts, even though it owns all of the voting equity shares of
the trust, has fully guaranteed the trusts’ obligations, and has the right to
redeem the preferred securities in certain circumstances. The Company recognizes
the subordinated debentures on its Consolidated Balance Sheet as long-term
liabilities.

231

23. DERIVATIVES
ACTIVITIES

In the ordinary course of business,
Citigroup enters into various types of derivative transactions. These derivative
transactions include:

 Futures and forward contracts, 

which are commitments to buy or 
sell at a future date a financial instrument, commodity or currency at
 a 
contracted price and may be settled in cash
 or through delivery.

Swap contracts, 

which are commitments to settle in cash at a future date 
or dates that may range from a few days to a number of
 years, based on 
differentials between specified
 financial indices, as applied to a notional 
principal amount.

Option contracts, 

which give the purchaser, for a premium, the right, 
but not the obligation, to buy or sell within a specified
 time a financial 
instrument, commodity or
 currency at a contracted price that may also be 
settled in cash, based on differentials between specified indices or
 prices. 

     Citigroup
enters into these derivative contracts relating to interest rate, foreign
currency, commodity, and other market/credit risks for the following
reasons:

 Trading Purposes—Customer Needs:

Citigroup offers its customers 
derivatives in connection with their risk-management actions
 to transfer, 
modify or reduce their interest
 rate, foreign exchange and other market/credit
 risks or for their own trading purposes. As part of this process, 
Citigroup considers the customers’ suitability for the risk
 involved and the 
business purpose for the
 transaction. Citigroup also manages its derivative 
risk positions through offsetting trade activities, controls focused on
 price 
verification, and daily reporting of
 positions to senior managers.

Trading Purposes—Own Account: 

Citigroup trades derivatives for its 
own account and as an active market maker. Trading limits and
 price 
verification controls are key aspects of
 this activity.

Hedging—

Citigroup uses derivatives in connection with its risk- 
management activities to hedge certain risks or reposition
 the risk profile 
of the Company. For example,
 Citigroup issues fixed-rate long-term 
debt and
 then enters into a receive-fixed, pay-variable-rate interest rate 
swap with the same tenor and notional amount to convert the
 interest 
payments to a net variable-rate basis.
 This strategy is the most common 
form of an
 interest rate hedge, as it minimizes interest cost in certain yield

curve environments. Derivatives are also used to
 manage risks inherent 
in specific groups of
 on-balance-sheet assets and liabilities, including 
AFS securities and deposit liabilities, as well as other
 interest-sensitive 
assets and liabilities. In
 addition, foreign-exchange contracts are used to 
hedge non-U.S.-dollar-denominated debt,
 foreign-currency-denominated 
available-for-sale
 securities and net investment exposures. 

     Derivatives may expose Citigroup to
market, credit or liquidity risks in excess of the amounts recorded on the
Consolidated Balance Sheet. Market risk on a derivative product is the exposure
created by potential fluctuations in interest rates, foreign-exchange rates and
other factors and is a function of the type of product, the volume of
transactions, the tenor and terms of the agreement, and the underlying
volatility. Credit risk is the exposure to loss in the event of nonperformance
by the other party to the transaction where the value of any collateral held is
not adequate to cover such losses. The recognition in earnings of unrealized
gains on these transactions is subject to management’s assessment as to
collectability. Liquidity risk is the potential exposure that arises when the
size of the derivative position may not be able to be rapidly adjusted in
periods of high volatility and financial stress at a reasonable cost.

Information pertaining to the volume of derivative activity is provided
in the tables below. The notional amounts, for both long and short derivative
positions, of Citigroup’s derivative instruments as of December 31, 2011 and
December 31, 2010 are presented in the table below.

232

Derivative
Notionals

Hedging instruments under

ASC 815 (SFAS 133)

 (1)(2)

Other derivative instruments

Trading derivatives

Management hedges

 (3)

December 31,

December 31,

December 31,

December 31,

December 31,

December 31,

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

2011

2010

2011

2010

 Interest rate
 contracts

        Swaps

$

163,079

$

155,972

$

28,069,960

$

27,084,014

$

119,344

$

135,979

        Futures
 and forwards

—

—

3,549,642

4,401,923

43,965

46,140

        Written
 options

—

—

3,871,700

3,431,608

16,786

8,762

        Purchased
 options

—

—

3,888,415

3,305,664

7,338

18,030

 Total interest rate contract notionals

$

163,079

$

155,972

$

39,379,717

$

38,223,209

$

187,433

$

208,911

 Foreign exchange
 contracts

        Swaps

$

27,575

$

29,599

$

1,182,363

$

1,118,610

$

22,458

$

27,830

        Futures
 and forwards

55,211

79,168

3,191,687

2,746,348

31,095

28,191

        Written
 options

4,292

1,772

591,818

599,025

190

50

        Purchased
 options

39,163

16,559

583,891

535,606

53

174

 Total foreign exchange contract
 notionals

$

126,241

$

127,098

$

5,549,759

$

4,999,589

$

53,796

$

56,245

 Equity
 contracts

        Swaps

$

—

$

—

$

86,978

$

67,637

$

—

$

—

        Futures
 and forwards

—

—

12,882

19,816

—

—

        Written
 options

—

—

552,333

491,519

—

—

        Purchased
 options

—

—

509,322

473,621

—

—

 Total equity contract notionals

$

—

$

—

$

1,161,515

$

1,052,593

$

—

$

—

 Commodity and other
 contracts

        Swaps

$

—

$

—

$

23,403

$

19,213

$

—

$

—

        Futures
 and forwards

—

—

73,090

115,578

—

—

        Written
 options

—

—

90,650

61,248

—

—

        Purchased
 options

—

—

99,234

61,776

—

—

 Total commodity and other contract
 notionals

$

—

$

—

$

286,377

$

257,815

$

—

$

—

 Credit derivatives
 (4)

        Protection
 sold

$

—

$

—

$

1,394,528

$

1,223,116

$

—

$

—

        Protection
 purchased

4,253

4,928

1,486,723

1,289,239

21,914

28,526

 Total credit derivatives

$

4,253

$

4,928

$

2,881,251

$

2,512,355

$

21,914

$

28,526

 Total derivative notionals

$

293,573

$

287,998

$

49,258,619

$

47,045,561

$

263,143

$

293,682

 (1)

The notional amounts
 presented in this table do not include hedge accounting relationships
 under ASC 815 (SFAS 133) where Citigroup is hedging the foreign currency
 risk of a net investment in a foreign operation by issuing a
 foreign-currency-denominated debt instrument. The notional amount of such
 debt is $7,060 million and $8,023 million at December 31, 2011 and
 December 31, 2010, respectively.

 (2)

Derivatives in hedge
 accounting relationships accounted for under ASC 815 (SFAS 133) are
 recorded in either 
Other
 assets/Other liabilities 

or

Trading account assets/Trading
 account liabilities 

on the
 Consolidated Balance Sheet.

 (3)

Management hedges represent
 derivative instruments used in certain economic hedging relationships that
 are identified for management purposes, but for which hedge accounting is
 not applied. These derivatives are recorded in either 
Other assets/Other liabilities 

or 
Trading
 account assets/Trading account liabilities 

on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

 (4)

Credit derivatives are
 arrangements designed to allow one party (protection buyer) to transfer
 the credit risk of a “reference asset” to another party (protection
 seller). These arrangements allow a protection seller to assume the credit
 risk associated with the reference asset without directly purchasing that
 asset. The Company has entered into credit derivative positions for
 purposes such as risk management, yield enhancement, reduction of credit
 concentrations and diversification of overall
risk.

233

Derivative Mark-to-Market (MTM)
Receivables/Payables

Derivatives classified in trading

Derivatives classified in other

account
assets/liabilities

 (1)(2)

assets/liabilities

 (2)

 In millions of dollars at December
 31, 2011

Assets

Liabilities

Assets

Liabilities

 Derivative instruments designated as ASC 815 (SFAS
 133) hedges

 Interest rate
contracts

      $

8,274

         $

3,306

          $

3,968

            $

1,518

 Foreign exchange contracts

3,706

1,451

1,201

863

 Total derivative instruments designated as ASC 815
 (SFAS 133) hedges

$

11,980

$

4,757

$

5,169

$

2,381

 Other derivative instruments

 Interest rate
contracts

$

749,213

$

736,785

$

212

$

96

 Foreign exchange
 contracts

90,611

95,912

325

959

 Equity contracts

20,235

33,139

—

—

 Commodity and
 other contracts

13,763

14,631

—

—

 Credit derivatives (3)

90,424

84,726

430

126

 Total other derivative
 instruments

$

964,246

$

965,193

$

967

$

1,181

 Total derivatives

$

976,226

$

969,950

$

6,136

$

3,562

 Cash collateral
 paid/received (4)(5)

6,634

7,870

307

180

 Less: Netting agreements and
 market value adjustments (6)

(875,592

)

(870,366

)

—

—

 Less: Netting cash collateral received/paid
 (7)

(44,941

)

(51,181

)

(3,462

)

—

 Net receivables/payables

$

62,327

$

56,273

$

2,981

$

3,742

 (1)

The trading derivatives fair
 values are presented in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

 (2)

Derivative mark-to-market
 receivables/payables related to management hedges are recorded in either

Other assets/Other liabilities

or 
Trading account assets/Trading account liabilities

.

 (3)

The credit derivatives
 trading assets are composed of $79,089 million related to protection
 purchased and $11,335 million related to protection sold as of December
 31, 2011. The credit derivatives trading liabilities are composed of
 $12,235 million related to protection purchased and $72,491 million
 related to protection sold as of December 31, 2011.

 (4)

For the trading
 asset/liabilities, this is the net amount of the $57,815 million and
 $52,811 million of gross cash collateral paid and received, respectively.
 Of the gross cash collateral paid, $51,181 million was used to offset
 derivative liabilities, and of the gross cash collateral received, $44,941
 million was used to offset derivative assets.

 (5)

For the other
 asset/liabilities, this is the net amount of the $307 million and $3,642
 million of the gross cash collateral paid and received, respectively. Of
 the gross cash collateral received, $3,462 million was used to offset
 derivative assets.

 (6)

Represents the netting of
 derivative receivable and payable balances for the same counterparty under
 enforceable netting agreements.

 (7)

Represents the netting of
 cash collateral paid and received by counterparty under enforceable credit support
 agreements.

Derivatives classified in trading

Derivatives classified in other

account
assets/liabilities

 (1)(2)

assets/liabilities

 (2)

 In millions of dollars at December
 31, 2010

Assets

Liabilities

Assets

Liabilities

 Derivative instruments designated as ASC 815 (SFAS
 133) hedges

 Interest rate
contracts

      $

867

         $

72

          $

6,342

            $

2,437

 Foreign exchange contracts

357

762

1,656

2,603

 Total derivative instruments designated as ASC 815
 (SFAS 133) hedges

$

1,224

$

834

$

7,998

$

5,040

 Other derivative instruments

 Interest rate
contracts

$

475,805

$

476,667

$

2,756

$

2,474

 Foreign exchange
 contracts

84,144

87,512

1,401

1,433

 Equity contracts

16,146

33,434

—

—

 Commodity and
 other contracts

12,608

13,518

—

—

 Credit derivatives (3)

65,041

59,461

88

337

 Total other derivative
 instruments

$

653,744

$

670,592

$

4,245

$

4,244

 Total derivatives

$

654,968

$

671,426

$

12,243

$

9,284

 Cash collateral
 paid/received (4)(5)

5,557

9,033

11

625

 Less: Netting agreements and
 market value adjustments (6)

(581,026

)

(575,984

)

—

—

 Less: Netting cash collateral received/paid
 (7)

(29,286

)

(44,745

)

(2,415

)

(200

)

 Net receivables/payables

$

50,213

$

59,730

$

9,839

$

9,709

 (1)

The trading derivatives fair
 values are presented in Note 14 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

 (2)

Derivative mark-to-market
 receivables/payables related to management hedges are recorded in either

Other assets/Other liabilities

or 
Trading account assets/Trading account liabilities

.

 (3)

The credit derivatives
 trading assets are composed of $42,403 million related to protection
 purchased and $22,638 million related to protection sold as of December
 31, 2010. The credit derivatives trading liabilities are composed of
 $23,503 million related to protection purchased and $35,958 million
 related to protection sold as of December 31, 2010.

 (4)

For the trading
 asset/liabilities, this is the net amount of the $50,302 million and
 $38,319 million of gross cash collateral paid and received, respectively.
 Of the gross cash collateral paid, $44,745 million was used to offset
 derivative liabilities, and of the gross cash collateral received, $29,286
 million was used to offset derivative assets.

 (5)

For the other
 asset/liabilities, this is the net amount of the $211 million and $3,040
 million of the gross cash collateral paid and received, respectively. Of
 the gross cash collateral paid, $200 million was used to offset derivative
 liabilities, and of the gross cash collateral received, $2,415 million was
 used to offset derivative assets.

 (6)

Represents the netting of
 derivative receivable and payable balances for the same counterparty under
 enforceable netting agreements.

 (7)

Represents the netting of
 cash collateral paid and received by counterparty under enforceable credit support
 agreements.

234

     All
derivatives are reported on the balance sheet at fair value. In addition, where
applicable, all such contracts covered by master netting agreements are reported
net. Gross positive fair values are netted with gross negative fair values by
counterparty pursuant to a valid master netting agreement. In addition, payables
and receivables in respect of cash collateral received from or paid to a given
counterparty are included in this netting. However, non-cash collateral is not
included.

The amounts recognized in 
Principal transactions

 in the
Consolidated Statement of Income for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and
2009 related to derivatives not designated in a qualifying hedging relationship
as well as the underlying non-derivative instruments are included in the table
below. Citigroup presents this disclosure by business classification, showing
derivative gains and losses related to its trading activities together with
gains and losses related to non-derivative instruments within the same trading
portfolios, as this represents the way these portfolios are risk
managed.

Year ended December 31,

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Interest rate
 contracts

$

5,136

$

3,231

$

6,211

 Foreign exchange

2,309

1,852

2,762

 Equity
 contracts

3

995

(334

)

 Commodity and other

76

126

924

 Credit derivatives

(290

)

1,313

(3,495

)

 Total Citigroup 

(1)

$

7,234

$

7,517

$

6,068

 (1)

Also see Note 7 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements.

     The amounts recognized in

Other revenue

 in the Consolidated Statement of Income for the years ended December 31,
2011, 2010 and 2009 are shown below. The table below does not include the
offsetting gains/losses on the hedged items, which amounts are also recorded in

Other revenue

.

Gains (losses) included in Other
 revenue

Year ended December 31,

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Interest rate
 contracts

        $

1,192

       $

(205

)

       $

108

 Foreign exchange

224

(2,052

)

3,851

 Equity
 contracts

—

—

(7

)

 Credit derivatives

115

(502

)

—

 Total Citigroup

(1)

$

1,531

$

(2,759

)

$

3,952

 (1)

Non-designated derivatives
 are derivative instruments not designated in qualifying hedging
 relationships.

Accounting for Derivative
Hedging

Citigroup accounts for
its hedging activities in accordance with ASC 815, 
Derivatives and Hedging

 (formerly SFAS 133). As a general rule, hedge
accounting is permitted where the Company is exposed to a particular risk, such
as interest-rate or foreign-exchange risk, that causes changes in the fair value
of an asset or liability or variability in the expected future cash flows of an
existing asset, liability or a forecasted transaction that may affect
earnings.

Derivative contracts hedging the risks associated with the changes in
fair value are referred to as fair value hedges, while contracts hedging the
risks affecting the expected future cash flows are called cash flow hedges.
Hedges that utilize derivatives or debt instruments to manage the foreign
exchange risk associated with equity investments in
non-U.S.-dollar-functional-currency foreign subsidiaries (net investment in a
foreign operation) are called net investment hedges.

If certain hedging criteria specified in ASC 815
are met, including testing for hedge effectiveness, special hedge accounting may
be applied. The hedge effectiveness assessment methodologies for similar hedges
are performed in a similar manner and are used consistently throughout the
hedging relationships. For fair value hedges, the changes in value of the
hedging derivative, as well as the changes in value of the related hedged item
due to the risk being hedged, are reflected in current earnings. For cash flow
hedges and net investment hedges, the changes in value of the hedging derivative
are reflected in 
Accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss)

 in
Citigroup’s stockholders’ equity, to the extent the hedge is effective. Hedge
ineffectiveness, in either case, is reflected in current earnings.

235

     For asset/liability management hedging, the fixed-rate long-term debt
would be recorded at amortized cost under current U.S. GAAP. However, by
electing to use ASC 815 (SFAS 133) fair value hedge accounting, the carrying
value of the debt is adjusted for changes in the benchmark interest rate, with
any such changes in value recorded in current earnings. The related
interest-rate swap is also recorded on the balance sheet at fair value, with any
changes in fair value reflected in earnings. Thus, any ineffectiveness resulting
from the hedging relationship is recorded in current earnings. Alternatively, a
management hedge, which does not meet the ASC 815 hedging criteria, would
involve recording only the derivative at fair value on the balance sheet, with
its associated changes in fair value recorded in earnings. The debt would
continue to be carried at amortized cost and, therefore, current earnings would
be impacted only by the interest rate shifts and other factors that cause the
change in the swap’s value and may change the underlying yield of the debt. This
type of hedge is undertaken when hedging requirements cannot be achieved or
management decides not to apply ASC 815 hedge accounting. Another alternative
for the Company would be to elect to carry the debt at fair value under the fair
value option. Once the irrevocable election is made upon issuance of the debt,
the full change in fair value of the debt would be reported in earnings. The
related interest rate swap, with changes in fair value, would also be reflected
in earnings, and provides a natural offset to the debt’s fair value change. To
the extent the two offsets are not exactly equal, the difference would be
reflected in current earnings.

Key aspects of achieving ASC 815 hedge accounting are documentation of
hedging strategy and hedge effectiveness at the hedge inception and
substantiating hedge effectiveness on an ongoing basis. A derivative must be
highly effective in accomplishing the hedge objective of offsetting either
changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item for the risk being
hedged. Any ineffectiveness in the hedge relationship is recognized in current
earnings. The assessment of effectiveness excludes changes in the value of the
hedged item that are unrelated to the risks being hedged. Similarly, the
assessment of effectiveness may exclude changes in the fair value of a
derivative related to time value that, if excluded, are recognized in current
earnings.

Fair Value Hedges

Hedging of benchmark
interest rate risk

Citigroup hedges exposure to changes in the fair value of outstanding
fixed-rate issued debt and certificates of deposit. The fixed cash flows from
those financing transactions are converted to benchmark variable-rate cash flows
by entering into receive-fixed, pay-variable interest rate swaps. Some of these
fair value hedge relationships use dollar-offset ratio analysis to determine
whether the hedging relationships are highly effective at inception and on an
ongoing basis, while others use regression.

Citigroup also hedges exposure to changes in the fair value of fixed-rate
assets, including available-for-sale debt securities and loans. The hedging
instruments used are receive-variable, pay-fixed interest rate swaps. Some of
these fair value hedging relationships use dollar-offset ratio analysis to
determine whether the hedging relationships are highly effective at inception
and on an ongoing basis, while others use regression analysis.

Hedging of foreign
exchange risk

Citigroup
hedges the change in fair value attributable to foreign-exchange rate movements
in available-for-sale securities that are denominated in currencies other than
the functional currency of the entity holding the securities, which may be
within or outside the U.S. The hedging instrument employed is a forward
foreign-exchange contract. In this type of hedge, the change in fair value of
the hedged available-for-sale security attributable to the portion of foreign
exchange risk hedged is reported in earnings and not 
Accumulated other comprehensive
income

—a process that serves to
offset substantially the change in fair value of the forward contract that is
also reflected in earnings. Citigroup considers the premium associated with
forward contracts (differential between spot and contractual forward rates) as
the cost of hedging; this is excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness
and reflected directly in earnings. The dollar-offset method is used to assess
hedge effectiveness. Since that assessment is based on changes in fair value
attributable to changes in spot rates on both the available-for-sale securities
and the forward contracts for the portion of the relationship hedged, the amount
of hedge ineffectiveness is not significant.

236

The
following table summarizes the gains (losses) on the Company’s fair value hedges
for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009:

Gains (losses) on
 fair value hedges

 (1)

Year ended December 31,

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Gain (loss) on
 derivatives in designated and qualifying fair value hedges

 Interest rate contracts

    $

4,423

   $

948

   $

(4,228

)

 Foreign exchange contracts

(117

)

729

863

 Total gain (loss) on derivatives in designated and
 qualifying fair value hedges

$

4,306

$

1,677

$

(3,365

)

 Gain (loss) on the
 hedged item in designated and qualifying fair value hedges

 Interest rate hedges

$

(4,296

)

$

(945

)

$

4,065

 Foreign exchange hedges

26

(579

)

(373

)

 Total gain (loss) on the hedged item in designated
 and qualifying fair value hedges

$

(4,270

)

$

(1,524

)

$

3,692

 Hedge
 ineffectiveness recognized in earnings on designated and qualifying fair
 value hedges

 Interest rate hedges

$

118

$

(23

)

$

(179

)

 Foreign exchange hedges

1

10

138

 Total hedge ineffectiveness recognized in earnings
 on designated and qualifying fair value hedges

$

119

$

(13

)

$

(41

)

 Net gain (loss)
 excluded from assessment of the effectiveness of fair value
 hedges

 Interest rate contracts

$

9

$

26

$

16

 Foreign exchange contracts

(92

)

140

352

 Total net gain (loss) excluded from assessment of
 the effectiveness of fair value hedges

$

(83

)

$

166

$

368

 (1)

Amounts are included in

Other revenue 

on the Consolidated Statement of Income. The
 accrued interest income on fair value hedges is recorded in

Net interest revenue

and is excluded from this
 table.

Cash Flow Hedges

Hedging of benchmark interest rate
risk

Citigroup hedges variable cash
flows resulting from floating-rate liabilities and rollover (re-issuance) of
short-term liabilities. Variable cash flows from those liabilities are converted
to fixed-rate cash flows by entering into receive-variable, pay-fixed interest
rate swaps and receive-variable, pay-fixed forward-starting interest rate swaps.
These cash-flow hedging relationships use either regression analysis or
dollar-offset ratio analysis to assess whether the hedging relationships are
highly effective at inception and on an ongoing basis. When certain interest
rates do not qualify as a benchmark interest rate, Citigroup designates the risk
being hedged as the risk of overall changes in the hedged cash flows. Since
efforts are made to match the terms of the derivatives to those of the hedged
forecasted cash flows as closely as possible, the amount of hedge
ineffectiveness is not significant.

Hedging of foreign exchange
risk

Citigroup locks in the functional
currency equivalent cash flows of long-term debt and short-term borrowings that
are denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the issuing
entity. Depending on the risk management objectives, these types of hedges are
designated as either cash flow hedges of only foreign exchange risk or cash flow
hedges of both foreign exchange and interest rate risk, and the hedging
instruments used are foreign exchange cross-currency swaps and forward
contracts. These cash flow hedge relationships use dollar-offset ratio analysis
to determine whether the hedging relationships are highly effective at inception
and on an ongoing basis.

Hedging total
return

Citigroup generally manages the
risk associated with highly leveraged financing it has entered into by seeking
to sell a majority of its exposures to the market prior to or shortly after
funding. The portion of the highly leveraged financing that is retained by
Citigroup is generally hedged with a total return
swap.

The amount
of hedge ineffectiveness on the cash flow hedges recognized in earnings for the
years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009 is not
significant.

237

The pretax
change in 
Accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss)

 from cash flow hedges for is
presented below:

Year ended December
 31,

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

2009

 Effective portion of cash flow hedges included
 in AOCI

 Interest rate
contracts

$

(1,827

)

$

(469

)

$

488

 Foreign exchange contracts

81

(570

)

689

 Total effective portion of cash flow hedges
 included in AOCI

$

(1,746

)

$

(1,039

)

$

1,177

 Effective portion of cash flow hedges
 reclassified from AOCI to earnings

 Interest rate
contracts

$

(1,224

)

$

(1,400

)

$

(1,687

)

 Foreign exchange contracts

(257

)

(500

)

(308

)

 Total effective portion of cash flow hedges
 reclassified from AOCI to earnings 

(1)

$

(1,481

)

$

(1,900

)

$

(1,995

)

 (1)

Included primarily in

Other revenue 

and 
Net
 interest revenue 

on the
 Consolidated Income Statement.

     For cash
flow hedges, any changes in the fair value of the end-user derivative remaining
in 
Accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss)

 on the Consolidated Balance Sheet will
be included in earnings of future periods to offset the variability of the
hedged cash flows when such cash flows affect earnings. The net loss associated
with cash flow hedges expected to be reclassified from 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

 within 12 months of December 31, 2011 is approximately $1.1
billion. The maximum length of time over which forecasted cash flows are hedged
is 10 years.

     The after-tax impact of cash flow
hedges on AOCI is shown in Note 21 to the Consolidated Financial
Statement

Net Investment
Hedges

Consistent with ASC 830-20,

Foreign Currency Matters—Foreign Currency
Transactions

(

formerly SFAS 52, 
Foreign Currency Translation)

, ASC 815 allows hedging of the foreign currency risk of a net investment
in a foreign operation. Citigroup uses foreign currency forwards, options, swaps
and foreign-currency-denominated debt instruments to manage the foreign exchange
risk associated with Citigroup’s equity investments in several non-U.S. dollar
functional currency foreign subsidiaries. Citigroup records the change in the
carrying amount of these investments in the 
Foreign currency translation adjustment

 account within 
Accumulated other
comprehensive income (loss)

. Simultaneously,
the effective portion of the hedge of this exposure is also recorded in
the 
Foreign currency translation adjustment 

account and the ineffective portion, if any, is immediately
recorded in earnings. 

For derivatives used in net
investment hedges, Citigroup follows the forward-rate method from FASB
Derivative Implementation Group Issue H8 (now ASC 815-35-35-16 through 35-26),
“Foreign Currency Hedges: Measuring the Amount of Ineffectiveness in a Net
Investment Hedge.” According to that method, all changes in fair value,
including changes related to the forward-rate component of the foreign currency
forward contracts and the time value of foreign currency options, are recorded
in the 
Foreign currency translation adjustment

account within 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

.

     For
foreign-currency-denominated debt instruments that are designated as hedges of
net investments, the translation gain or loss that is recorded in the

Foreign currency translation adjustment

account is based on the spot exchange rate
between the functional currency of the respective subsidiary and the U.S.
dollar, which is the functional currency of Citigroup. To the extent the
notional amount of the hedging instrument exactly matches the hedged net
investment and the underlying exchange rate of the derivative hedging instrument
relates to the exchange rate between the functional currency of the net
investment and Citigroup’s functional currency (or, in the case of a
non-derivative debt instrument, such instrument is denominated in the functional
currency of the net investment), no ineffectiveness is recorded in
earnings.

The pretax gain (loss) recorded in the 
Foreign currency translation adjustment

 account within 
Accumulated
other comprehensive income (loss)

, related to
the effective portion of the net investment hedges, is $904 million, $(3,620)
million, and $(4,727) million, for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and
2009, respectively.

Credit
Derivatives

A credit derivative is a
bilateral contract between a buyer and a seller under which the seller agrees to
provide protection to the buyer against the credit risk of a particular entity
(“reference entity” or “reference credit”). Credit derivatives generally require
that the seller of credit protection make payments to the buyer upon the
occurrence of predefined credit events (commonly referred to as “settlement
triggers”). These settlement triggers are defined by the form of the derivative
and the reference credit and are generally limited to the market standard of
failure to pay on indebtedness and bankruptcy of the reference credit and, in a
more limited range of transactions, debt restructuring. Credit derivative
transactions referring to emerging market reference credits will also typically
include additional settlement triggers to cover the acceleration of indebtedness
and the risk of repudiation or a payment moratorium. In certain transactions,
protection may be provided on a portfolio of referenced credits or asset-backed
securities. The seller of such protection may not be required to make payment
until a specified amount of losses has occurred with respect to the portfolio
and/or may only be required to pay for losses up to a specified
amount.

238

     The Company
makes markets in and trades a range of credit derivatives, both on behalf of
clients as well as for its own account. Through these contracts, the Company
either purchases or writes protection on either a single name or a portfolio of
reference credits. The Company uses credit derivatives to help mitigate credit
risk in its Corporate and Consumer loan portfolios and other cash positions, to
take proprietary trading positions, and to facilitate client
transactions.

The range of credit derivatives sold includes credit default
swaps, total return swaps, credit options and credit-linked notes.

A
credit default swap is a contract in which, for a fee, a protection seller
agrees to reimburse a protection buyer for any losses that occur due to a credit
event on a reference entity. If there is no credit default event or settlement
trigger, as defined by the specific derivative contract, then the protection
seller makes no payments to the protection buyer and receives only the
contractually specified fee. However, if a credit event occurs as defined in the
specific derivative contract sold, the protection seller will be required to
make a payment to the protection buyer.

A
total return swap transfers the total economic performance of a reference asset,
which includes all associated cash flows, as well as capital appreciation or
depreciation. The protection buyer receives a floating rate of interest and any
depreciation on the reference asset from the protection seller and, in return,
the protection seller receives the cash flows associated with the reference
asset plus any appreciation. Thus, according to the total return swap agreement,
the protection seller will be obligated to make a payment any time the floating
interest rate payment and any depreciation of the reference asset exceed the
cash flows associated with the underlying asset. A total return swap may
terminate upon a default of the reference asset subject to the provisions of the
related total return swap agreement between the protection seller and the
protection buyer.

A
credit option is a credit derivative that allows investors to trade or hedge
changes in the credit quality of the reference asset. For example, in a credit
spread option, the option writer assumes the obligation to purchase or sell the
reference asset at a specified “strike” spread level. The option purchaser buys
the right to sell the reference asset to, or purchase it from, the option writer
at the strike spread level. The payments on credit spread options depend either
on a particular credit spread or the price of the underlying credit-sensitive
asset. The options usually terminate if the underlying assets default.

A
credit-linked note is a form of credit derivative structured as a debt security
with an embedded credit default swap. The purchaser of the note writes credit
protection to the issuer, and receives a return which will be negatively
affected by credit events on the underlying reference credit. If the reference
entity defaults, the purchaser of the credit-linked note may assume the long
position in the debt security and any future cash flows from it, but will lose
the amount paid to the issuer of the credit-linked note. Thus the maximum amount
of the exposure is the carrying amount of the credit-linked note. As of December
31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, the amount of credit-linked notes held by the
Company in trading inventory was immaterial.

     The following tables summarize the
key characteristics of the Company’s credit derivative portfolio as protection
seller as of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010:

Maximum potential

Fair

 In millions of dollars as of

amount of

value

 December 31, 2011

future
 payments

payable

(1)(2)

 By industry/counterparty

 Bank

$

929,608

$

45,920

 Broker-dealer

321,293

19,026

 Non-financial

1,048

98

 Insurance and other financial
 institutions

142,579

7,447

 Total by industry/counterparty

$

1,394,528

$

72,491

 By instrument

 Credit default swaps and
 options

$

1,393,082

$

72,358

 Total return swaps and other

1,446

133

 Total by instrument

$

1,394,528

$

72,491

 By rating

 Investment grade

$

611,447

$

16,913

 Non-investment
 grade

226,939

28,034

 Not rated

556,142

27,544

 Total by
 rating

$

1,394,528

$

72,491

 By
 maturity

 Within 1
 year

$

266,723

$

3,705

 From 1 to 5 years

947,211

46,596

 After 5 years

180,594

22,190

 Total by maturity

$

1,394,528

$

72,491

 (1)

In addition, fair value
 amounts payable under credit derivatives purchased were $12,361
 million.

 (2)

In addition, fair value
 amounts receivable under credit derivatives sold were $11,335
 million.

Maximum potential

Fair

 In millions of dollars as of

amount of

value

 December 31, 2010

future
 payments

payable

(1)(2)

 By industry/counterparty

 Bank

$

784,080

$

20,718

 Broker-dealer

312,131

10,232

 Non-financial

1,463

54

 Insurance and other financial
 institutions

125,442

4,954

 Total by industry/counterparty

$

1,223,116

$

35,958

 By instrument

 Credit default swaps and
 options

$

1,221,211

$

35,800

 Total return swaps and other

1,905

158

 Total by instrument

$

1,223,116

$

35,958

 By rating

 Investment grade

$

487,270

$

6,124

 Non-investment
 grade

218,296

11,364

 Not rated

517,550

18,470

 Total by
 rating

$

1,223,116

$

35,958

 By
 maturity

 Within 1
 year

$

162,075

$

353

 From 1 to 5 years

853,808

16,524

 After 5 years

207,233

19,081

 Total by maturity

$

1,223,116

$

35,958

 (1)

In addition, fair value
 amounts payable under credit derivatives purchased were $23,840
 million.

 (2)

In addition, fair value
 amounts receivable under credit derivatives sold were $22,638
 million.

239

     Citigroup
evaluates the payment/performance risk of the credit derivatives for which it
stands as a protection seller based on the credit rating assigned to the
underlying referenced credit. Where external ratings by nationally recognized
statistical rating organizations (such as Moody’s and S&P) are used,
investment grade ratings are considered to be Baa/BBB or above, while anything
below is considered non-investment grade. The Citigroup internal ratings are in
line with the related external credit rating system. On certain underlying
reference credits, mainly related to over-the-counter credit derivatives,
ratings are not available, and these are included in the not-rated category.
Credit derivatives written on an underlying non-investment grade reference
credit represent greater payment risk to the Company. The non-investment grade
category in the table above primarily includes credit derivatives where the
underlying referenced entity has been downgraded subsequent to the inception of
the derivative.

The
maximum potential amount of future payments under credit derivative contracts
presented in the table above is based on the notional value of the derivatives.
The Company believes that the maximum potential amount of future payments for
credit protection sold is not representative of the actual loss exposure based
on historical experience. This amount has not been reduced by the Company’s
rights to the underlying assets and the related cash flows. In accordance with
most credit derivative contracts, should a credit event (or settlement trigger)
occur, the Company is usually liable for the difference between the protection
sold and the recourse it holds in the value of the underlying assets. Thus, if
the reference entity defaults, Citi will generally have a right to collect on
the underlying reference credit and any related cash flows, while being liable
for the full notional amount of credit protection sold to the buyer.
Furthermore, this maximum potential amount of future payments for credit
protection sold has not been reduced for any cash collateral paid to a given
counterparty as such payments would be calculated after netting all derivative
exposures, including any credit derivatives with that counterparty in accordance
with a related master netting agreement. Due to such netting processes,
determining the amount of collateral that corresponds to credit derivative
exposures alone is not possible. The Company actively monitors open credit risk
exposures, and manages this exposure by using a variety of strategies including
purchased credit derivatives, cash collateral or direct holdings of the
referenced assets. This risk mitigation activity is not captured in the table
above.

Credit-Risk-Related Contingent
Features in Derivatives

Certain derivative
instruments contain provisions that require the Company to either post
additional collateral or immediately settle any outstanding liability balances
upon the occurrence of a specified credit-risk-related event. These events,
which are defined by the existing derivative contracts, are primarily downgrades
in the credit ratings of the Company and its affiliates. The fair value
(excluding CVA) of all derivative instruments with credit-risk-related
contingent features that are in a liability position at December 31, 2011 and
December 31, 2010 is $26 billion and $23 billion, respectively. The Company has
posted $21 billion and $18 billion as collateral for this exposure in the normal
course of business as of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, respectively.
Each downgrade would trigger additional collateral requirements for the Company
and its affiliates. In the event that each legal entity was downgraded a single
notch as of December 31, 2011, the Company would be required to post additional
collateral of $3.1 billion.

240

24. CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT
RISK

Concentrations of credit risk exist when
changes in economic, industry or geographic factors similarly affect groups of
counterparties whose aggregate credit exposure is material in relation to
Citigroup’s total credit exposure. Although Citigroup’s portfolio of financial
instruments is broadly diversified along industry, product, and geographic
lines, material transactions are completed with other financial institutions,
particularly in the securities trading, derivatives, and foreign exchange
businesses.

In
connection with the Company’s efforts to maintain a diversified portfolio, the
Company limits its exposure to any one geographic region, country or individual
creditor and monitors this exposure on a continuous basis. At December 31, 2011,
Citigroup’s most significant concentration of credit risk was with the U.S.
government and its agencies. The Company’s exposure, which primarily results
from trading assets and investments issued by the U.S. government and its
agencies, amounted to $177.9 billion and $176.4 billion at December 31, 2011 and
2010, respectively. The Japanese and Mexican governments and their agencies,
which are rated investment grade by both Moody’s and S&P, were the next
largest exposures. The Company’s exposure to Japan amounted to $33.2 billion and
$39.2 billion at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, and was composed of
investment securities, loans and trading assets. The Company’s exposure to
Mexico amounted to $29.5 billion and $44.2 billion at December 31, 2011 and
2010, respectively, and was composed of investment securities, loans and trading
assets.

The Company’s exposure to state and municipalities amounted to $39.5
billion and $34.7 billion at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively, and was
composed of trading assets, investment securities, derivatives and lending
activities.

25. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENT

ASC 820-10 (formerly SFAS 157) defines
fair value, establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value and
expands disclosure requirements about fair value measurements. Fair value is
defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer
a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the
measurement date. Among other things the standard requires the Company to
maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable
inputs when measuring fair value. In addition, the use of block discounts is
precluded when measuring the fair value of instruments traded in an active
market. It also requires recognition of trade-date gains related to certain
derivative transactions whose fair values have been determined using
unobservable market inputs.

Under ASC 820-10, the probability of
default of a counterparty is factored into the valuation of derivative positions
and includes the impact of Citigroup’s own credit risk on derivatives and other
liabilities measured at fair value.

Fair Value
Hierarchy

ASC 820-10, 
Fair Value Measurement

,
specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to
those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs
reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs
reflect the Company’s market assumptions. These two types of inputs have created
the following fair value hierarchy:

 Level 1: Quoted prices for 
identical 

instruments in
 active markets. 

Level 2: Quoted prices for 
similar 

instruments in
 active markets; quoted 
prices for identical or
 similar instruments in markets that are not 
active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs
 and 
significant value drivers are

observable 

in active markets.

Level 3: Valuations derived from valuation
 techniques in which one or 
more significant
 inputs or significant value drivers are 
unobservable.

This hierarchy requires the use of observable market data when available.
The Company considers relevant and observable market prices in its valuations
where possible. The frequency of transactions, the size of the bid-ask spread
and the amount of adjustment necessary when comparing similar transactions are
all factors in determining the liquidity of markets and the relevance of
observed prices in those markets.

The Company’s policy with respect to
transfers between levels of the fair value hierarchy is to recognize transfers
into and out of each level as of the end of the reporting period.

241

Determination of Fair
Value

For assets and liabilities carried
at fair value, the Company measures such value using the procedures set out
below, irrespective of whether these assets and liabilities are carried at fair
value as a result of an election or whether they were previously carried at fair
value.

When
available, the Company generally uses quoted market prices to determine fair
value and classifies such items as Level 1. In some cases where a market price
is available, the Company will make use of acceptable practical expedients (such
as matrix pricing) to calculate fair value, in which case the items are
classified as Level 2.

If quoted market prices are not available,
fair value is based upon internally developed valuation techniques that use,
where possible, current market-based or independently sourced market parameters,
such as interest rates, currency rates, option volatilities, etc. Items valued
using such internally generated valuation techniques are classified according to
the lowest level input or value driver that is significant to the valuation.
Thus, an item may be classified in Level 3 even though there may be some
significant inputs that are readily observable.

Where
available, the Company may also make use of quoted prices for recent trading
activity in positions with the same or similar characteristics to that being
valued. The frequency and size of transactions and the amount of the bid-ask
spread are among the factors considered in determining the liquidity of markets
and the relevance of observed prices from those markets. If relevant and
observable prices are available, those valuations would be classified as Level
2. If prices are not available, other valuation techniques would be used and the
item would be classified as Level 3.

Fair value estimates from internal
valuation techniques are verified, where possible, to prices obtained from
independent vendors or brokers. Vendors and brokers’ valuations may be based on
a variety of inputs ranging from observed prices to proprietary valuation
models.

The following section describes the valuation methodologies used by the
Company to measure various financial instruments at fair value, including an
indication of the level in the fair value hierarchy in which each instrument is
generally classified. Where appropriate, the description includes details of the
valuation models, the key inputs to those models and any significant
assumptions.

Securities purchased under
agreements to resell and securities sold under agreements to
repurchase

No quoted prices exist for
such instruments and so fair value is determined using a discounted cash-flow
technique. Cash flows are estimated based on the terms of the contract, taking
into account any embedded derivative or other features. Expected cash flows are
discounted using market rates appropriate to the maturity of the instrument as
well as the nature and amount of collateral taken or received. Generally, when
such instruments are held at fair value, they are classified within Level 2 of
the fair value hierarchy as the inputs used in the valuation are readily
observable.

Trading account assets and
liabilities—trading securities and trading loans

When available, the Company uses quoted market prices to
determine the fair value of trading securities; such items are classified as
Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. Examples include some government securities
and exchange-traded equity securities.

For bonds and secondary market loans
traded over the counter, the Company generally determines fair value utilizing
internal valuation techniques. Fair value estimates from internal valuation
techniques are verified, where possible, to prices obtained from independent
vendors. Vendors compile prices from various sources and may apply matrix
pricing for similar bonds or loans where no price is observable. If available,
the Company may also use quoted prices for recent trading activity of assets
with similar characteristics to the bond or loan being valued. Trading
securities and loans priced using such methods are generally classified as Level
2. However, when less liquidity exists for a security or loan, a quoted price is
stale or prices from independent sources vary, a loan or security is generally
classified as Level 3.

Where the Company’s principal market for a
portfolio of loans is the securitization market, the Company uses the
securitization price to determine the fair value of the portfolio. The
securitization price is determined from the assumed proceeds of a hypothetical
securitization in the current market, adjusted for transformation costs (i.e.,
direct costs other than transaction costs) and securitization uncertainties such
as market conditions and liquidity. As a result of the severe reduction in the
level of activity in certain securitization markets since the second half of
2007, observable securitization prices for certain directly comparable
portfolios of loans have not been readily available. Therefore, such portfolios
of loans are generally classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
However, for other loan securitization markets, such as commercial real estate
loans, pricing verification of the hypothetical securitizations has been
possible, since these markets have remained active. Accordingly, this loan
portfolio is classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.

242

Trading account assets and
liabilities—derivatives

Exchange-traded derivatives are generally fair valued using quoted market
(i.e., exchange) prices and so are classified as Level 1 of the fair value
hierarchy.

The
majority of derivatives entered into by the Company are executed over the
counter and so are valued using internal valuation techniques as no quoted
market prices exist for such instruments. The valuation techniques and inputs
depend on the type of derivative and the nature of the underlying instrument.
The principal techniques used to value these instruments are discounted cash
flows, Black-Scholes and Monte Carlo simulation. The fair values of derivative
contracts reflect cash the Company has paid or received (for example, option
premiums paid and received).

The key inputs depend upon the type of
derivative and the nature of the underlying instrument and include interest rate
yield curves, foreign-exchange rates, the spot price of the underlying
volatility and correlation. The item is placed in either Level 2 or Level 3
depending on the observability of the significant inputs to the model.
Correlation and items with longer tenors are generally less observable.

In the
fourth quarter of 2011, the Company began incorporating overnight indexed swap
(“OIS”) curves as fair value measurement inputs for the valuation of certain
collateralized interest-rate related derivatives. The OIS curves reflect the
interest rates paid on cash collateral provided against the fair value of these
derivatives. The Company believes using relevant OIS curves as inputs to
determine fair value measurements provides a more representative reflection of
the fair value of these collateralized interest-rate related derivatives.
Previously, the Company used the relevant benchmark curve for the currency of
the derivative (e.g., the London Interbank Offered Rate for U.S. dollar
derivatives) as the discount rate for these collateralized interest-rate related
derivatives. The Company recognized a pretax gain of approximately $167 million
upon the change in this fair value measurement input. For further information on
derivative instruments and hedging activities, see Note 23.

Subprime-related direct exposures in
CDOS

The valuation of high-grade and
mezzanine asset-backed security (ABS) CDO positions uses trader prices based on
the underlying assets of each high-grade and mezzanine ABS CDO. The high-grade
and mezzanine positions are now largely hedged through the ABX and bond short
positions, which are trader priced. This results in closer symmetry in the way
these long and short positions are valued by the Company. Citigroup uses trader
marks to value this portion of the portfolio and will do so as long as it
remains largely hedged.

For most of the lending and structuring direct subprime exposures, fair
value is determined utilizing observable transactions where available, other
market data for similar assets in markets that are not active and other internal
valuation techniques.

Investments

The investments category includes available-for-sale debt and
marketable equity securities, whose fair value is determined using the same
procedures described for trading securities above or, in some cases, using
vendor prices as the primary source.

Also included in investments are nonpublic
investments in private equity and real estate entities held by the S&B
business. Determining the fair value of nonpublic securities involves a
significant degree of management resources and judgment as no quoted prices
exist and such securities are generally very thinly traded. In addition, there
may be transfer restrictions on private equity securities. The Company uses an
established process for determining the fair value of such securities, using
commonly accepted valuation techniques, including the use of earnings multiples
based on comparable public securities, industry-specific non-earnings-based
multiples and discounted cash flow models. In determining the fair value of
nonpublic securities, the Company also considers events such as a proposed sale
of the investee company, initial public offerings, equity issuances or other
observable transactions. As discussed in Note 15 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, the Company uses NAV to value certain of these entities.

Private
equity securities are generally classified as Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy.

Short-term borrowings and long-term
debt

Where fair value accounting has
been elected, the fair values of non-structured liabilities are determined by
discounting expected cash flows using the appropriate discount rate for the
applicable maturity. Such instruments are generally classified as Level 2 of the
fair value hierarchy as all inputs are readily observable.

The
Company determines the fair values of structured liabilities (where performance
is linked to structured interest rates, inflation or currency risks) and hybrid
financial instruments (performance linked to risks other than interest rates,
inflation or currency risks) using the appropriate derivative valuation
methodology (described above) given the nature of the embedded risk profile.
Such instruments are classified as Level 2 or Level 3 depending on the
observability of significant inputs to the model.

243

Market valuation
adjustments

Liquidity adjustments are
applied to items in Level 2 and Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy to ensure
that the fair value reflects the price at which the entire position could be
liquidated in an orderly manner. The liquidity reserve is based on the bid-offer
spread for an instrument, adjusted to take into account the size of the position
consistent with what Citi believes a market participant would
consider.

Counterparty credit-risk adjustments are applied to derivatives, such as
over-the-counter derivatives, where the base valuation uses market parameters
based on the LIBOR interest rate curves. Not all counterparties have the same
credit risk as that implied by the relevant LIBOR curve, so it is necessary to
consider the market view of the credit risk of a counterparty in order to
estimate the fair value of such an item.

Bilateral
or “own” credit-risk adjustments are applied to reflect the Company’s own credit
risk when valuing derivatives and liabilities measured at fair value.
Counterparty and own credit adjustments consider the expected future cash flows
between Citi and its counterparties under the terms of the instrument and the
effect of credit risk on the valuation of those cash flows, rather than a
point-in-time assessment of the current recognized net asset or liability.
Furthermore, the credit-risk adjustments take into account the effect of
credit-risk mitigants, such as pledged collateral and any legal right of offset
(to the extent such offset exists) with a counterparty through arrangements such
as netting agreements.

Auction rate
securities

Auction rate securities
(ARS) are long-term municipal bonds, corporate bonds, securitizations and
preferred stocks with interest rates or dividend yields that are reset through
periodic auctions. The coupon paid in the current period is based on the rate
determined by the prior auction. In the event of an auction failure, ARS holders
receive a “fail rate” coupon, which is specified in the original issue
documentation of each ARS.

Where insufficient orders to purchase all
of the ARS issue to be sold in an auction were received, the primary dealer or
auction agent would traditionally have purchased any residual unsold inventory
(without a contractual obligation to do so). This residual inventory would then
be repaid through subsequent auctions, typically in a short time. Due to this
auction mechanism and generally liquid market, ARS have historically traded and
were valued as short-term instruments.

Citigroup acted in the capacity of primary dealer for approximately $72
billion of ARS and continued to purchase residual unsold inventory in support of
the auction mechanism until mid-February 2008. After this date, liquidity in the
ARS market deteriorated significantly, auctions failed due to a lack of bids
from third-party investors, and Citigroup ceased to purchase unsold inventory.
Following a number of ARS refinancings, at December 31, 2011, Citigroup
continued to act in the capacity of primary dealer for approximately $15 billion
of outstanding ARS.

The Company classifies its ARS as trading and
available-for-sale securities. Trading ARS include primarily securitization
positions and are classified as Asset-backed securities within Trading
securities in the table below. Available-for-sale ARS include primarily
preferred instruments (interests in closed-end mutual funds) and are classified
as Equity securities within Investments.

Prior to
the Company’s first auction failing in the first quarter of 2008, Citigroup
valued ARS based on observation of auction market prices, because the auctions
had a short maturity period (7, 28 or 35 days). This generally resulted in
valuations at par. Once the auctions failed, ARS could no longer be valued using
observation of auction market prices. Accordingly, the fair values of ARS are
currently estimated using internally developed discounted cash flow valuation
techniques specific to the nature of the assets underlying each ARS.

For ARS
with student loans as underlying assets, future cash flows are estimated based
on the terms of the loans underlying each individual ARS, discounted at an
appropriate rate in order to estimate the current fair value. The key
assumptions that impact the ARS valuations are the expected weighted average
life of the structure, estimated fail rate coupons, the amount of leverage in
each structure and the discount rate used to calculate the present value of
projected cash flows. The discount rate used for each ARS is based on rates
observed for basic securitizations with similar maturities to the loans
underlying each ARS being valued. In order to arrive at the appropriate discount
rate, these observed rates were adjusted upward to factor in the specifics of
the ARS structure being valued, such as callability, and the illiquidity in the
ARS market.

The majority of ARS continue to be classified as Level
3.

244

Alt-A mortgage
securities

The Company classifies its
Alt-A mortgage securities as held-to-maturity, available-for-sale and trading
investments. The securities classified as trading and available-for-sale are
recorded at fair value with changes in fair value reported in current earnings
and AOCI, respectively. For these purposes, Citi defines Alt-A mortgage
securities as non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS) where (1)
the underlying collateral has weighted average FICO scores between 680 and 720
or (2) for instances where FICO scores are greater than 720, RMBS have 30% or
less of the underlying collateral composed of full documentation
loans.

Similar to the
valuation methodologies used for other trading securities and trading loans, the
Company generally determines the fair values of Alt-A mortgage securities
utilizing internal valuation techniques. Fair value estimates from internal
valuation techniques are verified, where possible, to prices obtained from
independent vendors. Vendors compile prices from various sources. Where
available, the Company may also make use of quoted prices for recent trading
activity in securities with the same or similar characteristics to the security
being valued.

The internal valuation techniques used for Alt-A mortgage
securities, as with other mortgage exposures, consider estimated housing price
changes, unemployment rates, interest rates and borrower attributes. They also
consider prepayment rates as well as other market indicators.

Alt-A
mortgage securities that are valued using these methods are generally classified
as Level 2. However, Alt-A mortgage securities backed by Alt-A mortgages of
lower quality or more recent vintages are mostly classified as Level 3 due to
the reduced liquidity that exists for such positions, which reduces the
reliability of prices available from independent sources.

Commercial real estate
exposure

Citigroup reports
a number of different exposures linked to commercial real estate at fair value
with changes in fair value reported in earnings, including securities, loans and
investments in entities that hold commercial real estate loans or commercial
real estate directly. The Company also reports securities backed by commercial
real estate as available-for-sale investments, which are carried at fair value
with changes in fair value reported in AOCI.

Similar to the valuation methodologies used for other trading securities
and trading loans, the Company generally determines the fair value of securities
and loans linked to commercial real estate utilizing internal valuation
techniques. Fair value estimates from internal valuation techniques are
verified, where possible, to prices obtained from independent vendors. Vendors
compile prices from various sources. Where available, the Company may also make
use of quoted prices for recent trading activity in securities or loans with the
same or similar characteristics to that being valued. Securities and loans
linked to commercial real estate valued using these methodologies are generally
classified as Level 3 as a result of the current reduced liquidity in the market
for such exposures.

The fair value of investments in entities that hold commercial real
estate loans or commercial real estate directly is determined using a similar
methodology to that used for other non-public investments in real estate held by
the 
S&B

 business. The Company uses an established process
for determining the fair value of such securities, using commonly accepted
valuation techniques, including the use of earnings multiples based on
comparable public securities, industry-specific non-earnings-based multiples and
discounted cash flow models. In determining the fair value of such investments,
the Company also considers events, such as a proposed sale of the investee
company, initial public offerings, equity issuances, or other observable
transactions. Such investments are generally classified as Level 3 of the fair
value hierarchy.

245

Items Measured at Fair Value on a
Recurring Basis

The following
tables present for each of the fair value hierarchy levels the Company’s assets
and liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December
31, 2011 and December 31, 2010. The Company’s hedging of positions that have
been classified in the Level 3 category is not limited to other financial

instruments that have been
classified as Level 3, but also instruments classified as Level 1 or Level 2 of
the fair value hierarchy. The effects of these hedges are presented gross in the
following table.

Gross

Net

 In millions of dollars at December 31,
 2011

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

inventory

Netting 

 (1)

balance

 Assets

 Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased
 under

        agreements to
 resell

$

 —

$

188,034

$

4,701

$

192,735

$

(49,873

)

$

142,862

 Trading securities

        Trading
 mortgage-backed securities

               U.S.
 government-sponsored agency guaranteed

$

 —

$

26,674

$

861

$

27,535

$

—

$

27,535

               Prime

—

118

759

877

—

877

               Alt-A

—

444

165

609

—

609

               Subprime

—

524

465

989

—

989

               Non-U.S.
 residential

—

276

120

396

—

396

               Commercial

—

1,715

618

2,333

—

2,333

        Total trading
 mortgage-backed securities

$

 —

$

29,751

$

2,988

$

32,739

$

—

$

32,739

        U.S. Treasury and
 federal agency securities

               U.S.
 Treasury

$

15,612

$

2,615

$

—

$

18,227

$

—

$

18,227

               Agency
 obligations

—

1,169

3

1,172

—

1,172

        Total U.S. Treasury
 and federal agency securities

$

15,612

$

3,784

$

3

$

19,399

$

—

$

19,399

        State and
 municipal

$

—

$

5,112

$

252

$

5,364

$

—

$

5,364

        Foreign
 government

52,429

26,601

521

79,551

—

79,551

        Corporate

—

33,786

3,240

37,026

—

37,026

        Equity
 securities

29,707

3,279

244

33,230

—

33,230

        Asset-backed
 securities

—

1,270

5,801

7,071

—

7,071

        Other debt
 securities

—

12,818

2,209

15,027

—

15,027

 Total trading securities

$

97,748

$

116,401

$

15,258

$

229,407

$

—

$

229,407

 Trading account derivatives

               Interest
 rate contracts

$

67

$

755,473

$

1,947

$

757,487

               Foreign
 exchange contracts

—

93,536

781

94,317

               Equity
 contracts

2,240

16,376

1,619

20,235

               Commodity
 contracts

958

11,940

865

13,763

               Credit
 derivatives

—

81,123

9,301

90,424

 Total trading account
 derivatives

$

3,265

$

958,448

$

14,513

$

976,226

 Gross cash collateral paid

57,815

 Netting agreements and
 market value adjustments

$

(971,714

)

 Total trading account derivatives

$

3,265

$

958,448

$

14,513

$

1,034,041

$

(971,714

)

$

62,327

 Investments

        Mortgage-backed
 securities

               U.S.
 government-sponsored agency guaranteed

$

59

$

45,043

$

679

$

45,781

$

—

$

45,781

               Prime

—

105

8

113

—

113

               Alt-A

—

1

—

1

—

1

               Subprime

—

—

—

—

—

—

               Non-U.S.
 residential

—

4,658

—

4,658

—

4,658

               Commercial

—

472

—

472

—

472

        Total investment
 mortgage-backed securities

$

59

$

50,279

$

687

$

51,025

$

—

$

51,025

        U.S. Treasury and
 federal agency securities

               U.S.
 Treasury

$

11,642

$

38,587

$

 —

$

50,229

$

—

$

50,229

               Agency
 obligations

—

34,834

75

34,909

—

34,909

        Total
 U.S. Treasury and federal agency securities

$

11,642

$

73,421

$

75

$

85,138

$

—

$

85,138

246

Gross

Net

 In millions of dollars at December
 31, 2011

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

inventory

Netting

 (1)

balance

        State and
 municipal

$

 —

$

13,732

$

667

$

14,399

$

—

$

14,399

        Foreign
 government

33,544

50,523

447

84,514

—

84,514

        Corporate

—

9,268

989

10,257

—

10,257

        Equity
 securities

6,634

98

1,453

8,185

—

8,185

        Asset-backed
 securities

—

6,962

4,041

11,003

—

11,003

        Other debt
 securities

—

563

120

683

—

683

        Non-marketable
 equity securities

—

518

8,318

8,836

—

8,836

 Total investments

$

51,879

$

205,364

$

16,797

$

274,040

$

—

$

274,040

 Loans (2)

$

 —

$

583

$

4,682

$

5,265

$

—

$

5,265

 Mortgage servicing rights

—

—

2,569

2,569

—

2,569

 Nontrading derivatives and other financial assets
 measured

        on a
 recurring basis, gross

$

 —

$

12,151

$

2,245

$

14,396

 Gross cash collateral paid

307

 Netting agreements and
 market value adjustments

$

(3,462

)

 Nontrading derivatives and other financial assets
 measured

        on a
 recurring basis

$

 —

$

12,151

$

2,245

$

14,703

$

(3,462

)

$

11,241

 Total assets

$

152,892

$

1,480,981

$

60,765

$

1,752,760

$

(1,025,049

)

$

727,711

 Total as a percentage of gross assets
 (3)

9.0

%

87.4

%

3.6

%

100.0

%

 Liabilities

 Interest-bearing deposits

$

 —

$

895

$

431

$

1,326

$

—

$

1,326

 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or
 sold under

        agreements
 to repurchase

—

161,582

1,061

162,643

(49,873

)

112,770

 Trading account liabilities

        Securities
 sold, not yet purchased

58,456

10,941

412

69,809

69,809

        Trading
 account derivatives

               Interest
 rate contracts

37

738,833

1,221

740,091

               Foreign
 exchange contracts

—

96,549

814

97,363

               Equity
 contracts

2,822

26,961

3,356

33,139

               Commodity
 contracts

873

11,959

1,799

14,631

               Credit
 derivatives

—

77,153

7,573

84,726

 Total trading account
derivatives

$

3,732

$

951,455

$

14,763

$

969,950

 Gross cash collateral received

52,811

 Netting agreements and market value
 adjustments

$

(966,488

)

 Total trading account derivatives

$

3,732

$

951,455

$

14,763

$

1,022,761

$

(966,488

)

$

56,273

 Short-term borrowings

—

1,067

287

1,354

—

1,354

 Long-term
 debt

—

18,227

5,945

24,172

—

24,172

 Nontrading derivatives and other financial
 liabilities measured

        on a
 recurring basis, gross

$

 —

$

3,559

$

3

$

3,562

 Gross cash collateral received

$

3,642

 Netting agreements and market value
 adjustments

$

(3,462

)

 Nontrading derivatives and other financial
 liabilities measured

 on a recurring basis

$

 —

$

3,559

$

3

$

7,204

$

(3,462

)

$

3,742

 Total liabilities

$

62,188

$

1,147,726

$

22,902

$

1,289,269

$

(1,019,823

)

$

269,446

 Total as a percentage of
 gross liabilities (3)

5.0

%

93.1

%

1.9

%

100.0

%

 (1)

Represents netting of: (i)
 the amounts due under securities purchased under agreements to resell and
 the amounts owed under securities sold under agreements to repurchase and
 (ii) derivative exposures covered by a qualifying master netting
 agreement, cash collateral and the market value adjustment.

 (2)

There is no allowance for
 loan losses recorded for loans reported at fair value.

 (3)

Percentage is calculated
 based on total assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a
 recurring basis, excluding collateral paid/received on
 derivatives.

247

Gross

Net

 In millions of dollars at December
 31, 2010

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

inventory

Netting 

 (1)

balance

 Assets

 Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or
 purchased under

        agreements
 to resell

$ 

—

$

131,831

$

4,911

$

136,742

$

(49,230

)

$

87,512

 Trading securities

        Trading
 mortgage-backed securities

               U.S.
 government-sponsored agency guaranteed

—

26,296

831

27,127

—

27,127

               Prime

—

920

594

1,514

—

1,514

               Alt-A

—

1,117

385

1,502

—

1,502

               Subprime

—

911

1,125

2,036

—

2,036

               Non-U.S.
 residential

—

828

224

1,052

—

1,052

               Commercial

—

1,340

418

1,758

—

1,758

        Total
 trading mortgage-backed securities

$

 —

$

31,412

$

3,577

$

34,989

$

 —

$

34,989

        U.S.
 Treasury and federal agency securities

               U.S.
 Treasury

$

18,449

$

1,719

$

—

$

20,168

$

 —

$

20,168

               Agency
 obligations

6

3,340

72

3,418

—

3,418

        Total U.S.
 Treasury and federal agency securities

$

18,455

$

5,059

$

72

$

23,586

$

 —

$

23,586

        State and
 municipal

$

 —

$

7,285

$

208

$

7,493

$ 

—

$

7,493

        Foreign
 government

64,096

23,649

566

88,311

—

88,311

        Corporate

—

46,263

5,004

51,267

—

51,267

        Equity
 securities

33,509

3,151

776

37,436

—

37,436

        Asset-backed
 securities

—

1,141

7,620

8,761

—

8,761

        Other debt
 securities

—

13,911

1,305

15,216

—

15,216

 Total trading securities

$

116,060

$

131,871

$

19,128

$

267,059

$

 —

$

267,059

 Trading account derivatives

               Interest
 rate contracts

$

509

$

473,579

$

2,584

$

476,672

               Foreign
 exchange contracts

11

83,465

1,025

84,501

               Equity
 contracts

2,581

11,807

1,758

16,146

               Commodity
 contracts

590

10,973

1,045

12,608

               Credit
 derivatives

—

51,819

13,222

65,041

 Total trading account
derivatives

$

3,691

$

631,643

$

19,634

$

654,968

 Gross cash collateral paid

50,302

 Netting agreements and
 market value adjustments

$

(655,057

)

 Total trading account derivatives

$

3,691

$

631,643

$

19,634

$

705,270

$

(655,057

)

$

50,213

 Investments

        Mortgage-backed
 securities

               U.S.
 government-sponsored agency guaranteed

$

70

$

23,531

$

22

$

23,623

$

 —

$

23,623

               Prime

—

1,660

166

1,826

—

1,826

               Alt-A

—

47

1

48

—

48

               Subprime

—

119

—

119

—

119

               Non-U.S.
 residential

—

316

—

316

—

316

               Commercial

—

47

527

574

—

574

        Total
 investment mortgage-backed securities

$

70

$

25,720

$

716

$

26,506

$

 —

$

26,506

        U.S.
 Treasury and federal agency securities

               U.S.
 Treasury

$

14,031

$

44,417

$

—

$

58,448

$ 

—

$

58,448

               Agency
 obligations

—

43,597

17

43,614

—

43,614

        Total U.S.
 Treasury and federal agency

$

14,031

$

88,014

$

17

$

102,062

$ 

—

$

102,062

        State and
 municipal

$

—

$

12,731

$

504

$

13,235

$

 —

$

13,235

        Foreign
 government

51,419

47,902

358

99,679

—

99,679

        Corporate

—

15,152

525

15,677

—

15,677

        Equity
 securities

3,721

184

2,055

5,960

—

5,960

        Asset-backed
 securities

—

3,624

5,424

9,048

—

9,048

        Other debt
 securities

—

1,185

727

1,912

—

1,912

        Non-marketable
 equity securities

—

135

6,960

7,095

—

7,095

 Total
 investments

$

69,241

$

194,647

$

17,286

$

281,174

$

 —

$

281,174

248

Gross

Net

 In millions of dollars at December
 31, 2010

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

inventory

Netting 

 (1)

balance

 Loans (2)

$

 —

$

1,159

$

3,213

$

4,372

$ 

—

$

4,372

 Mortgage servicing
 rights

—

—

4,554

4,554

—

4,554

 Nontrading derivatives and other financial assets
 measured

        on a recurring basis,
 gross

$

 —

$

19,425

$

2,509

$

21,934

 Gross cash collateral paid

$

211

 Netting
 agreements and market value adjustments

$

(2,615

)

 Nontrading
 derivatives and other financial assets measured

        on a recurring
 basis

$

 —

$

19,425

$

2,509

$

22,145

$

(2,615

)

$

19,530

 Total assets

$

188,992

$

1,110,576

$

71,235

$

1,421,316

$

(706,902

)

$

714,414

 Total as a
 percentage of gross assets (3)

13.8

%

81.0

%

5.2

%

100

%

 Liabilities

 Interest-bearing
 deposits

$

 —

$

988

$

277

$

1,265

$ 

—

$

1,265

 Federal funds purchased and
 securities loaned or sold under

        agreements to
 repurchase

—

169,162

1,261

170,423

(49,230

)

121,193

 Trading account
 liabilities

        Securities sold, not yet
 purchased

$

59,968

$

9,169

$

187

$

69,324

$

 —

$

69,324

        Trading account
 derivatives

               Interest
 rate contracts

489

472,936

3,314

476,739

               Foreign
 exchange contracts

2

87,411

861

88,274

               Equity
 contracts

2,551

27,486

3,397

33,434

               Commodity
 contracts

482

10,968

2,068

13,518

               Credit
 derivatives

—

48,535

10,926

59,461

 Total trading
 account derivatives

$

3,524

$

647,336

$

20,566

$

671,426

 Gross cash collateral
 received

38,319

 Netting
 agreements and market value adjustments

$

(650,015

)

 Total trading account
 derivatives

$

3,524

$

647,336

$

20,566

$

709,745

$

(650,015

)

$

59,730

 Short-term
 borrowings

—

1,627

802

2,429

—

2,429

 Long-term
 debt

—

17,612

8,385

25,997

—

25,997

 Nontrading
 derivatives and other financial liabilities measured

        on a recurring basis,
 gross

$

 —

$

9,266

$

19

$

9,285

 Gross cash collateral
 received

$

3,040

 Netting
 agreements and market value adjustments

$

(2,615

)

 Nontrading derivatives and
 other financial liabilities measured

        on a recurring
 basis

$

 —

$

9,266

$

19

$

12,325

$

(2,615

)

$

9,710

 Total
 liabilities

$

63,492

$

855,160

$

31,497

$

991,508

$

(701,860

)

$

289,648

 Total as a
 percentage of gross liabilities (3)

6.7

%

90.0

%

3.3

%

100

%

 (1)

Represents netting of: (i)
 the amounts due under securities purchased under agreements to resell and
 the amounts owed under securities sold under agreements to repurchase and
 (ii) derivative exposures covered by a qualifying master netting
 agreement, cash collateral and the market value adjustment.

 (2)

There is no allowance for
 loan losses recorded for loans reported at fair value.

 (3)

Percentage is calculated
 based on total assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a
 recurring basis, excluding collateral paid/received on
 derivatives.

249

Changes in Level 3 Fair Value
Category

The following tables present the
changes in the Level 3 fair value category for the twelve months ended December
31, 2011 and December 31, 2010. The Company classifies financial instruments in
Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy when there is reliance on at least one
significant unobservable input to the valuation model. In addition to these
unobservable inputs, the valuation models for Level 3 financial instruments
typically also rely on a number of inputs that are readily observable either
directly or indirectly. Thus, the gains and losses presented below include
changes in the fair value related to both observable and unobservable inputs.

     The Company often
hedges positions with offsetting positions that are classified in a different
level. For example, the gains and losses for assets and liabilities in the Level
3 category presented in the tables below do not reflect the effect of offsetting
losses and gains on hedging instruments that have been classified by the Company
in the Level 1 and Level 2 categories. In addition, the Company hedges items
classified in the Level 3 category with instruments also classified in Level 3
of the fair value hierarchy. The effects of these hedges are presented gross in
the following tables.

Net
 realized/unrealized

Transfers

Unrealized

gains (losses) included
 in

in
 and/or

gains

Dec. 31,

Principal

out
 of

Dec. 31,

(losses)

 In millions of
dollars

2010

transactions

Other

 (1)(2)

Level 3

Purchases 

Issuances

Sales 

Settlements

2011

still held 

 (3)

 Assets

 Fed funds
 sold and securities 

        borrowed or purchased
 under 

       agreements to
 resell

$

4,911

 $

90

          $

 —

      $

(300

)

      $

—

   $

 —

 $

—

         $

—

$

4,701

      $

89

 Trading securities

        Trading
 mortgage-backed

              securities

               U.S.
 government-sponsored

                      agency
 guaranteed

$

831

$

(62

)

$

 —

$

169

$

677

$

73

$

(686

)

$

(141

)

 $

861

$

(100

)

               Prime

594

125

—

59

1,608

—

(1,608

)

(19

)

759

48

               Alt-A

385

19

—

(8

)

1,638

—

(1,849

)

(20

)

165

2

               Subprime

1,125

(2

)

—

(148

)

550

—

(1,021

)

(39

)

465

103

               Non-U.S.
 residential

224

6

—

(41

)

354

—

(423

)

—

120

(35

)

               Commercial

418

33

—

345

418

—

(570

)

(26

)

618

(57

)

        Total trading
 mortgage-

              backed
 securities

$

3,577

$

119

$

 —

$

376

$

5,245

$

73

$

(6,157

)

$

(245

) 

$

2,988

$

(39

)

        U.S. Treasury and
 federal

              agency
 securities

               U.S.
 Treasury

$

—

$

—

$

 —

$

—

$

—

$

 —

$

 —

$

 —

$

—

$

—

               Agency
 obligations

72

9

—

(45

)

8

—

(41

)

—

3

—

        Total U.S. Treasury
 and federal

               agency
 securities

$

72

$

9

$

—

$

(45

)

$

8

$

 —

$

(41

)

$

 —

$

3

$

—

        State and
 municipal

$

208

$

67

$

 —

$

102

$

1,128

$

 —

$

(1,243

)

$

(10

)

$

252

$

(35

)

        Foreign
 government

566

(33

)

—

(243

)

1,556

—

(797

)

(528

)

521

(22

)

        Corporate

5,004

(60

)

—

1,452

3,272

—

(3,864

)

(2,564

)

3,240

(680

)

        Equity
 securities

776

(202

)

—

(145

)

191

—

(376

)

—

244

(143

)

        Asset-backed
 securities

7,620

128

—

606

5,198

—

(6,069

)

(1,682

)

5,801

(779

)

        Other debt
 securities

1,305

(170

)

—

185

1,573

—

(680

)

(4

)

2,209

68

 Total trading
 securities

$

19,128

$

(142

)

$

 —

$

2,288

$

18,171

$

73

$

(19,227

)

$

(5,033

)

$

15,258

$

(1,630

)

 Derivatives, net 
(4)

        Interest
 rate contracts

$

(730

)

$

(242

)

$

 —

$

1,549

$

111

$

 —

$

(21

)

$

59

$

726

$

52

        Foreign
 exchange contracts

164

31

—

(83

)

11

—

(3

)

(153

)

(33

)

(100

)

        Equity
 contracts

(1,639

)

471

—

(28

)

362

—

(242

)

(661

)

(1,737

)

(1,139

)

        Commodity
 contracts

(1,023

)

426

—

(83

)

2

—

(104

)

(152

)

(934

)

(48

)

        Credit
 derivatives

2,296

520

—

183

8

—

(1

)

(1,278

)

1,728

1,615

 Total derivatives, net

(4)

$

(932

)

$

1,206

$

 —

$

1,538

$

494

$

 —

$

(371

)

$

(2,185

)

 $

(250

)

$

380

 Investments

        Mortgage-backed
 securities

               U.S.
 government-sponsored

                      agency
 guaranteed

$

22

$

—

$

(22

)

$

416

$

270

$

 —

$

(7

)

$

 —

$

679

$

(38

)

               Prime

166

—

(1

)

(109

)

7

—

(54

)

(1

)

8

—

               Alt-A

1

—

(1

)

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

               Subprime

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

               Commercial

527

—

(4

)

(513

)

42

—

(52

)

—

—

—

        Total
 investment

              mortgage-backed

               debt
 securities

$

716

$

—

$

(28

)

$

(206

)

$

319

$

 —

$

(113

)

$

(1

)

 $

687

$

(38

)

        U.S. Treasury and
 federal

              agency
 securities

$

17

$

—

$

 —

$

60

$

—

$

 —

$

(2

)

$

—

$

75

$

—

        State and
 municipal

504

—

(10

)

(59

)

324

—

(92

)

—

667

(20

)

        Foreign
 government

$

358

$

—

$

13

$

(21

)

$

352

$

 —

$

(67

)

$

(188

)

 $

447

$

6

        Corporate

525

—

(106

)

199

732

—

(56

)

(305

)

989

6

        Equity
 securities

2,055

—

(38

)

(31

)

—

—

(84

)

(449

)

1,453

—

        Asset-backed
 securities

5,424

—

43

55

106

—

(460

)

(1,127

)

4,041

5

        Other debt
 securities

727

—

26

121

35

—

(289

)

(500

)

120

(2

)

        Non-marketable equity
 securities

6,960

—

862

(886

)

4,881

—

(1,838

)

(1,661

)

8,318

580

 Total
 investments

$

17,286

$

—

$

762

$

(768

)

$

6,749

$

 —

$

(3,001

)

$

(4,231 

)

$

16,797

$

537

250

Net
 realized/unrealized

Transfers

Unrealized

gains (losses) included
 in

in
 and/or

gains

Dec. 31,

Principal

out
 of

Dec. 31,

(losses)

 In millions of
dollars

2010

    transactions

Other

 (1)(2)

Level 3

Purchases 

  Issuances

Sales 

Settlements

2011

still held 

 (3)

 Loans

$

3,213

       $

—

 $

(309

)

        $

425

 $

250

         $

2,002

$

(85

)

$

(814

)

$

4,682

      $

(265

)

 Mortgage
 servicing rights

4,554

—

(1,465

)

—

—

408

(212

)

(716

)

2,569

(1,465

)

 Other financial assets measured

    on a recurring
 basis

2,509

—

109

(90

)

57

553

(172

)

(721

)

2,245

112

 Liabilities

 Interest-bearing deposits

$

277

$

—

$

86

$

(72

)

$

—

$

325

$

—

$

(13

) 

$

431

$

(76

)

 Federal funds
 purchased and

 securities loaned or sold

 under agreements to repurchase

1,261

(22

)

—

45

—

—

(117

)

(150

)

1,061

(64

)

 Trading account liabilities

    Securities sold, not yet
 purchased

187

48

—

438

—

—

413

(578

)

412

42

 Short-term borrowings

802

190

—

(432

)

—

551

—

(444

)

287

39

 Long-term
 debt

8,385

181

266

(937

)

—

1,084

—

(2,140

)

5,945

(225

)

 Other financial liabilities measured

    on a recurring
 basis

19

—

(19

)

7

1

13

(1

)

(55

)

3

(3

)

Net
 realized/unrealized

Transfers

Purchases,

Unrealized

gains (losses) included in

in and/or

issuances

gains

December 31,

Principal

out of

and

December 31,

(losses)

 In millions of dollars

2009

transactions

Other

 (1)(2)

Level 3

settlements

2010

still held

 (3)

 Assets

 Fed funds sold and securities
 borrowed or

        purchased under
 agreements to resell (5)

       $

1,127

     $

100

$ —

 $

3,019

 $

665

          $

4,911

 $

374

 Trading
 securities

        Trading mortgage-backed
 securities

               U.S.
 government-sponsored agency guaranteed

972

(108

)

—

170

(203

)

831

(48

)

               Prime

384

77

—

255

(122

)

594

27

               Alt-A

387

54

—

259

(315

)

385

(51

)

               Subprime

8,998

321

—

(699

)

(7,495

)

1,125

94

               Non-U.S.
 residential

572

47

—

528

(923

)

224

39

               Commercial

2,451

64

—

(308

)

(1,789

)

418

55

        Total trading
 mortgage-backed securities

$

13,764

$

455

$ —

$

205

$

(10,847

)

$

3,577

$

116

        U.S. Treasury and federal
 agency securities

               U.S.
 Treasury

$

—

$

—

$ —

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

               Agency
 obligations

—

(3

)

—

63

12

72

(24

)

        Total U.S. Treasury and
 federal

               agency
 securities

$

—

$

(3

)

$ —

$

63

$

12

$

72

$

(24

)

        State and
 municipal

$

222

$

53

$ —

$

297

$

(364

)

$

208

$

7

        Foreign
 government

459

20

—

(68

)

155

566

(10

)

        Corporate

7,801

140

—

(818

)

(2,119

)

5,004

305

        Equity
 securities

640

77

—

312

(253

)

776

416

        Asset-backed
 securities

3,825

89

—

4,988

(1,282

)

7,620

(5

)

        Other debt
 securities

13,231

48

—

90

(12,064

)

1,305

8

 Total trading securities

$

39,942

$

879

$
 —

$

5,069

$

(26,762

)

$

19,128

$

813

 Derivatives,
 net (4)

               Interest
 rate contracts

$

(374

)

$

513

$ —

$

467

$

(1,336

)

$

(730

)

$

20

               Foreign
 exchange contracts

(38

)

203

—

(43

)

42

164

(314

)

               Equity
 contracts

(1,110

)

(498

)

—

(331

)

300

(1,639

)

(589

)

               Commodity
 and other contracts

(529

)

(299

)

—

(95

)

(100

)

(1,023

)

(486

)

               Credit
 derivatives

5,159

(1,405

)

—

(635

)

(823

)

2,296

(867

)

 Total derivatives, net (4)

$

3,108

$

(1,486

)

$ —

$

(637

)

$

(1,917

)

$

(932

)

$

(2,236

)

251

Net
 realized/unrealized

Transfers

Purchases,

Unrealized

gains (losses) included
 in

in
 and/or

issuances

gains

December
 31,

Principal

out
 of

and

December
 31,

(losses)

 In millions of
dollars

2009

transactions

Other

 (1)(2)

Level 3

settlements

2010

still held

 (3)

 Investments

        Mortgage-backed
 securities

 U.S. government-sponsored agency guaranteed

$

2

$

—

$

(1

)

$

21

$

—

$

22

$

—

 Prime

736

—

(35

)

(493

)

(42

)

166

—

 Alt-A

55

—

12

24

(90

)

1

—

 Subprime

1

—

(2

)

1

—

—

—

 Commercial

746

—

(443

)

3

221

527

—

        Total investment
 mortgage-backed

 debt securities

$

1,540

$

—

$

(469

)

$

(444

)

$

89

$

716

$

—

        U.S. Treasury and federal
 agency securities

$

21

$

—

$

(21

)

$

—

$

17

$

17

$

(1

)

        State and
 municipal

217

—

—

481

(194

)

504

(75

)

        Foreign
 government

270

—

9

15

64

358

1

        Corporate

674

—

32

(49

)

(132

)

525

(32

)

        Equity
securities

2,513

—

65

(1

)

(522

)

2,055

(77

)

        Asset-backed
 securities

8,272

—

(123

)

(111

)

(2,614

)

5,424

(15

)

        Other debt
 securities

560

—

(13

)

(13

)

193

727

25

        Non-marketable equity
 securities

7,336

—

662

18

(1,056

)

6,960

512

 Total investments

$

21,403

$

—

$

142

$

(104

)

$

(4,155

)

$

17,286

$

338

 Loans

$

213

$

—

$

(158

)

$

1,217

$

1,941

$

3,213

$

(332

)

 Mortgage servicing rights

6,530

—

(1,146

)

—

(830

)

4,554

(1,146

)

 Other
 financial assets measured on a

        recurring basis

1,101

—

(87

)

2,022

(527

)

2,509

(87

)

 Liabilities

 Interest-bearing deposits

$

28

$

—

$

11

$

(41

)

$

301

$

277

$

(71

)

 Federal funds purchased and securities

        loaned or sold under
 agreements to

        repurchase

929

(28

)

—

174

130

1,261

(104

)

 Trading
 account liabilities

        Securities sold, not yet purchased

774

(39

)

—

(47

)

(579

)

187

(153

)

 Short-term
 borrowings

231

(6

)

—

614

(49

)

802

(78

)

 Long-term debt

9,654

125

201

389

(1,332

)

8,385

(225

)

 Other
 financial liabilities measured on a

        recurring basis

13

—

(52

)

—

(46

)

19

(20

)

 (1)     

Changes in fair value for available-for-sale
 investments (debt securities) are recorded in 
Accumulated other comprehensive income
 (loss)

, while gains and losses
 from sales are recorded in 
Realized
 gains (losses) from sales of investments 

on the Consolidated Statement of Income.

 (2)

Unrealized gains (losses) on MSRs are recorded in

Other revenue 

on the Consolidated Statement of
 Income.

 (3)

Represents the amount of total gains or losses for
 the period, included in earnings (and 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

for changes in fair value for available-for-sale
 investments), attributable to the change in fair value relating to assets
 and liabilities classified as Level 3 that are still held at December 31,
 2011 and 2010.

 (4)

Total Level 3 derivative assets and liabilities
 have been netted in these tables for presentation purposes
 only.

 (5)

Reflects the reclassification of $1,127 million of
 structured reverse repos from 
Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under
 agreements to repurchase to Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or
 purchased under agreements to resell

. These structured reverse repos assets were incorrectly classified
 in 2009, but were correctly classified on Citi’s Consolidated Balance
 Sheet for all periods.

     The significant
changes from December 31, 2010 to December 31, 2011 in Level 3 assets and
liabilities were due to:

 A net decrease in trading securities of $3.9
 billion that included: 

–  The reclassification of
$4.3 billion of securities from 
Investments

 held-to-maturity to

Trading account assets

. These reclassifications have been included in purchases in
the Level 3 roll-forward table above. The Level 3 assets reclassified, and
subsequently sold, 

included $2.8 billion of trading
mortgage-backed securities (of which $1.5 billion were Alt-A, $1.0 billion were
prime, $0.2 billion were subprime and $0.1 billion were commercial), $0.9
billion of state and municipal debt securities, $0.3 billion of corporate debt
securities and $0.2 billion of asset-backed securities. 

–  Purchases of corporate
debt trading securities of $3.0 billion and sales of $3.6 billion, reflecting
strong trading activity. 

252

–  Purchases of
asset-backed securities of $5.0 billion and sales of $5.9 billion, reflecting
trading in CLO and CDO positions.

–  Transfers of $2.3
billion from Level 2 to Level 3, consisting mainly of transfers of corporate
debt securities of $1.5 billion due primarily to less price transparency for
these securities.

–  Settlements of $5.0
billion, which included $1.2 billion related to the scheduled termination of a
structured transaction, with a corresponding decrease in 
Long-term debt

, and $1 billion of redemptions of auction rate
securities.

 A net increase in interest rate
 contracts of $1.5 billion, including transfers 
of $1.5 billion from Level 2 to Level 3.

A net decrease in credit derivatives
 of $0.6 billion. The net decrease was comprised of gains of 
$0.5 billion recorded in Principal
 transactions, relating mainly to total return swaps referencing returns on
 corporate loans, offset by losses on the referenced loans which are classified
 as Level 2. Settlements of $1.3 billion related primarily to the settlement of
 certain contracts under which the Company had purchased credit
 protection

on commercial
 mortgage-backed securities from a single counterparty.

A net decrease in Level 3

Investments 

of $0.5 billion. There was a net 
increase in non-marketable equity securities of
 $1.4 billion. Purchases of 
non-marketable equity securities of $4.9 billion included Citi’s
 acquisition 
of the share capital of
 Maltby Acquisitions Limited, the holding company 
that controls EMI Group Ltd. Purchases also
 included subscriptions in 
Citi-advised private equity and hedge funds. Sales of $1.8 billion
 and 
settlements of $1.7 billion
 related primarily to sales and redemptions by 
the Company of investments in private equity and
 hedge funds.

A net increase in 
Loans 

of $1.5 billion, including transfers from Level 2 
to Level 3 of $0.4 billion, due to a lack of
 observable prices. Issuances of $2.0 billion included new margin loans
 advanced by the Company.

A net decrease in 
Mortgage servicing rights 

of $2.0 billion, due to a 
reduction in interest rates.

A net decrease in Level 3

Long-term debt 

of $2.4 billion, which included 
settlements of $2.1 billion, $1.2 billion of
 which related to the scheduled 
termination of a structured transaction, with a corresponding decrease
 in 
corporate debt trading
 securities. 

     The
significant changes from December 31, 2009 to December 31, 2010 in Level 3
assets and liabilities are due to:

 An increase in 
Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or
 purchased

under agreements
 to resell 

of $3.8 billion,
 driven primarily by transfers of 
certain collateralized long-dated callable reverse repos (structured
 reverse 
repos) of $3.0 billion from
 Level 2 to Level 3. The Company has noted that 
there is more transparency and observability for
 repo curves (used in the 
determination of the fair value of structured reverse repos) with a
 tenor of five 
years or less; thus,
 structured reverse repos that are expected to mature beyond 
the five-year point are generally classified as
 Level 3. The primary factor driving 

the change in expected maturities in
structured reverse repo transactions is the embedded call option feature that
enables the investor (the Company) to elect to terminate the trade early. During
2010, the decrease in interest rates caused the estimated maturity dates of
certain structured reverse repos to lengthen to more than five years, resulting
in the transfer from Level 2 to Level 3. 

 A net decrease in trading securities
 of $20.8 billion that was driven by:

–  A net decrease of $10.2
billion in trading mortgage-backed securities, driven mainly by liquidations of
subprime securities of $7.5 billion and commercial mortgage-backed securities of
$1.8 billion; 

–  A net increase of $3.8
billion in asset-backed securities, including transfers to Level 3 of $5.0
billion. Substantially all of these Level 3 transfers related to the
reclassification of certain securities to trading securities under the fair
value option upon adoption of ASU 2010-11 on July 1, 2010, as described in Note
1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
(for purposes of the Level 3 roll-forward table above, Level 3
investments that were reclassified to trading upon adoption of ASU 2010-11 have
been classified as transfers to Level 3 trading securities); and

–  A decrease of $11.9
billion in Other debt securities, due primarily to the impact of the
consolidation of the credit card securitization trusts by the Company upon
adoption of SFAS 166/167 on January 1, 2010. Upon consolidation of the trusts,
the Company recorded the underlying credit card receivables on its Consolidated
Balance Sheet as 
Loans

 accounted for at
amortized cost. At January 1, 2010, the Company’s investments in the trusts and
other inter-company balances were eliminated. At January 1, 2010, the Company’s
investment in these newly consolidated VIEs, which is eliminated for accounting
purposes, included certificates issued by these trusts of $11.1 billion that
were classified as Level 3 at December 31, 2009. The impact of the elimination
of these certificates has been reflected as net settlements in the Level 3
roll-forward table above. 

 A net decrease in Derivatives
 of $4.0 billion, including net trading losses of

$1.5 billion, net settlements of $1.9 billion
 and net transfers out of Level 3 
to
 Level 2 of $0.6 billion.

A net decrease in Level 3

Investments 

of $4.1 billion, including net sales

of asset-backed securities of $2.6 billion
 and sales of non-marketable 
equity
 securities of $1.1 billion.

A net increase in 
Loans 

of $3 billion, due largely to the Company’s 
consolidation of certain VIEs upon the adoption
 of SFAS 167 on 
January 1, 2010, for
 which the fair value option was elected. The impact 
from consolidation of these VIEs on Level 3
 loans has been reflected as 
purchases in the Level 3 roll-forward above.

A decrease in 
Mortgage servicing rights 

of $2 billion due primarily 
to losses of $1.1 billion, resulting from a
 reduction in interest rates.

A decrease in 
Long-term debt 

of $1.3 billion, driven mainly by $1.3

billion of net terminations of structured
 notes. 

253

Transfers between Level 1 and
Level 2 of the FairValue Hierarchy

The
Company did not have any significant transfers of assets or liabilities between
Levels 1 and 2 of the fair value hierarchy during the twelve months ended
December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010.

Items Measured at Fair Value on a
Nonrecurring Basis

Certain assets and
liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and therefore are
not included in the tables above. These include assets measured at cost that have been written
down to fair value during the periods as a result of an impairment. In addition,
these assets include loans held-for-sale and other real estate owned that are
measured at the lower of cost or market (LOCOM).

The
following table presents the carrying amounts of all assets that were still held
as of December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, and for which a nonrecurring fair
value measurement was recorded during the twelve months then ended: 

 In millions of dollars

Fair value

Level 2

Level 3

 December 31, 2011

 Loans held-for-sale

$

2,644

$

1,668

$

976

 Other real
 estate owned

271

88

183

 Loans (1)

3,911

3,185

726

 Total assets at fair value on a

        nonrecurring
 basis

$

6,826

$

4,941

$

1,885

 (1)     

Represents loans
 held for investment whose carrying amount is based on the fair value of
 the underlying collateral, including primarily real-estate secured
 loans.

 In millions of dollars

Fair value

Level 2

Level 3

 December 31, 2010

(1)

$

3,083

$

859

$

2,224

 (1)     

Excludes loans held for
 investment whose carrying amount is based on the fair value of underlying
 collateral.

The fair value of loans-held-for-sale is determined where possible using
quoted secondary-market prices. If no such quoted price exists, the fair value
of a loan is determined using quoted prices for a similar asset or assets,
adjusted for the specific attributes of that loan. Fair value for the other real
estate owned is based on appraisals. For loans whose carrying amount is based on
the fair value of the underlying collateral, the fair values depend on the type
of collateral. Fair value of the collateral is typically estimated based on
quoted market prices if available, appraisals or other internal valuation
techniques.

Nonrecurring Fair Value
Changes

The following table presents total
nonrecurring fair value measurements for the period, included in earnings,
attributable to the change in fair value relating to assets that are still held
at December 31, 2011 and 2010.

 In millions of dollars

December 31,
 2011

 Loans
 held-for-sale

$

(201

)

 Other real estate
owned

(71

)

 Loans (1)

(973

)

 Total nonrecurring fair value
 gains/losses

$

(1,245

)

 (1)     

Represents loans
 held for investment whose carrying amount is based on the fair value of
 the underlying collateral, including primarily real-estate
 loans.

 In millions of dollars

December 31, 2010

 Total nonrecurring fair
 value gains/losses 

(1)

$(51

)

 (1)     

Excludes loans
 held for investment whose carrying amount is based on the fair value of
 underlying collateral.

254

26. FAIR VALUE ELECTIONS

The Company may elect to report most
financial instruments and certain other items at fair value on an
instrument-by-instrument basis with changes in fair value reported in earnings.
The election is made upon the acquisition of an eligible financial asset,
financial liability or firm commitment or when certain specified reconsideration
events occur. The fair value election may not be revoked once an election is
made. The changes in fair value are 

recorded in current earnings. Additional
discussion regarding the applicable areas in which fair value elections were
made is presented in Note 25 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

All servicing rights
must now be recognized initially at fair value. The Company has elected fair
value accounting for its mortgage servicing rights. See Notes 1 and 22 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussions regarding the
accounting and reporting of MSRs.

     The following table presents, as of
December 31, 2011 and 2010, the fair value of those positions selected for fair
value accounting, as well as the changes in fair value gains and losses for the
years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010:

Fair value
 at

Changes
 in fair value gains(losses) for the years
ended December
 31,

December 31,

December
 31,

 In millions of
dollars

2011

2010

2011

2010

 Assets

 Federal funds
 sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements to
 resell

        Selected portfolios of
 securities purchased under agreements to
 resell       and securities borrowed

(1)

$

142,862

$

87,512

$

(138

)

$

56

 Trading account assets

14,179

14,289

(1,775

)

611

 Investments

526

646

233

98

 Loans

        Certain Corporate loans
 (2)

3,939

2,627

82

(214

)

        Certain Consumer loans
 (2)

1,326

1,745

(281

)

193

 Total loans

$

5,265

$

4,372

$

(199

)

$

(21

)

 Other assets

        MSRs

$

2,569

$

4,554

$

(1,465

)

$

(1,146

)

        Certain mortgage loans
 (HFS)

6,213

7,230

172

9

 Certain equity method investments

47

229

(17

)

(37

)

 Total other assets

$

8,829

$

12,013

$

(1,310

)

$

(1,174

)

 Total assets

$

171,661

$

118,832

$

(3,189

)

$

(430

)

 Liabilities

 Interest-bearing
 deposits

$

1,326

$

1,265

$

121

$

8

 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under
 agreements to repurchase

        Selected portfolios of
 securities sold under agreements to
 repurchase       and securities loaned

(1)

112,770

121,193

(108

)

149

 Trading account
 liabilities

1,763

3,953

872

(481

)

 Short-term borrowings

1,354

2,429

370

(13

)

 Long-term debt

24,172

25,997

2,559

(215

)

 Total

$

141,385

$

154,837

$

3,814

$

(552

)

 (1)     

Reflects netting
 of the amounts due from securities purchased under agreements to resell
 and the amounts owed under securities sold under agreements to
 repurchase.

 (2)

Includes mortgage
 loans held by mortgage loan securitization VIEs consolidated upon the
 adoption of SFAS 167 on January 1, 2010.

255

Own Debt Valuation
Adjustment

Own debt valuation adjustments
are recognized on Citi’s debt liabilities for which the fair value option has
been elected using Citi’s credit spreads observed in the bond market. The fair
value of debt liabilities for which the fair value option is elected (other than
non-recourse and similar liabilities) is impacted by the narrowing or widening
of the Company’s credit spreads. The estimated change in the fair value of these
debt liabilities due to such changes in the Company’s own credit risk (or
instrument-specific credit risk) was a gain of $1,774 million and a loss of $589
million for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. Changes in
fair value resulting from changes in instrument-specific credit risk were
estimated by incorporating the Company’s current credit spreads observable in
the bond market into the relevant valuation technique used to value each
liability as described above.

The Fair Value Option for
Financial Assets andFinancial Liabilities

Selected portfolios of securities
purchased under agreements to resell, securities borrowed, securities sold under
agreements to repurchase, securities loaned and certain non-collateralized
short-term borrowings

The Company
elected the fair value option for certain portfolios of fixed-income securities
purchased under agreements to resell and fixed-income securities sold under
agreements to repurchase, securities borrowed, securities loaned (and certain
non-collateralized short-term borrowings) on broker-dealer entities in the
United States, United Kingdom and Japan. In each case, the election was made
because the related interest-rate risk is managed on a portfolio basis,
primarily with derivative instruments that are accounted for at fair value
through earnings. 

Changes in fair value for transactions in these portfolios are recorded
in 
Principal transactions

. The related interest revenue and interest expense are
measured based on the contractual rates specified in the transactions and are
reported as interest revenue and expense in the Consolidated Statement of
Income.

Selected letters of credit and
revolving loans hedged by credit default swaps or participation
notes

The Company has elected the fair
value option for certain letters of credit that are hedged with derivative
instruments or participation notes. Citigroup elected the fair value option for
these transactions because the risk is managed on a fair value basis and
mitigates accounting mismatches. 

The notional amount of these unfunded
letters of credit was $0.6 billion as of December 31, 2011 and $1.1 billion as
of December 31, 2010. The amount funded was insignificant with no amounts 90
days or more past due or on non-accrual status at December 31, 2011 and
2010. 

These items have been classified in 
Trading account assets 

or

Trading account liabilities 

on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Changes in fair value of
these items are classified in 
Principal
transactions 

in the Company’s Consolidated
Statement of Income. 

Certain loans and other credit
products 

Citigroup has elected the
fair value option for certain originated and purchased loans, including certain
unfunded loan products, such as guarantees and letters of credit, executed by
Citigroup’s lending and trading businesses. None of these credit products is a
highly leveraged financing commitment. Significant groups of transactions
include loans and unfunded loan products that are expected to be either sold or
securitized in the near term, or transactions where the economic risks are
hedged with derivative instruments such as purchased credit default swaps or
total return swaps where the Company pays the total return on the underlying
loans to a third party. Citigroup has elected the fair value option to mitigate
accounting mismatches in cases where hedge accounting is complex and to achieve
operational simplifications. Fair value was not elected for most lending
transactions across the Company, including where management objectives would not
be met.

256

The following table provides information
about certain credit products carried at fair value at December 31, 2011 and
2010:

December 31, 2011

December 31, 2010

 In millions of dollars

Trading assets

Loans

Trading assets

Loans

 Carrying amount
 reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet

$

14,150

$

3,735

$

14,241

       $

1,748

 Aggregate unpaid principal
 balance in excess of fair value

540

(3

)

167

(88

)

 Balance of
 non-accrual loans or loans more than 90 days past due

134

—

221

—

 Aggregate unpaid principal
 balance in excess of fair value for non-accrual

        loans or loans more than 90
 days past due

43

—

57

—

     In addition to
the amounts reported above, $648 million and $621 million of unfunded loan
commitments related to certain credit products selected for fair value
accounting were outstanding as of December 31, 2011 and 2010,
respectively. 

Changes in fair value of funded and unfunded credit products
are classified in 
Principal transactions

in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of
Income. Related interest revenue is measured based on the contractual interest
rates and reported as
 Interest revenue

on 
Trading
account assets 

or loan interest depending on
the balance sheet classifications of the credit products. The changes in fair
value for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 due to instrument-specific
credit risk totaled to a gain of $53 million and a loss of $6 million,
respectively. 

Certain investments in private
equity and real estate ventures and certain equity method
investments

Citigroup invests in
private equity and real estate ventures for the purpose of earning investment
returns and for capital appreciation. The Company has elected the fair value
option for certain of these ventures, because such investments are considered
similar to many private equity or hedge fund activities in Citi’s investment
companies, which are reported at fair value. The fair value option brings
consistency in the accounting and evaluation of these investments. All
investments (debt and equity) in such private equity and real estate entities
are accounted for at fair value. These investments are classified
as
 Investments 

on Citigroup’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.
     Citigroup also holds various
non-strategic investments in leveraged buyout funds and other hedge funds for
which the Company elected fair value accounting to reduce operational and
accounting complexity. Since the funds account for all of their underlying
assets at fair value, the impact of applying the equity method to Citigroup’s
investment in these funds was equivalent to fair value accounting. These
investments are classified as 

Other assets

on Citigroup’s Consolidated Balance
Sheet.
     Changes in the fair
values of these investments are classified in 

Other revenue 

in the Company’s
Consolidated Statement of Income. 

Certain mortgage loans
(HFS)

Citigroup has elected the fair
value option for certain purchased and originated prime fixed-rate and
conforming adjustable-rate first mortgage loans HFS. These loans are intended
for sale or securitization and are hedged with derivative instruments. The
Company has elected the fair value option to mitigate accounting mismatches in
cases where hedge accounting is complex and to achieve operational
simplifications. 

257

The following table provides information
about certain mortgage loans HFS carried at fair value at December 31, 2011 and,
2010:

 In millions of dollars

December 31, 2011

December 31, 2010

 Carrying amount
 reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet

$6,213

$7,230

 Aggregate fair value in excess
 of unpaid principal balance

274

81

 Balance of
 non-accrual loans or loans more than 90 days past due

—

1

 Aggregate unpaid principal balance in excess of fair value
 for non-accrual loans or loans more than 90 days past due

—

1

     The changes in
fair values of these mortgage loans are reported in 
Other revenue 

in the Company’s
Consolidated Statement of Income. The changes in fair value during the years
ended December 31, 2011 and 2010 due to instrument-specific credit risk resulted
in a loss of $0.1 million and $1 million, respectively. Related interest income
continues to be measured based on the contractual interest rates and reported as
such in the Consolidated Statement of Income. 

Certain consolidated
VIEs

The Company has elected the fair
value option for all qualified assets and liabilities of certain VIEs that were
consolidated upon the adoption of SFAS 167 on January 1, 2010, including certain
private label mortgage securitizations, mutual fund deferred sales commissions
and collateralized loan obligation VIEs. The Company elected the fair value
option for these VIEs as the Company believes this method better reflects the
economic risks, since substantially all of the Company’s retained interests in
these entities are carried at fair value. 

With
respect to the consolidated mortgage VIEs, the Company determined the fair value
for the mortgage loans and long-term debt utilizing internal valuation
techniques. The fair value of the long-term debt measured using internal
valuation techniques is verified, where possible, to prices obtained from
independent vendors. Vendors compile prices from various sources and may apply
matrix pricing for similar securities when no price is observable. Security
pricing associated with long-term debt that is valued using observable inputs is
classified as Level 2 and debt that is valued using one or more significant
unobservable inputs is classified as Level 3. The fair value of mortgage loans
of each VIE is derived from the security pricing. When substantially all of the
long-term debt of a VIE is valued using Level 2 inputs, the corresponding
mortgage loans are classified as Level 2. Otherwise, the mortgage loans of a VIE
are classified as Level 3. 

With respect to the consolidated mortgage VIEs for which the fair value
option was elected, the mortgage loans are classified as 

Loans 

on Citigroup’s
Consolidated Balance Sheet. The changes in fair value of the loans are reported
as 
Other revenue 

in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Income. Related interest
revenue is measured based on the contractual interest rates and reported as

Interest revenue 

in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Income. Information about
these mortgage loans is included in the table below. The change in fair value of
these loans due to instrument-specific credit risk was a loss of $275 million a
gain of $190 million for the years ended December 31, 2011 and 2010,
respectively.

The debt issued by these consolidated VIEs is classified as
long-term debt on Citigroup’s Consolidated Balance Sheet. The changes in fair
value for the majority of these liabilities are reported in 
Other revenue 

in the
Company’s Consolidated Statement of Income. Related interest expense is measured
based on the contractual interest rates and reported as such in the Consolidated
Statement of Income. The aggregate unpaid principal balance of long-term debt of
these consolidated VIEs exceeded the aggregate fair value by $984 million and
$857 million as of December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively.

258

     The following table provides information
about Corporate and Consumer loans of consolidated VIEs carried at fair value at
December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010:

December 31, 2011

December 31, 2010

 In millions of
dollars

Corporate loans

Consumer loans

Corporate loans

Consumer loans

 Carrying amount reported on the Consolidated Balance
Sheet

$198

$1,292

$425

$1,718

 Aggregate unpaid
 principal balance in excess of fair value

394

436

357

527

 Balance of non-accrual loans or loans more than 90 days past
 due

23

86

45

133

 Aggregate unpaid
 principal balance in excess of fair value for non-accrual

        loans or loans more than 90
 days past due

42

120

43

139

Certain structured
liabilities

The Company has elected
the fair value option for certain structured liabilities whose performance is
linked to structured interest rates, inflation, currency, equity, referenced
credit or commodity risks (structured liabilities). The Company elected the fair
value option, because these exposures are considered to be trading-related
positions and, therefore, are managed on a fair value basis. These positions
will continue to be classified as debt, deposits or derivatives (
Trading account liabilities

) on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet according to their legal
form. 

The change in
fair value for these structured liabilities is reported in 
Principal transactions

 in
the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Income. Changes in fair value for
structured debt with embedded equity, referenced credit or commodity underlyings
includes an economic component for accrued interest. For structured debt that
contains embedded interest rate, inflation or currency risks, related interest
expense is measured based on the contracted interest rates and reported as such
in the Consolidated Statement of Income.

Certain non-structured
liabilities

The Company has elected
the fair value option for certain non-structured liabilities with fixed and
floating interest rates (non-structured liabilities). The Company has elected
the fair value option where the interest-rate risk of such liabilities is
economically hedged with derivative contracts or the proceeds are used to
purchase financial assets that will also be accounted for at fair value through
earnings. The election has been made to mitigate accounting mismatches and to
achieve operational simplifications. These positions are reported in

Short-term borrowings

 and 
Long-term
debt

 on the Company’s Consolidated Balance
Sheet. The change in fair value for these non-structured liabilities is reported
in 
Principal transactions

 in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of
Income. 

Related interest expense continues to be measured based on the
contractual interest rates and reported as such in the Consolidated Statement of
Income. 

     The following table provides information
about long-term debt carried at fair value, excluding the debt issued by the
consolidated VIEs, at December 31, 2011 and 2010:

 In millions of dollars

December 31, 2011

December 31, 2010

 Carrying amount
 reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet

$22,614

$22,055

 Aggregate unpaid principal balance in excess of fair
 value

1,680

477

The following table provides information
about short-term borrowings carried at fair value at December 31, 2011 and
2010:

 In millions of dollars

December 31, 2011

December 31, 2010

 Carrying amount
 reported on the Consolidated Balance Sheet

$1,354

$2,429

 Aggregate unpaid principal balance in excess of fair
 value

49

81

259

27. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS

Estimated Fair Value of Financial
Instruments

The table below presents the carrying
value and fair value of Citigroup’s financial instruments. The disclosure
excludes leases, affiliate investments, pension and benefit obligations and
insurance policy claim reserves. In addition, contract-holder fund amounts
exclude certain insurance contracts. Also as required, the disclosure excludes
the effect of taxes, any premium or discount that could result from offering for
sale at one time the entire holdings of a particular instrument, excess fair
value associated with deposits with no fixed maturity and other expenses that
would be incurred in a market transaction. In addition, the table excludes the
values of non-financial assets and liabilities, as well as a wide range of
franchise, relationship and intangible values (but includes mortgage servicing
rights), which are integral to a full assessment of Citigroup’s financial
position and the value of its net assets.

The fair value represents management’s
best estimates based on a range of methodologies and assumptions. The carrying
value of short-term financial instruments not accounted for at fair value, as
well as receivables and payables arising in the ordinary course of business,
approximates fair value because of the relatively short period of time between
their origination and expected realization. Quoted market prices are used when
available for investments and for both trading and end-user derivatives, as well
as for liabilities, such as long-term debt, with quoted prices. For loans not
accounted for at fair value, cash flows are discounted at quoted secondary
market rates or estimated market rates if available. Otherwise, sales of
comparable loan portfolios or current market origination rates for loans with
similar terms and risk characteristics are used. Expected credit losses are
either embedded in the estimated future cash flows or incorporated as an
adjustment to the discount rate used. The value of collateral is also
considered. For liabilities such as long-term debt not accounted for at fair
value and without quoted market prices, market borrowing rates of interest are
used to discount contractual cash flows.

December 31, 2011

December 31, 2010

Carrying

Estimated

Carrying

Estimated

 In billions of
dollars

value

fair value

value

fair value

 Assets

 Investments

$293.4

$292.4

$318.2

$319.0

 Federal funds sold and      
 securities borrowed

        or purchased under

        agreements to resell

275.8

275.8

246.7

246.7

 Trading account
 assets

291.7

291.7

317.3

317.3

 Loans (1)

614.6

603.9

605.5

584.3

 Other financial assets
 (2)

257.5

257.2

280.5

280.2

December 31, 2011

December 31, 2010

Carrying

Estimated

Carrying

Estimated

 In billions of
dollars

value

fair value

value

fair value

 Liabilities

 Deposits

$865.9

$865.8

$845.0

$843.2

 Federal funds purchased and

        securities
 loaned       or sold under

         agreements to
 repurchase

198.4

198.4

189.6

189.6

 Trading account
 liabilities

126.1

126.1

129.1

129.1

 Long-term debt

323.5

313.8

381.2

384.5

 Other financial liabilities
 (3)

146.2

146.2

171.2

171.2

 (1)      

The carrying value of loans is
 net of the 
Allowance for loan losses

of $30.1 billion for December 31, 2011
 and $40.7 billion for December 31, 2010. In addition, the carrying values
 exclude $2.5 billion and $2.6 billion of lease finance receivables at
 December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, respectively.

 (2)

Includes cash and due from banks,
 deposits with banks, brokerage receivables, reinsurance recoverable,
 mortgage servicing rights, separate and variable accounts and other
 financial instruments included in 
Other
 assets 

on the Consolidated Balance
 Sheet, for all of which the carrying value is a reasonable estimate of
 fair value.

 (3)

Includes brokerage payables,
 separate and variable accounts, short-term borrowings and other financial
 instruments included in 
Other
 liabilities 

on the Consolidated Balance
 Sheet, for all of which the carrying value is a reasonable estimate of
 fair value.

     Fair values vary
from period to period based on changes in a wide range of factors, including
interest rates, credit quality, and market perceptions of value and as existing
assets and liabilities run off and new transactions are entered into.

The
estimated fair values of loans reflect changes in credit status since the loans
were made, changes in interest rates in the case of fixed-rate loans, and
premium values at origination of certain loans. The carrying values (reduced by
the 
Allowance for loan losses

) exceeded the estimated fair values of Citigroup’s loans, in
aggregate, by $10.7 billion and by $21.2 billion at December 31, 2011 and
December 31, 2010, respectively. At December 31, 2011, the carrying values, net
of allowances, exceeded the estimated fair values by $8.4 billion and $2.3
billion for Consumer loans and Corporate loans, respectively.

The
estimated fair values of the Company’s corporate unfunded lending commitments at
December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010 were liabilities of $4.7 billion and
$5.6 billion, respectively. The Company does not estimate the fair values of
consumer unfunded lending commitments, which are generally cancelable by
providing notice to the borrower.

260

28. PLEDGED ASSETS, COLLATERAL,
COMMITMENTSAND GUARANTEES

Pledged Assets

In connection with the Company’s financing and trading
activities, the Company has pledged assets to collateralize its obligations
under repurchase agreements, securities financing agreements, secured liabilities
of consolidated VIEs and other borrowings. At December 31, 2011 and 2010, the
approximate carrying values of the significant components of pledged assets
recognized on the Company’s balance sheet include:

 In millions of dollars

2011

2010

 Investment
 securities

$

129,093

$

154,692

 Loans

235,031

269,607

 Trading account assets

114,539

140,695

 Total

$

478,663

$

564,994

     In addition, included in cash and due from
banks at December 31, 2011 and 2010 are $13.6 billion and $15.6 billion,
respectively, of cash segregated under federal and other brokerage regulations
or deposited with clearing organizations.

At December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company had $1.4
billion and $1.1 billion, respectively, of outstanding letters of credit from
third-party banks to satisfy various collateral and margin
requirements.

Collateral

At December 31, 2011 and 2010, the approximate fair value of
collateral received by the Company that may be resold or repledged by the
Company, excluding the impact of allowable netting, was $350.0 billion and
$335.3 billion, respectively. This collateral was received in connection with
resale agreements, securities borrowings and loans, derivative transactions and
margined broker loans.

At December 31, 2011 and 2010, a
substantial portion of the collateral received by the Company had been sold or
repledged in connection with repurchase agreements, securities sold, not yet
purchased, securities borrowings and loans, pledges to clearing organizations,
segregation requirements under securities laws and regulations, derivative
transactions and bank loans.

In addition, at December 31, 2011 and 2010, the Company had pledged $187
billion and $271 billion, respectively, of collateral that may not be sold or
repledged by the secured parties.

Lease
Commitments

Rental expense (principally
for offices and computer equipment) was $1.6 billion, $1.6 billion and $2.0
billion for the years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009,
respectively.

Future minimum annual rentals under noncancelable leases, net
of sublease income, are as follows:

 In millions of
dollars

 2012

    $

1,199

 2013

1,096

 2014

1,008

 2015

906

 2016

793

 Thereafter

2,292

 Total

$

7,294

Guarantees

The Company provides a variety of guarantees and
indemnifications to Citigroup customers to enhance their credit standing and
enable them to complete a wide variety of business transactions. For certain
contracts meeting the definition of a guarantee, the guarantor must recognize,
at inception, a liability for the fair value of obligation undertaken in
issuing the guarantee.

In addition, the guarantor must disclose
the maximum potential amount of future payments the guarantor could be required
to make under the guarantee, if there were a total default by the guaranteed
parties. The determination of the maximum potential future payments is based on
the notional amount of the guarantees without consideration of possible
recoveries under recourse provisions or from collateral held or pledged. Such
amounts bear no relationship to the anticipated losses, if any, on these
guarantees. The following tables present information about the Company’s
guarantees at December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010:

Maximum potential amount of future
 payments

Expire within

     Expire after

      Total amount

Carrying value

 In billions
 of dollars at December 31, except carrying value in
 millions

1 year

1 year

outstanding

(in millions)

 2011

 Financial
 standby letters of credit

$

25.2

$

79.5

$

104.7

$

417.5

 Performance guarantees

7.8

4.5

12.3

43.9

 Derivative
 instruments considered to be guarantees

11.1

10.2

21.3

2,569.7

 Loans sold with recourse

—

0.4

0.4

89.6

 Securities
 lending indemnifications (1)

90.9

—

90.9

—

 Credit card merchant processing (1)

70.2

—

70.2

—

 Custody indemnifications and
 other

—

40.0

40.0

30.7

 Total

$

205.2

$

134.6

$

339.8

$

3,151.4

 (1)     

The carrying values of
 securities lending indemnifications and credit card merchant processing
 are not material, as the Company has determined that the amount and
 probability of potential liabilities arising from these guarantees are not
 significant.

261

Maximum potential amount
 of future payments

 In billions of dollars at December 31,

Expire within

Expire after

Total amount

Carrying value

 except carrying value in
millions

1 year

1 year

outstanding

(in
 millions)

 2010

 Financial standby letters of
 credit

$

26.4

$

68.4

$

94.8

$

225.9

 Performance
 guarantees

9.1

4.6

13.7

35.8

 Derivative instruments
 considered to be guarantees

7.5

7.5

15.0

1,445.2

 Loans sold with
 recourse

—

0.4

0.4

117.3

 Securities lending
 indemnifications (1)

70.4

—

70.4

—

 Credit card
 merchant processing (1)

65.0

—

65.0

—

 Custody indemnifications and other

—

40.2

40.2

253.8

 Total

$

178.4

$

121.1

$

299.5

$

2,078.0

 (1)     

The carrying
 values of securities lending indemnifications and credit card merchant
 processing are not material, as the Company has determined that the amount
 and probability of potential liabilities arising from these guarantees are
 not significant.

Financial standby letters of
credit

Citigroup issues standby
letters of credit which substitute its own credit for that of the borrower. If a
letter of credit is drawn down, the borrower is obligated to repay Citigroup.
Standby letters of credit protect a third party from defaults on contractual
obligations. Financial standby letters of credit include guarantees of payment
of insurance premiums and reinsurance risks that support industrial revenue bond
underwriting and settlement of payment obligations to clearing houses, and also
support options and purchases of securities or are in lieu of escrow deposit
accounts. Financial standbys also backstop loans, credit facilities, promissory
notes and trade acceptances.

Performance
guarantees

Performance guarantees and
letters of credit are issued to guarantee a customer’s tender bid on a
construction or systems-installation project or to guarantee completion of such
projects in accordance with contract terms. They are also issued to support a
customer’s obligation to supply specified products, commodities, or maintenance
or warranty services to a third party.

Derivative instruments considered to
be guarantees

Derivatives are
financial instruments whose cash flows are based on a notional amount and an
underlying, where there is little or no initial investment, and whose terms
require or permit net settlement. Derivatives may be used for a variety of
reasons, including risk management, or to enhance returns. Financial
institutions often act as intermediaries for their clients, helping clients
reduce their risks. However, derivatives may also be used to take a risk
position.

The derivative instruments considered to
be guarantees, which are presented in the tables above, include only those
instruments that require Citi to make payments to the counterparty based on
changes in an underlying instrument that is related to an asset, a liability, or
an equity security held by the guaranteed party. More specifically, derivative
instruments considered to be guarantees include certain over-the-counter written
put options where the counterparty is not a bank, hedge fund or broker-dealer
(such counterparties are considered to be dealers in these markets and may,
therefore, not hold the underlying instruments). However, credit derivatives
sold by the Company are excluded from this presentation, as they are disclosed
separately in Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. In addition,
non-credit derivative contracts that are cash settled and for which the Company
is unable to assert 

that it is probable the counterparty held
the underlying instrument at the inception of the contract also are excluded
from the disclosure above.

In instances where the Company’s maximum potential future payment is
unlimited, the notional amount of the contract is disclosed.

Loans sold with
recourse

Loans sold with recourse
represent the Company’s obligations to reimburse the buyers for loan losses
under certain circumstances. Recourse refers to the clause in a sales agreement
under which a lender will fully reimburse the buyer/investor for any losses
resulting from the purchased loans. This may be accomplished by the seller’s
taking back any loans that become delinquent.

In
addition to the amounts shown in the table above, the repurchase reserve for
Consumer mortgages representations and warranties was $1,188 million and $969
million at December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, respectively, and these
amounts are included in 
Other
liabilities

 on the Consolidated Balance
Sheet.

The repurchase reserve estimation process is subject to numerous
estimates and judgments. The assumptions used to calculate the repurchase
reserve contain a level of uncertainty and risk that, if different from actual
results, could have a material impact on the reserve amounts. The key
assumptions are:

loan documentation requests;

repurchase claims as a percentage of loan
 documentation requests;

claims appeal success rate; and

estimated loss per repurchase or
 make-whole. 

Citi estimates that if there were a simultaneous 10% adverse change in
each of the significant assumptions, the repurchase reserve would increase by
approximately $620 million as of December 31, 2011. This potential change is
hypothetical and intended to indicate the sensitivity of the repurchase reserve
to changes in the key assumptions. Actual changes in the key assumptions may not
occur at the same time or to the same degree (i.e., an adverse change in one
assumption may be offset by an improvement in another). Citi does not believe it
has sufficient information to estimate a range of reasonably possible loss (as
defined under ASC 450) relating to its Consumer representations and
warranties.

262

Securities lending
indemnifications

Owners of securities
frequently lend those securities for a fee to other parties who may sell them
short or deliver them to another party to satisfy some other obligation. Banks
may administer such securities lending programs for their clients. Securities
lending indemnifications are issued by the bank to guarantee that a securities
lending customer will be made whole in the event that the security borrower does
not return the security subject to the lending agreement and collateral held is
insufficient to cover the market value of the security.

Credit card merchant
processing

Credit card merchant
processing guarantees represent the Company’s indirect obligations in connection
with the processing of private label and bank card transactions on behalf of
merchants.

Citigroup’s primary credit card business is the issuance of credit cards
to individuals. In addition, the Company: (a)

provides transaction processing services to
various merchants with respect to its private-label cards and (b) has potential
liability for bank card transaction processing services. The nature of the
liability in either case arises as a result of a billing dispute between a
merchant and a cardholder that is ultimately resolved in the cardholder’s favor.
The merchant is liable to refund the amount to the cardholder. In general, if
the credit card processing company is unable to collect this amount from the
merchant, the credit card processing company bears the loss for the amount of
the credit or refund paid to the cardholder.

With
regard to (a) above, the Company continues to have the primary contingent
liability with respect to its portfolio of private-label merchants. The risk of
loss is mitigated as the cash flows between the Company and the merchant are
settled on a net basis and the Company has the right to offset any payments with
cash flows otherwise due to the merchant. To further mitigate this risk the
Company may delay settlement, require a merchant to make an escrow deposit,
include event triggers to provide the Company with more financial and
operational control in the event of the financial deterioration of the merchant,
or require various credit enhancements (including letters of credit and bank
guarantees). In the unlikely event that a private-label merchant is unable to
deliver products, services or a refund to its private-label cardholders, the
Company is contingently liable to credit or refund cardholders.

With
regard to (b) above, the Company has a potential liability for bank card
transactions where Citi provides the transaction processing services as well as
those where a third party provides the services and Citi acts as a secondary
guarantor, should that processor fail to perform.

The
Company’s maximum potential contingent liability related to both bank card and
private-label merchant processing services is estimated to be the total volume
of credit card transactions that meet the requirements to be valid charge back
transactions at any given time. At December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, this
maximum potential exposure was estimated to be $70 billion and $65 billion,
respectively.

However, the Company believes that the
maximum exposure is not representative of the actual potential loss exposure
based on the Company’s historical experience. This contingent liability is
unlikely to arise, as most products and services are delivered when purchased
and amounts are refunded when items are returned to merchants. The Company
assesses the probability and amount of its contingent liability related to
merchant processing based on the financial strength of the primary guarantor,
the extent and nature of unresolved charge-backs and its historical loss
experience. At December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, the estimated losses
incurred and the carrying amounts of the Company’s contingent obligations
related to merchant processing activities were immaterial.

Custody
indemnifications

Custody
indemnifications are issued to guarantee that custody clients will be made whole
in the event that a third-party subcustodian or depository institution fails to
safeguard clients’ assets.

Other guarantees and
indemnifications

Credit Card Protection
Programs

The Company, through its credit
card business, provides various cardholder protection programs on several of its
card products, including programs that provide insurance coverage for rental
cars, coverage for certain losses associated with purchased products, price
protection for certain purchases and protection for lost luggage. These
guarantees are not included in the table, since the total outstanding amount of
the guarantees and the Company’s maximum exposure to loss cannot be quantified.
The protection is limited to certain types of purchases and certain types of
losses and it is not possible to quantify the purchases that would qualify for
these benefits at any given time. The Company assesses the probability and
amount of its potential liability related to these programs based on the extent
and nature of its historical loss experience. At December 31, 2011 and 2010, the
actual and estimated losses incurred and the carrying value of the Company’s
obligations related to these programs were immaterial.

Other Representation and Warranty
Indemnifications

In the normal course of
business, the Company provides standard representations and warranties to
counterparties in contracts in connection with numerous transactions and also
provides indemnifications, including indemnifications that protect the
counterparties to the contracts in the event that additional taxes are owed due
either to a change in the tax law or an adverse interpretation of the tax law.
Counterparties to these transactions provide the Company with comparable
indemnifications. While such representations, warranties and indemnifications
are essential components of many contractual relationships, they do not
represent the underlying business purpose for the transactions. The
indemnification clauses are often standard contractual terms related to the
Company’s own performance under the terms of a contract and are entered into in
the 

263

normal course of business based on an
assessment that the risk of loss is remote. Often these clauses are intended to
ensure that terms of a contract are met at inception. No compensation is
received for these standard representations and warranties, and it is not
possible to determine their fair value because they rarely, if ever, result in a
payment. In many cases, there are no stated or notional amounts included in the
indemnification clauses and the contingencies potentially triggering the
obligation to indemnify have not occurred and are not expected to occur. These
indemnifications are not included in the tables above.

Value-Transfer
Networks

The Company is a member of, or
shareholder in, hundreds of value-transfer networks (VTNs) (payment, clearing
and settlement systems as well as exchanges) around the world. As a condition of
membership, many of these VTNs require that members stand ready to pay a pro
rata share of the losses incurred by the organization due to another member’s
default on its obligations. The Company’s potential obligations may be limited
to its membership interests in the VTNs, contributions to the VTN’s funds, or,
in limited cases, the obligation may be unlimited. The maximum exposure cannot
be estimated as this would require an assessment of future claims that have not
yet occurred. We believe the risk of loss is remote given historical experience
with the VTNs. Accordingly, the Company’s participation in VTNs is not reported
in the Company’s guarantees tables above and there are no amounts reflected on
the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2011 or December 31, 2010 for
potential obligations that could arise from the Company’s involvement with VTN
associations.

Long-Term Care Insurance
Indemnification

In the sale of an
insurance subsidiary, the Company provided an indemnification to an insurance
company for policyholder claims and other liabilities relating to a book of
long-term care (LTC) business (for the entire term of the LTC policies) that is
fully reinsured by another insurance company. The reinsurer has funded two
trusts with securities whose fair value (approximately $4.4 billion at December
31, 2011 and $3.6 billion at December 31, 2010) is designed to cover the
insurance company’s statutory liabilities for the LTC policies. The assets in
these trusts are evaluated and adjusted periodically to ensure that the fair
value of the assets continues to cover the estimated statutory liabilities
related to the LTC policies, as those statutory liabilities change over time. If
the reinsurer fails to perform under the reinsurance agreement for any reason,
including insolvency, and the assets in the two trusts are insufficient or
unavailable to the ceding insurance company, then Citigroup must indemnify the
ceding insurance company for any losses actually incurred in connection with the
LTC policies. Since both events would have to occur before Citi would become
responsible for any 

payment to the ceding insurance company
pursuant to its indemnification obligation and the likelihood of such events
occurring is currently not probable, there is no liability reflected in the
Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2011 related to this
indemnification. However, Citi continues to closely monitor its potential
exposure under this indemnification obligation.

Carrying Value—Guarantees and
Indemnifications

At December 31, 2011 and
December 31, 2010, the total carrying amounts of the liabilities related to the
guarantees and indemnifications included in the tables above amounted to
approximately $3.2 billion and $2.1 billion, respectively. The carrying value of
derivative instruments is included in either 
Trading liabilities

 or 
Other liabilities

,
depending upon whether the derivative was entered into for trading or
non-trading purposes. The carrying value of financial and performance guarantees
is included in 
Other
liabilities

. For loans sold with recourse,
the carrying value of the liability is included in 
Other liabilities

. In addition, at
December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010, 
Other
liabilities

 on the Consolidated Balance Sheet
include an allowance for credit losses of $1,136 million and $1,066 million,
respectively, relating to letters of credit and unfunded lending
commitments.

Collateral

Cash collateral available to the Company to reimburse losses
realized under these guarantees and indemnifications amounted to $35 billion at
December 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010. Securities and other marketable assets
held as collateral amounted to $65 billion and $41 billion at December 31, 2011
and December 31, 2010, respectively, the majority of which collateral is held to
reimburse losses realized under securities lending indemnifications.
Additionally, letters of credit in favor of the Company held as collateral
amounted to $1.5 billion and $2.0 billion at December 31, 2011 and December 31,
2010, respectively. Other property may also be available to the Company to cover
losses under certain guarantees and indemnifications; however, the value of such
property has not been determined.

Performance
risk

Citi evaluates the performance
risk of its guarantees based on the assigned referenced counterparty internal or
external ratings. Where external ratings are used, investment-grade ratings are
considered to be Baa/BBB and above, while anything below is considered
non-investment grade. The Citi internal ratings are in line with the related
external rating system. On certain underlying referenced credits or entities,
ratings are not available. Such referenced credits are included in the “not
rated” category. The maximum potential amount of the future payments related to
guarantees and credit derivatives sold is determined to be the notional amount
of these contracts, which is the par amount of the assets
guaranteed.

264

     Presented in the
tables below are the maximum potential amounts of future payments that are
classified based upon internal and external credit ratings as of December 31,
2011 and December 31, 2010. As previously mentioned, the determination of the
maximum potential future payments is based on the notional amount of the
guarantees without consideration of possible recoveries under recourse
provisions or from collateral held or pledged. Such amounts bear no relationship
to the anticipated losses, if any, on these guarantees.

Maximum potential amount of future
 payments

Investment

Non-investment

Not

 In billions of dollars as of
 December 31, 2011

grade

grade

rated

Total

 Financial standby letters of credit

$

79.3

$

17.2

$

8.2

$

104.7

 Performance
 guarantees

6.9

3.2

2.2

12.3

 Derivative instruments deemed to be guarantees

—

—

21.3

21.3

 Loans sold with
 recourse

—

—

0.4

0.4

 Securities lending indemnifications

—

—

90.9

90.9

 Credit card
 merchant processing

—

—

70.2

70.2

 Custody indemnifications and
 other

40.0

—

—

40.0

 Total

$

126.2

$

20.4

$

193.2

$

339.8

Maximum potential amount of future
 payments

Investment

Non-investment

Not

 In billions of dollars as of
 December 31, 2010

grade

grade

rated

Total

 Financial standby letters of credit

$

58.7

$

13.2

$

22.9

$

94.8

 Performance
 guarantees

7.0

3.4

3.3

13.7

 Derivative instruments deemed to be guarantees

—

—

15.0

15.0

 Loans sold with
 recourse

—

—

0.4

0.4

 Securities lending indemnifications

—

—

70.4

70.4

 Credit card
 merchant processing

—

—

65.0

65.0

 Custody indemnifications and
 other

40.2

—

—

40.2

 Total

$

105.9

$

16.6

$

177.0

$

299.5

265

Credit Commitments and Lines of
Credit

The table below summarizes
Citigroup’s credit commitments as of December, 31 2011 and December 31,
2010:

Outside of

December 31,

December 31,

 In millions of
dollars

U.S.

U.S.

2011

2010

 Commercial and similar letters of credit

$

1,819

$

7,091

$

8,910

$

8,974

 One- to
 four-family residential mortgages

3,007

497

3,504

2,980

 Revolving open-end loans secured by one- to four-family residential