The economic recession and disruptions in
the global financial markets have adversely affected, and may continue to
adversely affect, Citigroup’s business and results of
operations.

The financial services industry and the capital markets have been, and
may continue to be, materially and adversely affected by the economic recession
and disruptions in the global financial markets. These market disruptions were
initially triggered by declines that impacted the value of subprime mortgages,
but spread to all mortgage and real estate asset classes, to leveraged bank
loans and to nearly all asset classes, including equities. These market
disruptions resulted in significant write-downs of asset values by financial
institutions, including Citigroup, causing many financial institutions to seek
additional capital, merge with other financial institutions or, in some cases,
go bankrupt.

Disruptions in the global financial markets
have also adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, the
corporate bond markets, equity markets, debt and equity underwriting, and other
elements of the financial markets. Such disruptions have caused some lenders and
institutional investors to reduce and, in some cases, cease to provide funding
to certain borrowers, including other financial institutions. Credit headwinds,
increasingly volatile financial markets and reduced levels of business activity
may continue to negatively impact Citigroup’s business, capital, liquidity,
financial condition and results of operations, as well as the trading price of
Citigroup common stock, preferred stock and debt
securities.

Moreover, market and economic disruptions have
affected, and may continue to affect, consumer confidence levels, consumer
spending, personal bankruptcy rates, and levels of incurrence and default on
consumer debt and home prices, among other factors, in certain of the markets in
which Citigroup operates. Any of these factors, along with persistently high
levels of unemployment, may result in a greater likelihood of reduced client
interaction or elevated delinquencies on consumer loans, particularly with
respect to Citi’s credit card and mortgage programs, or other obligations to
Citigroup. This, in turn, could result in a higher level of loan losses and
Citi’s allowances for credit losses, all of which could adversely affect
Citigroup’s earnings. While Citigroup has instituted loss mitigation programs to
work with distressed borrowers and potentially mitigate these effects, these
programs are in the early stages, and it is uncertain whether they will be
successful.

In connection with significant government and
central bank actions taken in late 2008 and in 2009, the U.S. and global
economies began to see signs of stabilization in certain areas, and some early
positive economic signs were observed in late 2009. Despite these positive
signs, there remains significant uncertainty regarding the sustainability and
pace of economic recovery, unemployment levels, the impact of the U.S. and other
governments’ unwinding of their extensive economic and market supports, which
may accelerate in 2010, and Citi’s delinquency and credit loss
trends.

 Previously enacted and potential future
legislation, including legislation to reform the U.S. financial regulatory
system, could require Citigroup to change certain of its business practices,
impose additional costs on Citigroup or otherwise adversely affect its
businesses.

In addition to previously enacted governmental assistance programs
designed to stabilize and stimulate the U.S. economy (including without
limitation the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (EESA) and the
American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (ARRA)), recent economic,
political and market conditions have led to numerous proposals in the U.S. for
changes in the regulation of the financial industry in an effort to prevent
future crises and to reform the financial regulatory
system.

Some of these proposals have already been adopted. For example, in May
2009, the U.S. Congress enacted the Credit Card Accountability Responsibility
and Disclosure Act of 2009 (CARD Act), which, among other things, restricts
certain credit card practices, requires expanded disclosures to consumers and
provides consumers with the right to opt out of certain interest rate increases.
Complying with these legislative changes, as well as the requirements of the
amendments to Regulation Z (Truth in Lending) adopted by the Federal Reserve
Board and effective July 2010, will require Citigroup to invest significant
management attention and resources to make the necessary disclosure and system
changes in its U.S. card businesses and will affect the results of such
businesses. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations—
North America Regional Consumer Banking

” above and “Managing Global Risk—Credit
Risk—2010 Credit Outlook” and

“—
North America

 Cards” below for additional
information.

In addition, in 2009, the Obama Administration
released a comprehensive plan for regulatory reform in the financial industry.
The Administration’s plan calls for significant proposed structural reforms and
new substantive regulation across the financial industry, including, without
limitation, requiring that broker-dealers who provide investment advice about
securities to investors have the same fiduciary obligations as registered
investment advisers; new requirements for the securitization market, including
requiring a securitizer to retain a material economic interest in the credit
risk associated with the underlying securitization; and additional regulation
with respect to the trading of over-the-counter derivatives. In addition, the
Administration’s plan calls for increased scrutiny and regulation, including
potentially heightened capital requirements, for any financial institution whose
combination of size, leverage and interconnectedness could pose a threat to
market-wide financial stability if it failed. This is sometimes referred to as
“systemic risk” and may adversely affect Citigroup, as well as the financial
intermediaries with which it interacts on a daily basis such as clearing
agencies, clearing houses, banks, securities firms and exchanges.

54

      The House Financial Services Committee began considering legislation
based on the Administration’s proposal, and in December 2009, the U.S. House of
Representatives passed the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. The
bill calls for comprehensive financial regulatory reform and would create a
Consumer Protection Agency whose mandate includes measures that would subject
federally chartered financial institutions to state consumer protection laws
that have historically been preempted. The bill would also provide Federal
regulators with the authority to rein in or dismantle financial institutions
whose collapse could pose a systemic risk to the financial stability or economy
of the U.S. due to their size, leverage or interconnectedness. The Senate
Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee also issued a discussion draft of a
bill in November 2009 based on the Administration’s proposal, which differs
significantly from the House bill in many
respects.

More recently, in early 2010, the Obama
Administration proposed further restrictions on the size and scope of banks and
other financial institutions. There can be no assurance as to whether or when
any of the parts of the Administration’s plan or other proposals will be enacted
into legislation and, if adopted, what the final provisions of such legislation
will be. New legislation and regulatory changes could require Citigroup to
further change certain of its business practices, impose additional costs on
Citigroup, some significant, adversely affect its ability to pursue business
opportunities it might otherwise consider engaging in, cause business
disruptions or impact the value of assets that Citigroup holds.

Citigroup’s participation in government
programs to modify first and second lien mortgage loans could adversely affect
the amount and timing of its earnings and credit losses relating to those
loans.

The U.S. Treasury has announced guidelines for its first and second lien
modification programs under the Home Affordable Modification Program (HAMP).
Citigroup began participating in the HAMP with respect to first mortgages during
the second quarter of 2009 and is actively engaged in discussions with the U.S.
Treasury for the second lien
program.

Participation in the HAMP could result in a
reduction in the principal balances of certain first and second lien mortgage
loans and the acceleration of loss recognition on those loans. In addition to
the principal reduction aspect of the programs, loan modification efforts can
impact the interest rate and term of these loans, which would in turn impact the
total return on those assets and the timing of those returns. Participation in
the programs as a servicer could also reduce servicing income to the extent the
principal balance of a serviced loan is reduced or because it increases the cost
of servicing a loan. 

In order to participate in the HAMP, borrowers
must currently complete a three- to five-month trial period during which the
original terms of the loans remain in effect pending final modification. As a
result, Citigroup is uncertain of the overall impact the HAMP will have on its
delinquency trends, net credit losses and other loan loss
metrics.

 The expiration of a provision of the U.S.
tax law that allows Citigroup to defer U.S. taxes on certain active financial
services income could significantly increase Citi’s tax
expense.

Citigroup’s tax provision has historically been reduced because active
financing income earned and indefinitely reinvested outside the U.S. is taxed at
the lower local tax rate rather than at the higher U.S. tax rate. Such reduction
has been dependent upon a provision of the U.S. tax law that defers the
imposition of U.S. taxes on certain active financial services income until that
income is repatriated to the U.S. as a dividend. This “active financing
exception” expired on December 31, 2009, and while it has been scheduled to
expire on five prior occasions and has been extended each time, there can be no
assurance that the exception will continue to be extended. The Obama
Administration’s 2011 budget proposal includes a two-year extension of the
active financing exception. In addition, the U.S. House of Representatives has
passed a one-year extension of the exception that is now pending a vote in the
U.S. Senate. In the event this exception is not extended beyond 2009, the U.S.
tax imposed on Citi’s active financing income earned outside the U.S. would
increase, which could further result in Citi’s tax expense increasing
significantly. 

Citigroup’s businesses are subject to risks
arising from extensive operations outside the United States.

As a global
participant in the financial services industry, Citigroup is subject to
extensive regulation, including fiscal and monetary policies, in jurisdictions
around the world.

As a result of the current financial crisis,
there are currently numerous reform efforts underway outside the U.S., including
without limitation proposals by the European Commission to amend bank capital
requirements and by the Financial Services Authority in the United Kingdom to
enhance regulatory standards applicable to financial institutions. This level of
regulation could further increase in all jurisdictions in which Citigroup
conducts business. Any regulatory changes could lead to business disruptions or
could impact the value of assets that Citigroup holds or the scope or
profitability of its business activities. Such changes could also require
Citigroup to change certain of its business practices and could expose Citigroup
to additional costs, including compliance costs, and liabilities as well as
reputational harm. To the extent the regulations strictly control the activities
of financial services institutions, such changes would also make it more
difficult for Citigroup to distinguish itself from
competitors.

55

      In addition, the emerging markets in which Citigroup operates or invests,
or in which it may do so in the future, particularly as a result of its overall
strategy, may be more volatile than the U.S. markets or other developed markets
outside the U.S. and are subject to changing political, economic, financial and
social factors. Among other factors, these include the possibility of recent or
future changes in political leadership and economic and fiscal policies and the
possible imposition of, or changes in, currency exchange laws or other laws or
restrictions applicable to companies or investments in these countries.
Citigroup’s inability to remain in compliance with local laws in a particular
market could have a materially adverse effect not only on its business in that
market but also on its reputation generally.

Future issuances of Citigroup common stock
and preferred stock may reduce any earnings available to Citi’s common
stockholders and the return on the company’s
equity.

During 2009, Citigroup raised a total of approximately $79 billion in
private and public offerings of common stock in connection with its exchange
offers and as required by the U.S. government pursuant to Citigroup’s repayment
of TARP. This amount does not include approximately $3.5 billion of tangible
equity units issued in December 2009 that will be settled for additional shares
of Citigroup common stock that may be issued over a three-year period but in no
event later than December 2012.

In addition, in January 2010, Citigroup issued
$1.7 billion of common stock equivalents to its employees in lieu of cash
compensation they would have otherwise received. Subject to shareholder approval
at Citi’s annual shareholder meeting scheduled to be held on April 20, 2010,
such amount of common stock equivalents will be converted to common stock.
Further, pursuant to its agreement with the Abu Dhabi Investment Authority
(ADIA), entered into in November 2007, Citi will issue an aggregate of $7.5
billion of common stock, at a price per share of $31.83, over an approximately
two-year period beginning in March
2010.

While this additional capital has provided, or will provide, funding to
Citigroup’s businesses and has improved, or will improve, Citigroup’s financial
position and capital strength, it has increased, or will increase, Citigroup’s
equity and the number of actual and diluted shares of Citigroup common stock.
Such increases in the outstanding shares of common stock reduce Citigroup’s
earnings per share and the return on Citigroup’s equity, unless Citigroup’s
earnings increase correspondingly. In addition, any additional future issuances
of common stock, including without limitation pursuant to U.S. governmental
requirements or programs, could further dilute the existing common stockholders
and any earnings available to the common stockholders.

The sale by the U.S. Treasury of its stake
in Citigroup will result in a substantial amount of Citigroup common stock
entering the market, which could adversely affect the market price of Citigroup
common stock.

As of December 31, 2009, the U.S. Treasury held a 27.0% ownership stake
in Citigroup. In December 2009, the U.S. Treasury announced that it planned to
divest its stake during 2010, subject to market conditions and following a
90-day lockup period that will expire on March 16, 2010, resulting in
approximately 7.7 billion shares of Citigroup common stock being sold into the
market. The divestiture of such a large number of shares of Citigroup common
stock within the announced timeframe could adversely affect the market price of
Citigroup common stock.

 Citigroup’s ability to utilize its deferred
tax assets (DTAs) to offset future taxable income may be significantly limited
if it experiences an “ownership change” under the Internal Revenue
Code.

As
of December 31, 2009, Citigroup had recognized net DTAs of approximately $46.1
billion, which are included in its tangible common equity. Citigroup’s ability
to utilize its DTAs to offset future taxable income may be significantly limited
if Citigroup experiences an “ownership change” as defined in Section 382 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). In general, an ownership
change will occur if there is a cumulative change in Citigroup’s ownership by
“5-percent shareholders” (as defined in the Code) that exceeds 50 percentage
points over a rolling three-year
period.

The common stock issued pursuant to the exchange offers in July 2009, and
the common stock and tangible equity units issued in December 2009 as part of
Citigroup’s TARP repayment, did not result in an ownership change under the
Code. However, these common stock issuances have materially increased the risk
that Citigroup will experience an ownership change in the
future.

On June 9, 2009, the Board of Directors of Citigroup adopted a Tax
Benefits Preservation Plan. This Plan is subject to shareholders’ approval at
the 2010 Annual Meeting. The purpose of the Plan is to minimize the likelihood
of an ownership change occurring for Section 382 purposes. Despite adoption of
the Plan, future transactions in Citigroup stock that may not be in its control
may cause Citigroup to experience an ownership change and thus limit its ability
to utilize its DTAs, as well as cause a reduction in Citigroup’s tangible common
equity and stockholders’ equity.

Increases in FDIC insurance premiums and
other proposed fees on banks may adversely affect Citigroup’s
earnings.

During 2008 and continuing in 2009, higher levels of bank failures have
dramatically increased resolution costs of the FDIC and depleted the deposit
insurance fund. In order to maintain a strong funding position and restore
reserve ratios of the deposit insurance fund, the FDIC has increased, and may
further increase in the future, assessment rates of insured institutions. In
November 2009, the FDIC adopted a rule requiring banks to prepay three years of
estimated premiums to replenish the depleted insurance fund, which Citigroup
paid in the fourth quarter of 2009. There have also been proposals to change the
basis on which these assessment rates are determined. Moreover, the Obama
Administration has recently suggested the imposition of other fees on banking
institutions.

Citigroup is generally unable to control
the basis or the amount of premiums that it is required to pay for FDIC
insurance or the levying of other fees or assessments on financial institutions.
If there are additional bank or financial institution failures, Citigroup may be
required to pay even higher FDIC premiums than the recently increased levels.
These announced increases and prepayments, and any future increases or other
required fees, could adversely impact Citigroup’s
earnings.

56

 Citigroup’s businesses may be materially
adversely affected if it is unable to hire and retain qualified
employees.

Citigroup’s performance is heavily dependent on the talents and efforts
of the highly skilled individuals that Citigroup is able to attract and retain.
Competition from within the financial services industry and from businesses
outside of the financial services industry for qualified employees has often
been intense.

Citigroup is required to comply with the U.S.
government’s standards for executive compensation and related corporate
governance set forth in the ARRA generally for so long as the U.S. government
holds certain Citigroup securities. These standards generally apply to
Citigroup’s senior-most executives and certain other highly compensated
employees. The incentive compensation arrangements for Citigroup’s top 30 most
highly compensated employees are also subject to review under the incentive
compensation principles set by the Federal Reserve Board, in consultation with
Citi’s other regulators. In addition, the U.K. recently imposed a one-time 50%
tax on bonuses above a certain amount paid to employees of banks operating in
the country.

Furthermore, the market price of Citigroup
common stock has declined significantly from a closing price of $55.12 on May
25, 2007. Because a substantial portion of Citigroup’s annual bonus compensation
paid to its senior employees has been paid in the form of equity, such awards
may not be as valuable from a compensatory or retention
perspective.

There can be no assurance that, as a result of
these restrictions, or any potential future compensation restrictions or
guidelines imposed on Citigroup, Citigroup will be able to attract new employees
and retain and motivate its existing employees, which may in turn affect its
ability to compete effectively in its businesses, manage its businesses
effectively and expand into new businesses and geographic regions. 

Failure to maintain the value of the
Citigroup brand may adversely affect its
businesses.

Citigroup’s success depends on the continued strength and recognition of
the Citigroup brand on a global basis. The Citi name is integral to its business
as well as to the implementation of its strategy for expanding its businesses,
including outside the U.S. Maintaining, promoting and positioning the Citigroup
brand will depend largely on the success of its ability to provide consistent,
high-quality financial services and products to its clients around the world.
Citigroup’s brand could be adversely affected if it fails to achieve these
objectives or if its public image or reputation were to be tarnished by negative
views about Citigroup or the financial services industry in general, or by a
negative perception of Citigroup’s short-term or long-term financial prospects.
Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on Citigroup’s
businesses.

 Although Citigroup currently believes it is
“well capitalized,” its capitalization may not prove to be sufficiently
consistent with its risk profile or sufficiently robust relative to future
capital requirements.

Citigroup’s capital management framework is
designed to ensure that Citigroup and its principal subsidiaries maintain
sufficient capital consistent with Citigroup’s risk profile, all applicable
regulatory standards and guidelines as well as external rating agency
conditions. Citigroup is subject to the risk based capital guidelines issued by
the Federal Reserve Board. Capital adequacy is measured, in part, based on two
risk based capital ratios, the Tier 1 Capital and Total Capital (Tier 1 Capital
plus Tier 2 Capital) ratios. In conjunction with the conclusion of the
Supervisory Capital Assessment Program (SCAP), U.S. banking regulators developed
a new measure of capital called Tier 1 Common. While Tier 1 Common and related
ratios are measures used and relied on by U.S. banking regulators, they are
non-GAAP financial measures for SEC purposes. See “Capital Resources and
Liquidity” above for additional information on these metrics. Citigroup is
also subject to a Leverage ratio requirement, a non-risk-based measure of
capital adequacy. For additional information on these capital adequacy metrics,
including the estimated impact to Citi’s capital ratios of adopting SFAS 166 and
SFAS 167 as of January 1, 2010, see “Capital Resources and Liquidity—Capital
Resources.”

To be “well capitalized” under U.S. federal bank regulatory agency
definitions, a bank holding company must have a Tier 1 Capital ratio of at least
6%, a Total Capital ratio of at least 10% and a Leverage ratio of at least 3%,
and not be subject to a Federal Reserve Board directive to maintain higher
capital levels. As of December 31, 2009, Citigroup was “well capitalized,” with
a Tier 1 Capital ratio of 11.7%, a Total Capital ratio of 15.2% and a Leverage
ratio of 6.9%, as well as a Tier 1 Common ratio of 9.6%. There can be no
assurance, however, that Citigroup will be able to maintain sufficient capital
consistent with its risk profile or remain “well capitalized.” Moreover, the
various regulators in the U.S. and abroad have not reached consensus as to the
appropriate level of capitalization for financial services institutions such as
Citigroup. These regulators, including the Federal Reserve Board, may alter the
current regulatory capital requirements to which Citigroup is subject and
thereby necessitate equity increases that could dilute existing stockholders,
lead to required asset sales or adversely impact the availability of Citi’s
DTAs, as described above, among other
issues.

In addition, Citigroup could adopt the provisions of the Basel II
regulatory capital framework as early as April 1, 2011. This new regulatory
capital framework is likely to result in a need for Citigroup to hold additional
regulatory capital. If market conditions do not improve, the capital
requirements of Basel II could increase prior to scheduled implementation in
2011, further increasing the amount of capital needed by Citi. The new rules
could also result in changes in Citigroup’s funding mix, resulting in lower net
income and/or continued shrinking of the balance sheet. Separate from the above
Basel II rules for credit and operational risk, the Basel Committee on Banking
Supervision has also proposed revisions to the market risk framework that could
also lead to additional capital requirements. Although not yet ratified by the
U.S. regulators, the Basel II rules for market risk are currently scheduled for
January 1, 2011, one quarter ahead of Citigroup’s earliest date for Basel II
implementation for credit and operational risk.

57

 Liquidity is essential to Citigroup’s
businesses, and Citigroup relies on external sources to finance a significant
portion of its operations.

Adequate liquidity is essential to Citigroup’s
businesses. Citigroup’s liquidity could be materially, adversely affected by
factors Citigroup cannot control, such as general disruption of the financial
markets or negative views about the financial services industry in general. In
addition, Citigroup’s ability to raise funding could be impaired if lenders
develop a negative perception of Citigroup’s short-term or long-term financial
prospects, or a perception that it is experiencing greater liquidity
risk.

Regulatory measures instituted in late 2008 and 2009, such as the FDIC’s
temporary guarantee of the newly issued senior debt as well as deposits in
non-interest-bearing deposit transaction accounts, and the commercial paper
funding facility of the Federal Reserve Board were designed to stabilize the
financial markets and the liquidity position of financial institutions such as
Citigroup. While much of Citigroup’s long-term and short-term unsecured funding
during 2009 was issued pursuant to these government-sponsored funding programs,
Citigroup began to access funding outside of these programs, particularly during
the fourth quarter of 2009, due, in part, to the fact that many of these
facilities were terminating. Citi’s reliance on government-sponsored short-term
funding facilities was substantially reduced as of the end of 2009. The impact
that the termination of any of these facilities could have on Citigroup’s
ability to access funding in the future is uncertain. It is also unclear whether
Citigroup will be able to regain access to the public long-term unsecured debt
markets on historically customary
terms.

Citigroup’s cost of obtaining long-term unsecured funding is directly
related to its credit spreads in both the cash bond and derivatives markets.
Increases in Citigroup’s credit qualifying spreads can significantly increase
the cost of this funding. Credit spreads are influenced by market and rating
agency perceptions of Citigroup’s creditworthiness and may be influenced by
movements in the costs to purchasers of credit default swaps referenced to
Citigroup’s long-term debt.

In addition, a significant portion of
Citigroup’s business activities are based on gathering deposits and borrowing
money and then lending or investing those funds, including through market-making
activities in tradable securities. Citigroup’s profitability is in part a
function of the spread between interest rates earned on such loans and
investments, as well as other interest-earning assets, and the interest rates
paid on deposits and other interest-bearing liabilities. During 2009, the need
to maintain adequate liquidity caused Citigroup to invest available funds in
lower-yielding assets, such as those issued by the U.S. government. As a result,
during 2009, the yields across both the interest-earning assets and the
interest-bearing liabilities dropped significantly from 2008. The lower asset
yields more than offset the lower cost of funds, resulting in lower net interest
margins compared to 2008. There can be no assurance that Citigroup’s net
interest margins will not continue to remain low.

 Any reduction in Citigroup’s and its
subsidiaries’ credit ratings could increase the cost of its funding from, and
restrict its access to, the capital markets and have a material adverse effect
on its results of operations and financial
condition.

Each of Citigroup’s and Citibank, N.A.’s long-term/senior debt is
currently rated investment grade by Fitch Ratings, Moody’s Investors Service and
Standard & Poor’s. The rating agencies regularly evaluate Citigroup and its
subsidiaries, and their ratings of Citigroup’s and its subsidiaries’ long-term
and short-term debt are based on a number of factors, including financial
strength, as well as factors not entirely within the control of Citigroup and
its subsidiaries, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry
generally.

In light of the difficulties in the financial
services industry and the financial markets generally, or as a result of events
affecting Citigroup more specifically, Citigroup and its subsidiaries may not be
able to maintain their current respective ratings. A reduction in Citigroup’s or
its subsidiaries’ credit ratings could adversely affect Citigroup’s liquidity,
widen its credit spreads or otherwise increase its borrowing costs, limit its
access to the capital markets or trigger obligations under certain bilateral
provisions in some of Citigroup’s trading and collateralized financing
contracts. In addition, under these provisions, counterparties could be
permitted to terminate certain contracts with Citigroup or require it to post
additional collateral. Termination of Citigroup’s trading and collateralized
financing contracts could cause Citigroup to sustain losses and impair its
liquidity by requiring Citigroup to find other sources of financing or to make
significant cash payments or securities transfers. For additional information on
the potential impact of a reduction in Citigroup’s or its subsidiaries’ credit
ratings, see “Capital Resources and
Liquidity.”

Certain of the credit rating agencies have stated that the credit ratings
of Citi and other financial institutions have benefited from the implicit
support that the U.S. government and regulators have provided to the financial
industry through the financial crisis. The expectation that this support will be
reduced over time, unless offset by improvement in standalone credit profiles,
could have a negative impact on the credit ratings of financial institutions,
including Citi. 

Market disruptions may increase the risk of
customer or counterparty delinquency or
default.

Market and economic disruptions, as well as the policies of the Federal
Reserve Board or other government agencies or entities, can adversely affect
Citigroup’s customers, obligors on securities or other instruments or other
counterparties, potentially increasing the risk that they may fail to repay
their securities or loans or otherwise default on their contractual obligations
to Citigroup, some of which maybe significant. These customers, obligors or
counterparties could include individuals or corporate or governmental entities.
Moreover, Citigroup may incur significant credit risk exposure from holding
securities or other obligations or entering into swap or other derivative
contracts under which obligors or other counterparties have long-term
obligations to make payments to Citigroup. Market conditions over the last
several years, including credit deterioration, decreased liquidity and pricing
transparency along with increased market volatility, have negatively impacted
Citigroup‘s credit risk exposure. Although Citigroup regularly reviews its
credit exposures, default risk may arise from events or circumstances that are
difficult to detect or foresee.

58

 Citigroup may fail to realize all of the
anticipated benefits of the realignment of its
businesses.

Effective in the second quarter of 2009, Citigroup realigned into two
primary business segments, Citicorp and Citi Holdings, for management and
reporting purposes. The realignment is part of Citigroup’s strategy to focus on
its core businesses and reduce non-core assets in a disciplined and deliberate
manner. Citigroup believes this structure will allow it to enhance the
capabilities and performance of Citigroup’s core assets, through Citicorp, as
well as realize value from its non-core assets, through Citi
Holdings.

Citigroup intends to exit the Citi Holdings
non-core businesses as quickly as practicable yet in an economically
rational manner through business divestitures, portfolio run-off and asset
sales. Citigroup has been making substantial progress divesting and exiting
businesses included within Citi Holdings, having completed more than 20
divestitures over the last two years, including the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney
joint venture, Nikko Cordial Securities and Nikko Asset Management sales. Citi
Holdings’ assets have been reduced from a peak level of approximately $898
billion in the first quarter of 2008 to approximately $547 billion at year-end
2009.

Despite these efforts, given the rapidly changing and uncertain financial
environment, there can be no assurance that the realignment of Citigroup’s
businesses will achieve the company’s desired objectives or benefits, including
simplifying the organization and permitting Citigroup to allocate capital to
fund its long-term strategic businesses comprising Citicorp, or that Citi will
be able to continue to make progress in divesting or exiting businesses within
Citi Holdings in an orderly and timely manner.

Citigroup may experience further
write-downs of its financial instruments and other losses related to volatile
and illiquid market conditions.

Market volatility, illiquid market conditions
and disruptions in the credit markets have made it extremely difficult to value
certain of Citigroup’s assets. Subsequent valuations, in light of factors then
prevailing, may result in significant changes in the values of these assets in
future periods. In addition, at the time of any sales of these assets, the price
Citigroup ultimately realizes will depend on the demand and liquidity in the
market at that time and may be materially lower than their current fair value.
Further, Citigroup’s hedging strategies with respect to these assets may not be
effective. Any of these factors could require Citigroup to take further
write-downs in respect of these assets, which may negatively affect Citigroup’s
results of operations and financial condition in future
periods.

Citigroup finances and acquires principal
positions in a number of real estate and real-estate-related products for its
own account, for investment vehicles managed by affiliates in which it also may
have a significant investment, for separate accounts managed by affiliates and
for major participants in the commercial and residential real estate markets,
and originates loans secured by commercial and residential properties. Citigroup
also securitizes and trades in a wide range of commercial and residential real
estate and real-estate-related whole loans, mortgages and other real estate and
commercial assets and products, including residential and commercial
mortgage-backed securities. These businesses have been, and may continue to be,
adversely affected by the downturn in the real estate sector.

      Furthermore, in the past, Citigroup has provided financial support to
certain of its investment products and vehicles in difficult market conditions,
and Citigroup may decide to do so again in the future for contractual reasons
or, at its discretion, for reputational or business reasons, including through
equity investments or cash or capital
infusions.

Should unemployment rates continue to be high,
and if stresses in the real estate market continue to depress housing prices,
Citi could experience greater write-offs and also need to set aside larger loan
loss reserves for mortgage and credit card portfolios as well as other consumer
loans.

The elimination of QSPEs from the guidance
in SFAS 140 and changes in FIN 46(R) will significantly impact, and may continue
to significantly impact, Citigroup’s Consolidated Financial
Statements.

During 2009, the FASB issued SFAS No. 166, 
Accounting for Transfers of Financial Assets

, which eliminates Qualifying Special Purpose
Entities (QSPEs) from the guidance in SFAS No. 140, and SFAS No. 167,

Amendments to FASB Interpretation No.
46(R)

, which makes three
key changes to the consolidation model in FIN 46(R), “Consolidation of Variable
Interest Entities”. Such changes include: (i) former QSPEs will now
be included in the scope of SFAS No. 167; (ii) FIN 46(R) has been
amended to change the method of analyzing which party to a variable interest
entity (VIE) should consolidate the VIE to a qualitative determination of
“power” combined with potentially significant benefits or losses; and (iii)
the analysis of primary beneficiaries has to be re-evaluated whenever
circumstances change.

These standards became effective January 1,
2010, including for Citigroup, and they will have a significant impact, and may
have an ongoing significant impact, on Citigroup’s Consolidated Financial
Statements as Citi will be required to bring a portion of assets that were not
historically on its balance sheet onto its balance sheet, which will also impact
Citi’s capital ratios. For a further discussion of these changes, see
“Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates” and Note 1 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements. See also “Capital Resources and
Liquidity—Capital Resources.”

Citigroup’s financial statements are based
in part on assumptions and estimates, which, if wrong, could cause unexpected
losses in the future.

Pursuant to U.S. GAAP, Citigroup is required
to use certain assumptions and estimates in preparing its financial statements,
including in determining credit loss reserves, reserves related to litigation
and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, among other items. If
assumptions or estimates underlying Citigroup’s financial statements are
incorrect, Citigroup may experience material losses. For additional information,
see “Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates.” 

Changes in accounting standards can be
difficult to predict and can materially impact how Citigroup records and reports
its financial condition and results of
operations.

Citigroup’s accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how it
records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. From time
to time, the FASB changes the financial accounting and reporting standards that
govern the preparation of Citigroup’s financial statements. These changes can be
hard 

59

 to anticipate and
implement and can materially impact how Citigroup records and reports its
financial condition and results of operations. For example, the FASB’s current
financial instruments project could, among other things, significantly change
the way loan loss provisions are determined from an incurred loss model to an
expected loss model, and may also result in most financial instruments being
required to be reported at fair value.

Citigroup may incur significant losses as a
result of ineffective risk management processes and strategies, and
concentration of risk increases the potential for such
losses.

Citigroup seeks to monitor and control its risk exposure through a risk
and control framework encompassing a variety of separate but complementary
financial, credit, operational, compliance and legal reporting systems, internal
controls, management review processes and other mechanisms. While Citigroup
employs a broad and diversified set of risk monitoring and risk mitigation
techniques, those techniques and the judgments that accompany their application
may not be effective and may not anticipate every economic and financial outcome
in all market environments or the specifics and timing of such outcomes. Market
conditions over the last several years have involved unprecedented dislocations
and highlight the limitations inherent in using historical data to manage
risk.

These market movements can, and have, limited the effectiveness of
Citigroup’s hedging strategies and have caused Citigroup to incur significant
losses, and they may do so again in the future. In addition, concentration of
risk increases the potential for significant losses in certain of Citigroup’s
businesses. For example, Citigroup extends large commitments as part of its
credit origination activities. Citigroup’s inability to reduce its credit risk
by selling, syndicating or securitizing these positions, including during
periods of market dislocation, could negatively affect its results of operations
due to a decrease in the fair value of the positions, as well as the loss of
revenues associated with selling such securities or loans. Further, Citigroup
routinely executes a high volume of transactions with counterparties in the
financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks and
investment funds. This has resulted in significant credit concentration with
respect to this industry.

The financial services industry faces
substantial legal liability and regulatory risks, and Citigroup may face damage
to its reputation and incur significant legal and regulatory
liability.

Citigroup faces significant legal and regulatory risks in its businesses,
and the volume of claims and amount of damages and penalties claimed in
litigation and regulatory proceedings against financial institutions remain
high. Citigroup’s experience has been that legal claims by shareholders,
regulators, customers and clients increase in a market downturn. In addition,
employment-related claims typically increase in periods when Citigroup has
reduced the total number of employees, such as during the prior two fiscal

 years. There have also
been a number of highly publicized cases involving fraud or other misconduct by
employees in the financial services industry in recent years, and Citigroup runs
the risk that employee misconduct could occur. It is not always possible to
deter or prevent employee misconduct, and the extensive precautions Citigroup
takes to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all
cases.

For further information relating to Citigroup’s legal and regulatory
risks, see “Legal Proceedings” and Note 30 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

A failure in Citigroup’s operational
systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties, could impair its
liquidity, disrupt its businesses, result in the disclosure of confidential
information, damage Citigroup’s reputation and cause
losses.

Citigroup’s businesses are highly dependent on its ability to process and
monitor, on a daily basis, a very large number of transactions, many of which
are highly complex, across numerous and diverse markets in many currencies.
These transactions, as well as the information technology services Citigroup
provides to clients, often must adhere to client-specific guidelines, as well as
legal and regulatory standards. Due to the breadth of Citigroup’s client base
and its geographical reach, developing and maintaining Citigroup’s operational
systems and infrastructure is challenging. Citigroup’s financial, account, data
processing or other operating systems and facilities may fail to operate
properly or become disabled as a result of events that are wholly or partially
beyond its control, such as a spike in transaction volume or unforeseen
catastrophic events, adversely affecting Citigroup’s ability to process these
transactions or provide these
services.

Citigroup also faces the risk of operational
failure, termination or capacity constraints of any of the clearing agents,
exchanges, clearing houses or other financial intermediaries Citigroup uses to
facilitate its transactions, and as Citigroup’s interconnectivity with its
clients grows, it increasingly faces the risk of operational failure with
respect to its clients’ systems.

In addition, Citigroup’s operations rely on
the secure processing, storage and transmission of confidential and other
information in its computer systems and networks. Although Citigroup takes
protective measures and endeavors to modify them as circumstances warrant, its
computer systems, software and networks may be vulnerable to unauthorized
access, computer viruses or other malicious code, and other events that could
have a security impact. Given the high volume of transactions at Citigroup,
certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are discovered and
rectified. If one or more of such events occurs, this could potentially
jeopardize Citigroup’s, its clients’, its counterparties’ or third parties’
confidential and other information processed and stored in, and transmitted
through, Citigroup’s computer systems and networks, or otherwise cause
interruptions or malfunctions in Citigroup’s, its clients’, its counterparties’
or third parties’ operations, which could result in significant losses or
reputational damage.

60

MANAGING GLOBAL RISK

 RISK
MANAGEMENT—OVERVIEW

Citigroup believes that effective risk management is of primary
importance to its success. Accordingly, Citigroup has a comprehensive risk
management process to monitor, evaluate and manage the principal risks it
assumes in conducting its activities. These include credit, market (including
liquidity) and operational risks (including legal and reputational exposures).
Each of credit, market and operational risk is discussed in more detail
throughout this section.

Citigroup’s risk management framework is
designed to balance corporate oversight with well-defined independent risk
management functions. Enhancements continued to be made to the risk management
framework throughout 2009 based on guiding principles established by Citi’s
Chief Risk Officer: 

 a common risk capital model to
 evaluate risks;

a defined risk appetite, aligned
 with business strategy;

accountability through a common
 framework to manage risks;

risk decisions based on
 transparent, accurate and rigorous analytics;

expertise, stature, authority and
 independence of risk managers; and

empowering risk managers to make
 decisions and escalate issues. 

     Significant focus has been placed on fostering a risk culture based on a
policy of “Taking Intelligent Risk with Shared Responsibility, Without Forsaking
Individual Accountability:”

 “Taking intelligent risk” means
 that Citi must carefully measure and aggregate risks, must appreciate
 potential downside risks, and must understand risk/return
 relationships.

“Shared responsibility” means that
 risk and business management must actively partner to own risk controls and
 influence business outcomes.

“Individual accountability” means
 that all individuals are ultimately responsible for identifying, understanding
 and managing risks. 

     The Chief Risk Officer, working closely with the Citi CEO and established
management committees, and with oversight from the Risk Management and Finance
Committee of the Board of Directors as well as the full Board of Directors, is
responsible for: 

 establishing core standards for
 the management, measurement and reporting of risk;

identifying, assessing,
 communicating and monitoring risks on a company-wide basis;

engaging with senior management
 and on a frequent basis on material matters with respect to risk-taking
 activities in the businesses and related risk management processes; and

ensuring that the risk function
 has adequate independence, authority, expertise, staffing, technology and
 resources. 

      The risk management organization is structured so as to facilitate the
management of risk across three dimensions: businesses, regions and critical
products. Each of the company’s major business groups has a Business Chief Risk
Officer who is the focal point for risk decisions, such as setting risk limits
or approving transactions in the business. There are also Regional Chief Risk
Officers, accountable for the risks in their geographic areas, who are the
primary risk contacts for the regional business heads and local regulators. In
addition, the positions of Product Chief Risk Officers were created for those
areas of critical importance to Citigroup, such as real estate, structured
products and fundamental credit. The Product Chief Risk Officers are accountable
for the risks within their specialty and focus on problem areas across
businesses and regions. The Product Chief Risk Officers serve as a resource to
the Chief Risk Officer, as well as to the Business and Regional Chief Risk
Officers, to better enable the Business and Regional Chief Risk Officers to
focus on the day-to-day management of risks and responsiveness to business
flow.

In addition to revising the risk management organization to facilitate
the management of risk across these three dimensions, the risk organization also
includes the business management team to ensure that the risk organization has
the appropriate infrastructure, processes and management reporting. This team
includes:

 the risk capital group, which
 continues to enhance the risk capital model and ensure that it is consistent
 across all our business activities;

the risk architecture group, which
 ensures the company has integrated systems and common metrics, and thereby
 allows us to aggregate and stress-test exposures across the
 institution;

the infrastructure risk group,
 which focuses on improving our operational processes across businesses and
 regions; and

the office of the Chief
 Administrative Officer, which focuses on re-engineering, risk communications
 and relationships, including our critical regulatory relationships.

61

RISK AGGREGATION AND STRESS TESTING

While Citi’s major risk areas are described
individually on the following pages, these risks also need to be reviewed and
managed in conjunction with one another and across the various
businesses. 

The Chief Risk Officer, as noted above,
monitors and controls major risk exposures and concentrations across the
organization. This means aggregating risks, within and across businesses, as
well as subjecting those risks to alternative stress scenarios in order to
assess the potential economic impact they may have on
Citigroup. 

Comprehensive stress tests are in place across
Citi for mark-to-market, available-for-sale, and accrual portfolios. These
firm-wide stress reports measure the potential impact to Citi and its component
businesses of very large changes in various types of key risk factors (e.g.,
interest rates, credit spreads), as well as the potential impact of a number of
historical and hypothetical forward-looking systemic stress
scenarios. 

Supplementing the stress testing described
above, Risk Management, working with input from the businesses and finance,
provides enhanced periodic updates to senior management on significant potential
exposures across Citigroup arising from risk concentrations (e.g., residential
real estate), financial market participants (e.g., monoline insurers), and other
systemic issues (e.g., commercial paper markets). These risk assessments are
forward-looking exercises, intended to inform senior management about the
potential economic impacts to Citi that may occur, directly or indirectly, as a
result of hypothetical scenarios, based on judgmental analysis from independent
risk managers. Risk Management also reports to the Risk Management and Finance
Committee of the Board of Directors, as well as the full Board of Directors on
these matters.

The stress testing and risk assessment
exercises are a supplement to the standard limit-setting and risk-capital
exercises described below, as these processes incorporate events in the
marketplace and within Citi that impact the firm’s outlook on the form,
magnitude, correlation and timing of identified risks that may arise. In
addition to enhancing awareness and understanding of potential exposures, the
results of these processes then serve as the starting point for developing risk
management and mitigation strategies. 

 RISK CAPITAL

Risk capital is defined as the amount of
capital required to absorb potential unexpected economic losses resulting from
extremely severe events over a one-year time period:

 “Economic losses” include losses
 that appear on the income statement 
and fair value adjustments to the financial statements, as well as
 any 
further declines in value
 not captured on the income statement.

“Unexpected losses” are the
 difference between potential extremely severe 
losses and Citigroup’s expected (average)
 loss over a one-year time period.

“Extremely severe” is defined as
 potential loss at a 99.97% confidence 
level, based on the distribution of observed events and scenario
 analysis. 

     The drivers of “economic losses” are risks, which for Citi can be broadly
categorized as credit risk (including cross-border risk), market risk (including
liquidity) and operational risk (including legal and regulatory): 

 Credit risk losses primarily
 result from a borrower’s or counterparty’s 
inability to meet its obligations.

Market risk losses arise from
 fluctuations in the market value of trading 
and non-trading positions, including the
 treatment changes in value 
resulting from fluctuations in rates.

Operational risk losses result
 from inadequate or failed internal processes, 
systems or human factors or from external
 events. 

     These
risks are measured and aggregated within businesses and across 
Citigroup to facilitate the understanding of
our exposure to extreme downside events as described under “Risk Aggregation and
Stress Testing.”
     The risk
capital framework is reviewed and enhanced on a regular basis in light of market
developments and evolving
practices.

The following is a more detailed discussion of
the principal risks Citi assumes in conducting its activities: credit, market
and operational risk. 

62

 CREDIT RISK 

Credit risk is the potential for financial
loss resulting from the failure of a borrower or counterparty to honor its
financial or contractual obligations. Credit risk arises in many of Citigroup’s
business activities, including: 

 lending;

sales and trading;

derivatives;

securities transactions;

settlement; and

when Citigroup acts as an
 intermediary. 

Loan and Credit
Overview

During
2009, Citigroup reduced its aggregate loan portfolio by $102.7 billion to $591.5
billion. In addition, Citi’s total allowance for loan losses totaled $36.0
billion at December 31, 2009, a coverage ratio of 6.09% of total loans, up from
4.27% at December 31, 2008. 

During 2009, Citigroup recorded a net build of
$8.0 billion to its credit reserves, which was $6.6 billion lower than the build
in 2008. The net build consisted of a net build of $7.6 billion for consumer
loans ($1.7 billion in RCB and $5.9
billion in 
LCL) and a net build of $0.4
billion for corporate loans (a build of $0.9 billion in 
ICG and a release of $0.5 billion in 
SAP).

     Net credit losses of $30.7 billion
during 2009 increased $11.7 billion from year-ago levels. The increase consisted
of $7.6 billion for consumer loans ($1.3 billion in 
RCB, $6.1 billion in 
LCL and $0.2 billion in 
SAP) and a net increase of $4.1 billion for
corporate loans ($0.2 billion decrease in 
ICG offset by a $4.3 billion increase in 
SAP).

Consumer non-accrual loans totaled $18.6
billion at December 31, 2009, compared to $12.6 billion at December 31, 2008.
The consumer loan 90 days past due delinquency rate was 4.82% at December 31,
2009, compared to 2.96% at December 31, 2008. The 90 days past due delinquencies
continue to rise for the first mortgage portfolio in the U.S., primarily due to
the lengthening of the foreclosure process by many states and the increasing
impact of the Home Affordable Modification Program (HAMP). Loans in the HAMP
trial modification period are reported as delinquent if the original contractual
payments are not received on time (even if the reduced payments agreed to under
the program are made by the borrower) until the loan has completed the trial
period under the program (see “Consumer Loan Modification Programs” and “U.S.
Consumer Mortgage Lending” below). The 30 to 89 days past due delinquency rate
was 3.56% at December 31, 2009, compared to 3.51% at December 31, 2008.
     Corporate non-accrual loans were
$13.5 billion at December 31, 2009, compared to $9.7 billion at December 31,
2008. The increase from the prior year is mainly due to Citi’s continued policy
of actively moving loans into non-accrual at earlier stages of anticipated
distress. Over two-thirds of the non-accrual corporate loans are current and
continue to make their contractual
payments.

For Citi’s loan accounting policies, see Note
1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

 2010 Credit
Outlook

Credit
costs will remain a significant driver of Citi’s financial performance in 2010.
Certain regions, including 
Asia

 and

Latin America

, are showing improvement in consumer credit
trends. This trend is expected to continue into 2010 as long as economic
recovery in these regions is sustained. In 
North America

,
however, credit trends will largely depend on the broader macroeconomic
environment, as well as the impact of industry factors such as CARD Act
implementation and the outcome of the HAMP, each as discussed in more detail.
Across 
North America

, a modest increase in net credit losses is
expected in the first quarter of 2010, after which there may be some slight
improvement. However, the outcome for the second half of 2010 will largely
depend on the economy, and the success of Citi’s ongoing loss mitigation
efforts. Changes to the Company’s consumer loan loss reserve balances will
continue to reflect the losses embedded in the portfolio due to underlying
credit trends, as well as the impact of forbearance
programs. 

Corporate credit is inherently difficult to
predict, and accordingly, the recognition of credit losses and changes in
reserves will be somewhat episodic. 

63

Loans
Outstanding

 In millions of dollars at year
 end

2009

2008

2007

2006

2005

 Consumer loans

 In U.S. offices

        Mortgage and real estate
 (1)

$

183,842

$

219,482

$

240,644

$

208,592

$

180,725

        Installment, revolving
 credit, and other

58,099

64,319

69,379

62,758

60,983

        Cards

28,951

44,418

46,559

48,849

44,756

        Commercial and
 industrial

5,640

7,041

7,716

7,595

6,816

        Lease financing

11

31

3,151

4,743

5,095

$

276,543

$

335,291

$

367,449

$

332,537

$

298,375

 In offices outside the
 U.S.

        Mortgage and real estate
 (1)

$

47,297

$

44,382

$

49,326

$

41,859

$

37,319

        Installment, revolving
 credit, and other

42,805

41,272

70,205

61,509

51,710

        Cards

41,493

42,586

46,176

30,745

25,856

        Commercial and
 industrial

14,780

16,814

18,422

15,750

13,529

        Lease financing

331

304

1,124

960

866

$

146,706

$

145,358

$

185,253

$

150,823

$

129,280

 Total consumer
 loans

$

423,249

$

480,649

$

552,702

$

483,360

$

427,655

 Unearned
 income

808

738

787

460

4

 Consumer loans, net of unearned
 income

$

424,057

$

481,387

$

553,489

$

483,820

$

427,659

 Corporate loans

 In U.S. offices

        Commercial and
 industrial

$

15,614

$

26,447

$

20,696

$

18,066

$

17,870

        Loans to financial
 institutions

6,947

10,200

8,778

4,126

1,235

        Mortgage and real estate
 (1)

22,560

28,043

18,403

17,476

11,349

        Installment, revolving
 credit, and other

17,737

22,050

26,539

17,051

17,853

        Lease financing

1,297

1,476

1,630

2,101

1,952

$

64,155

$

88,216

$

76,046

$

58,820

$

50,259

 In offices outside the
 U.S.

        Commercial and
 industrial

$

68,467

$

79,809

$

94,775

$

89,115

$

65,460

        Installment, revolving
 credit, and other

9,683

17,441

21,037

14,146

13,120

        Mortgage and real estate
 (1)

9,779

11,375

9,981

7,932

7,506

        Loans to financial
 institutions

15,113

18,413

20,467

21,827

16,889

        Lease financing

1,295

1,850

2,292

2,024

2,082

        Governments and official
 institutions

1,229

385

442

1,857

882

$

105,566

$

129,273

$

148,994

$

136,901

$

105,939

 Total corporate
 loans

$

169,721

$

217,489

$

225,040

$

195,721

$

156,198

 Unearned
 income

(2,274

)

(4,660

)

(536

)

(349

)

(354

)

 Corporate loans, net of unearned
 income

$

167,447

$

212,829

$

224,504

$

195,372

$

155,844

 Total loans—net of unearned
 income

$

591,504

$

694,216

$

777,993

$

679,192

$

583,503

 Allowance for
 loan losses—on drawn exposures

(36,033

)

(29,616

)

(16,117

)

(8,940

)

(9,782

)

 Total loans—net of unearned income
 and allowance for credit losses

$

555,471

$

664,600

$

761,876

$

670,252

$

573,721

 Allowance for loan losses as a
 percentage of total loans—net of

        unearned
income

6.09

%

4.27

%

2.07

%

1.32

%

1.68

%

 Allowance for consumer loan losses
 as a percentage of total consumer

        loans—net of unearned
 income

6.70

%

4.61

%

2.26

%

 Allowance for corporate loan losses
 as a percentage of total corporate

        loans—net of unearned
 income

4.56

%

3.48

%

1.61

%

(1)       Loans secured primarily by
real estate. 

64

Details of
Credit Loss Experience

 In millions of dollars at year
 end

2009

2008

2007

2006

2005

 Allowance for loan losses at
 beginning of year

$

29,616

$

16,117

$

8,940

$

9,782

$

11,269

 Provision for loan
 losses

        Consumer

$

32,418

$

27,942

$

15,660

$

6,129

$

7,149

        Corporate

6,342

5,732

1,172

191

(295

)

$

38,760

$

33,674

$

16,832

$

6,320

$

6,854

 Gross credit
losses

 Consumer

        In U.S. offices

$

17,637

$

11,624

$

5,765

$

4,413

$

5,829

        In offices outside the
 U.S.

8,834

7,172

5,165

3,932

2,964

 Corporate

 Mortgage and real estate

        In U.S. offices

592

56

1

—

—

        In offices outside the
 U.S.

151

37

3

1

—

 Governments and official institutions outside the U.S.

—

3

—

—

—

 Loans to financial
 institutions

        In U.S. offices

274

—

—

—

—

        In offices outside the
 U.S.

246

463

69

6

10

 Commercial and industrial

        In U.S. offices

3,299

627

635

85

78

        In offices outside the
 U.S.

1,751

778

226

203

287

$

32,784

$

20,760

$

11,864

$

8,640

$

9,168

 Credit recoveries

 Consumer

        In U.S. offices

$

576

$

585

$

695

$

646

$

1,007

        In offices outside the
 U.S.

1,089

1,050

966

897

693

 Corporate

 Mortgage and real estate

        In U.S. offices

3

—

3

5

—

        In offices outside the
 U.S.

1

1

—

18

5

 Governments and official institutions outside the U.S.

—

—

4

7

55

 Loans to financial
 institutions

        In U.S. offices

—

—

—

—

—

        In offices outside the
 U.S.

11

2

1

4

15

 Commercial and industrial

        In U.S. offices

276

6

49

20

104

        In offices outside the
 U.S.

87

105

220

182

473

$

2,043

$

1,749

$

1,938

$

1,779

$

2,352

 Net credit losses

        In U.S. offices

$

20,947

$

11,716

$

5,654

$

3,827

$

4,796

        In offices outside the
 U.S.

9,794

7,295

4,272

3,034

2,020

 Total

$

30,741

$

19,011

$

9,926

$

6,861

$

6,816

 Other—net (1)

$

(1,602

)

$

(1,164

)

$

271

$

(301

)

$

(1,525

)

 Allowance for loan losses at end of
 year

$

36,033

$

29,616

$

16,117

$

8,940

$

9,782

 Allowance for
 unfunded lending commitments (2)

$

1,157

$

887

$

1,250

$

1,100

$

850

 Total allowance for loans, leases
 and unfunded lending commitments

$

37,190

$

30,503

$

17,367

$

10,040

$

10,632

 Net consumer credit losses

$

24,806

$

17,161

$

9,269

$

6,802

$

7,093

 As a
 percentage of average consumer loans

5.44

%

3.34

%

1.87

%

1.52

%

1.76

%

 Net corporate credit losses (recoveries)

$

5,935

$

1,850

$

657

$

59

$

(277

)

 As a
 percentage of average corporate loans

3.12

%

0.84

%

0.30

%

0.05

%

NM

 Allowance for loan losses at end of
 period (3)

 Citicorp

$

10,066

$

7,684

$

4,910

 Citi
 Holdings

25,967

21,932

11,207

 Total
 Citigroup

$

36,033

$

29,616

$

16,117

 (1)       

2009
 primarily includes reductions to the loan loss reserve of approximately
 $543 million related to securitizations, approximately $402 million
 related to the sale or transfers to held-for-sale of U.S. real estate
 lending loans, and $562 million related to the transfer of the U.K. cards
 portfolio to held-for-sale. 2008 primarily includes reductions to the loan
 loss reserve of approximately $800 million related to FX translation, $102
 million related to securitizations, $244 million for the sale of the
 German retail banking operation, $156 million for the sale of CitiCapital,
 partially offset by additions of $106 million related to the Cuscatlán and
 Bank of Overseas Chinese acquisitions. 2007 primarily includes reductions
 to the loan loss reserve of $475 million related to securitizations and
 transfers to loans held-for-sale, and reductions of $83 million related to
 the transfer of the U.K. CitiFinancial portfolio to held-for-sale, offset
 by additions of $610 million related to the acquisitions of Egg, Nikko
 Cordial, Grupo Cuscatlán and Grupo Financiero Uno. 2006 primarily includes
 reductions to the loan-loss reserve of $429 million related to
 securitizations and portfolio sales and the addition of $84 million
 related to the acquisition of the CrediCard portfolio. 2005 primarily
 includes reductions to the loan loss reserve of $584 million related to
 securitizations and portfolio sales, a reduction of $110 million related
 to purchase accounting adjustments from the KorAm acquisition, and a
 reduction of $90 million from the sale of CitiCapital’s transportation
 portfolio.

 (2)

Represents
 additional credit loss reserves for unfunded lending commitments and
 letters of credit recorded in Other
 Liabilities on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

 (3)

Allowance
 for loan losses represents management’s best estimate of probable losses
 inherent in the portfolio, as well as probable losses related to large
 individually evaluated impaired loans and troubled debt restructurings.
 See “Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates.”
 Attribution of the allowance is made for analytical purposes only, and the
 entire allowance is available to absorb probable credit losses inherent in
 the overall portfolio.

65

Non-Accrual
Assets

The table
below summarizes Citigroup’s view of non-accrual loans as of the periods
indicated. Non-accrual loans are loans in which the borrower has fallen behind
in interest payments or, for corporate loans, where Citi has determined that the
payment of interest or principal is doubtful, and which are therefore considered
impaired. Consistent with industry conventions, Citi generally accrues interest
on credit card loans until such loans are charged-off, which typically occurs at
180 days contractual delinquency. As such, the non-accrual loan disclosures in
this section do not include credit card loans. As discussed under “Accounting
Policies” in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, in situations
where Citi reasonably expects that only a portion of the principal and interest
owed will ultimately be collected, all payments received are reflected as a
reduction of principal and not as interest income. There is no industry-wide
definition of non-accrual assets, however, and as such, analysis against the
industry is not always comparable.

As discussed under “Loan and Credit Overview,”
Citigroup has been actively moving corporate loans into the non-accrual category
at earlier stages of anticipated distress. Corporate non-accrual loans may still
be current on interest payments, however, and as of December 31, 2009, over
two-thirds of the total portfolio of non-accrual corporate loans are current and
continue to make their contractual payments. 

Non-accrual loans

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

2006

2005

 Citicorp

$

4,968

$

3,193

$

2,027

$

1,141

$

1,136

 Citi
 Holdings

27,216

19,104

6,941

3,906

3,888

        Total non-accrual loans
 (NAL)

$

32,184

$

22,297

$

8,968

$

5,047

$

5,024

 Corporate non-accrual loans(1)

 North America

$

5,621

$

2,660

$

291

$

68

$

91

 EMEA

6,308

6,330

1,152

128

297

 Latin America

569

229

119

152

246

 Asia

1,047

513

103

88

272

$

13,545

$

9,732

$

1,665

$

436

$

906

Citicorp

$

2,925

$

1,364

$

247

$

133

$

319

Citi Holdings

10,620

8,368

1,418

303

587

$

13,545

$

9,732

$

1,665

$

436

$

906

 Consumer non-accrual loans(1)

 North America

$

15,555

$

9,617

$

4,841

$

3,139

$

2,860

 EMEA

1,159

948

696

441

396

 Latin America

1,340

1,290

1,133

643

523

 Asia

585

710

633

388

339

$

18,639

$

12,565

$

7,303

$

4,611

$

4,118

Citicorp

$

2,043

$

1,829

$

1,780

$

1,008

$

817

Citi Holdings

16,596

10,736

5,523

3,603

3,301

$

18,639

$

12,565

$

7,303

$

4,611

$

4,118

 (1)       

Excludes
 purchased distressed loans as they are generally accreting interest. The
 carrying value of these loans was $920 million at December 31, 2009,
 $1.510 billion at December 31, 2008, $2.373 billion at December 31, 2007,
 $949 million at December 31, 2006, and $1.120 billion at December 31,
 2005.

66

Non-Accrual
Assets (continued)

The table below summarizes Citigroup’s other real estate owned (OREO)
assets. This represents the carrying value of all property acquired by
foreclosure or other legal proceedings when Citi has taken possession of the
collateral. 

 OREO

2009

2008

2007

2006

2005

 Citicorp

$

148

$

371

$

541

$

342

$

209

 Citi
 Holdings

1,341

1,022

679

358

219

 Corporate/Other

11

40

8

1

1

        Total
 OREO

$

1,500

$

1,433

$

1,228

$

701

$

429

 North America

$

1,294

$

1,349

$

1,168

$

640

$

392

 EMEA

121

66

40

35

21

 Latin America

45

16

17

19

12

 Asia

40

2

3

7

4

$

1,500

$

1,433

$

1,228

$

701

$

429

 Other repossessed assets (1)

$

73

$

78

$

99

$

75

$

62

 (1)       

 Primarily
 transportation equipment, carried at lower of cost or fair value, less
 costs to sell.

 Non-accrual assets—Total
 Citigroup

2009

2008

2007

2006

2005

 Corporate non-accrual
 loans

$

13,545

$

9,732

$

1,665

$

436

$

906

 Consumer
 non-accrual loans

18,639

12,565

7,303

4,611

4,118

        Non-accrual loans
 (NAL)

$

32,184

$

22,297

$

8,968

$

5,047

$

5,024

 OREO

$

1,500

$

1,433

$

1,228

$

701

$

429

 Other
 repossessed assets

73

78

99

75

62

        Non-accrual assets
 (NAA)

$

33,757

$

23,808

$

10,295

$

5,823

$

5,515

 NAL as a percentage of total
 loans

5.44

%

3.21

%

1.15

%

 NAA as a percentage of total assets

1.82

%

1.23

%

0.47

%

 Allowance for
 loan losses as a percentage of NAL (1)(2)

112

%

133

%

180

%

 (1)       

The $6.403
 billion of non-accrual loans transferred from the held-for-sale portfolio
 to the held-for-investment portfolio during the fourth quarter of
 2008 were marked-to-market at the transfer date and, therefore, no
 allowance was necessary at the time of the transfer. $2.426 billion of the
 par value of the loans reclassified was written off prior to
 transfer.

 (2) 

The
 allowance for loan losses includes the allowance for credit card and
 purchased distressed loans, while the non-accrual loans exclude credit
 card balances and purchased distressed loans as these continue to accrue
 interest until write-off.

 Non-accrual assets—Total
 Citicorp

2009

2008

2007

2006

2005

 Non-accrual loans (NAL)

$

4,968

$

3,193

$

2,027

$

1,141

$

1,136

 OREO

148

371

541

342

209

 Other
 repossessed assets

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

        Non-accrual assets
 (NAA)

$

5,116

$

3,564

$

2,568

$

1,483

$

1,345

 NAA as a percentage of total
 assets

0.47

%

0.36

%

0.21

%

 Allowance for
 loan losses as a percentage of NAL (1)

203

%

241

%

242

%

 Non-accrual assets—Total Citi
 Holdings

 Non-accrual loans (NAL)

$

27,216

$

19,104

$

6,941

$

3,906

$

3,888

 OREO

1,341

1,022

679

358

219

 Other
 repossessed assets

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

        Non-accrual assets
 (NAA)

$

28,557

$

20,126

$

7,620

$

4,264

$

4,107

 NAA as a percentage of total
 assets

5.22

%

2.81

%

0.86

%

 Allowance
 for loan losses as a percentage of NAL (1)

95

%

115

%

161

%

 (1)       

 The allowance
 for loan losses includes the allowance for credit card and purchased
 distressed loans, while the non-accrual loans exclude credit card balances
 and purchased distressed loans as these continue to accrue interest
 until write-off.

N/A Not available
at the Citicorp or Citi Holdings level.

Renegotiated Loans

 In millions of dollars at year
 end

2009

2008

2007

 Renegotiated loans (1)(2)

 In U.S. offices

$

13,246

$

10,031

$

5,540

 In offices
 outside the U.S.

3,017

1,755

1,176

$

16,263

$

11,786

$

6,716

 (1)       

Smaller-balance, homogeneous renegotiated loans were derived
 from Citi’s risk
 management systems.

 (2)

Also
 includes Corporate and Commercial Business
loans.

67

 Foregone Interest Revenue on Loans (1)

In non-

In U.S.

U.S.

2009

 In millions of
 dollars

offices

offices

total

 Interest revenue that would have
 been accrued at

        original contractual
 rates (2)

$

1,902

$

1,257

$

3,159

 Amount recognized
 as interest revenue (2)

797

267

1,064

 Foregone interest
 revenue

$

1,105

$

990

$

2,095

 (1)       

Relates to
 corporate non-accrual, renegotiated loans and consumer loans on which
 accrual of interest had been suspended.

 (2)

Interest
 revenue in offices outside the U.S. may reflect prevailing local interest
 rates, including the effects of inflation and monetary correction in
 certain countries.

Loan Maturities and Fixed/Variable
Pricing Corporate Loans

Due

Over 1 year

within

but within

Over 5

 In millions of dollars at year
 end

1 year

5 years

years

Total

 Corporate loan
 portfolio

        maturities

 In U.S. offices

        Commercial
 and

               industrial
 loans

$

8,661

$

4,944

$

3,073

$

16,678

        Financial
 institutions

4,516

2,577

1,602

8,695

        Mortgage
 and real estate

10,255

5,854

3,639

19,748

        Lease
 financing

674

384

239

1,297

        Installment,
 revolving

               credit,
 other

9,211

5,257

3,269

17,737

 In offices outside the
 U.S.

56,997

30,674

17,895

105,566

 Total corporate
 loans

$

90,314

$

49,690

$

29,717

$

169,721

 Fixed/variable pricing
 of

        corporate loans
 with

        maturities due after
 one

        year
 (1)

 Loans at fixed interest
 rates

$

13,702

$

8,878

 Loans at floating or adjustable

        interest
 rates

35,988

20,839

 Total

$

49,690

$

29,717

 (1)       

Based on
 contractual terms. Repricing characteristics may effectively be modified
 from time to time using derivative contracts. See Note 24 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements.

 U.S. Consumer First and Second
Residential Mortgage Loans

Due

Over 1 year

within

but within

Over 5

 In millions of dollars at year
 end

1 year

5 years

years

Total

 U.S. consumer
 mortgage

        loan portfolio
 type

        First
 mortgages

$

19,220

$

25,544

$

82,497

$

127,262

        Second
 mortgages

302

3,875

52,404

56,580

 Total

$

19,522

$

29,419

$

134,901

$

183,842

 Fixed/variable pricing
 of

        U.S.
 consumer

        mortgage loans
 with

        maturities due after
 one

        year

 Loans at fixed interest rates

$

1,477

$

93,604

 Loans at floating or
 adjustable

        interest
 rates

27,942

41,296

 Total

$

29,419

$

134,901

68

[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT
BLANK]

69

Consumer
Loan Delinquency Amounts and Ratios

Total

loans

 (1)

90+ days past due

 (2)

30-89 days past
due

 (2)

Dec.

December 31,

 In millions of dollars, except EOP
 loan amounts in billions

2009

2009

2008

2007

2009

2008

2007

 Citicorp

 Total

$

124.7

$

1,935

$

1,710

$

1,545

$

2,325

$

2,567

$

2,151

        Ratio

1.55

%

1.41

1.19

%

1.86

%

2.11

%

1.65

%

 Retail Bank

        Total

80.7

789

584

500

1,011

1,111

856

               Ratio

0.98

%

0.77

%

0.62

%

1.25

%

1.46

%

1.07

%

North America

7.2

107

84

31

82

100

34

               Ratio

1.49

%

1.29

%

1.41

%

1.14

%

1.54

%

1.55

%

EMEA

5.2

60

47

30

203

194

122

               Ratio

1.15

%

0.75

%

0.45

%

3.90

%

3.08

%

1.82

%

Latin America

18.2

382

239

229

300

261

297

               Ratio

2.10

%

1.52

%

1.44

%

1.65

%

1.66

%

1.87

%

Asia

50.1

240

214

210

426

556

403

               Ratio

0.48

%

0.45

%

0.38

%

0.85

%

1.17

%

0.73

%

 Citi-Branded Cards (3)

        Total

44.0

1,146

1,126

1,045

1,314

1,456

1,295

               Ratio

2.60

%

2.47

%

2.09

%

2.98

%

3.20

%

2.59

%

North America

11.1

238

263

221

251

277

242

               Ratio

2.14

%

1.84

%

1.33

%

2.26

%

1.94

%

1.46

%

EMEA

3.0

80

36

21

135

118

87

               Ratio

2.67

%

1.28

%

0.84

%

4.50

%

4.21

%

3.48

%

Latin America

12.2

555

566

554

558

636

606

               Ratio

4.55

%

4.80

%

3.85

%

4.57

%

5.39

%

4.21

%

Asia

17.7

273

261

249

370

425

360

               Ratio

1.54

%

1.57

%

1.50

%

2.09

%

2.56

%

2.17

%

 Citi Holdings—Local Consumer
 Lending (4)

        Total

293.4

17,793

12,027

7,439

12,258

13,743

10,961

               Ratio

6.26

%

3.51

%

1.99

%

4.31

%

4.01

%

2.93

%

        International

33.1

1,345

1,152

773

1,467

1,830

1,539

               Ratio

4.06

%

2.68

%

1.56

%

4.43

%

4.26

%

3.10

%

North America

retail partners
 cards (3)

18.9

851

1,017

656

948

1,343

975

               Ratio

4.50

%

3.38

%

2.19

%

5.02

%

4.46

%

3.26

%

North America

(excluding
 cards)

241.4

15,597

9,858

6,010

9,843

10,570

8,447

               Ratio

6.71

%

3.65

%

2.02

%

4.24

%

3.91

%

2.84

%

 Total Citigroup (excluding Special Asset Pool) 
(4)

$

418.1

$

19,728

$

13,737

$

8,984

$

14,583

$

16,310

$

13,112

        Ratio

4.82

%

2.96

%

1.78

%

3.56

%

3.51

%

2.60

%

 (1)       

Total loans
 exclude interest and fees on credit cards.

 (2)

The ratios
 of 90 days or more past due and 30-89 days past due are calculated based
 on end-of-period loans.

 (3)

The 90 days
 or more past due balances for Citi-branded cards and retail partners cards
 are generally still accruing interest. Citigroup’s policy is generally to
 accrue interest on credit card loans until 180 days past due, unless
 notification of bankruptcy filing has been received earlier.

 (4)

The 90 or
 more and 30-89 days past due and related ratio for 
North America LCL

(excluding
 cards) excludes U.S. mortgage loans that are guaranteed by U.S.
 government-sponsored agencies since the potential loss predominantly
 resides within the U.S. agencies. The amounts excluded for loans 90+days
 past due and (end-of-period loans) for each period are: $5.4 billion ($9.0
 billion), $3.0 billion ($6.2 billion), and $1.8 billion ($3.3 billion) as
 of December 31, 2009, December 31, 2008 and December 31, 2007,
 respectively. The amounts excluded for loans 30-89 days past due
 (end-of-period loans have the same adjustment as above) for each period
 are: $1.0 billion, $0.6 billion, and $0.4 billion, as of December 31,
 2009, December 31, 2008, and December 31, 2007,
 respectively.

70

Consumer
Loan Net Credit Losses and Ratios

Average

loans

(1)

Net credit losses

 (2)

 In millions of dollars, except
 average loan amounts in billions

2009

2009

2008

2007

 Citicorp

 Total

$

119.8

$

5,356

$

4,024

$

2,390

        Ratio

4.47

%

3.15

%

2.08

%

 Retail Bank

        Total

76.3

1,515

1,158

466

               Ratio

1.98

%

1.43

%

0.65

%

        North America

7.2

309

145

68

               Ratio

4.29

%

3.54

%

3.40

%

        EMEA

5.6

302

160

72

               Ratio

5.44

%

2.39

%

1.33

%

        Latin America

16.6

515

488

146

               Ratio

3.10

%

2.89

%

1.07

%

        Asia

46.9

389

365

180

               Ratio

0.83

%

0.69

%

0.36

%

 Citi-Branded Cards

        Total

43.5

3,841

2,866

1,924

               Ratio

8.84

%

6.11

%

4.43

%

        North America

12.5

842

470

382

               Ratio

6.75

%

3.62

%

2.58

%

        EMEA

2.8

185

77

41

               Ratio

6.55

%

2.75

%

2.16

%

        Latin America

11.7

1,920

1,717

1,043

               Ratio

16.48

%

12.18

%

8.48

%

        Asia

16.5

894

602

458

               Ratio

5.42

%

3.54

%

3.16

%

 Citi Holdings—Local Consumer
 Lending

        Total

325.3

19,237

13,151

6,790

               Ratio

5.91

%

3.56

%

1.90

%

        International

39.1

3,576

2,835

2,227

               Ratio

9.15

%

5.86

%

4.95

%

        North America

retail partners
 cards

24.8

3,485

2,454

1,639

               Ratio

14.07

%

8.26

%

5.77

%

        North America

(excluding
 cards)

261.4

12,176

7,862

2,924

               Ratio

4.66

%

2.70

%

1.03

%

 Total Citigroup (excluding Special Asset Pool)

$

445.1

$

24,593

$

17,175

$

9,180

        Ratio

5.53

%

3.45

%

1.94

%

 (1)       

Total
 average loans exclude interest and fees on credit cards.

 (2)

The ratios
 of net credit losses are calculated based on average loans, net of
 unearned income.

71

 Consumer
Loan Modification Programs

Citigroup has instituted a variety of
modification programs to assist borrowers with financial difficulties. These
programs include modifying the original loan terms, reducing interest rates,
extending the remaining loan duration and/or waiving a portion of the remaining
principal balance. Citi’s programs consist of the U.S. Treasury’s Home
Affordable Modification Program (HAMP), as well as short-term forbearance and
long-term modification programs, each summarized
below.

HAMP

. The HAMP is
designed to reduce monthly mortgage payments to a 31% housing debt ratio by
lowering the interest rate, extending the term of the loan and forbearing
principal of certain eligible borrowers who have defaulted on their mortgages or
who are at risk of imminent default due to economic hardship. In order to be
entitled to loan modifications, borrowers must complete a three- to five-month
trial period, make the agreed payments and provide the required documentation.
Effective June 1, 2010, documentation must be provided prior to beginning the
trial period, whereas prior to that date, it was required to be provided before
the end of the trial period. This change generally means that Citi will
be able to verify income up front for potential HAMP participants before
they begin making lower monthly payments. We believe this change will limit the
number of borrowers who ultimately fall out from the trials and potentially
mitigate the impact of HAMP trial participants on early bucket delinquency
data.

During the trial period, Citi requires that
the original terms of the loans remain in effect pending completion of the
modification. As of December 31, 2009, approximately $7.1 billion of first
mortgages were enrolled in the HAMP trial period, while $300 million have
successfully completed the trial period. Upon completion of the trial period,
the terms of the loan are contractually modified, and it is accounted for as a
“troubled debt restructuring” (see “Long-Term Programs” below). For additional
information on HAMP, see “U.S. Consumer Lending—Mortgage Lending”
below.

Short-term programs

. Citigroup has also instituted interest rate reduction programs
(primarily in the United States) to assist borrowers experiencing temporary
hardships. These programs include short-term (12 months or less) interest rate
reductions and deferrals of past due payments. The loan volume under these
short-term programs increased significantly during 2009, and loan loss reserves
for these loans have been enhanced, giving consideration to the higher risk
associated with those borrowers and reflecting the estimated future credit
losses for those loans. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements
for a further discussion of the allowance for loan losses for such modified
loans.

The following table presents the amounts of
gross loans modified under short-term interest rate reduction programs in the
U.S. as of December 31, 2009:

December 31,
 2009

 In millions of
 dollars

Accrual

Non-accrual

 Mortgage and real estate

$

7,087

$

398

 Cards

813

—

 Installment
 and other

1,734

29

Long-term
programs

. Long-term
modification programs, or “troubled debt restructurings” (TDRs), occur when the
terms of a loan have been modified due to the borrowers’ financial difficulties
and a long-term concession has been granted to the borrower. Substantially all
programs in place provide permanent interest rate reductions. Valuation
allowances for TDRs are determined by comparing estimated cash flows of the
loans discounted at the loans’ original contractual interest rates to the
carrying value of the loans. See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for a further discussion of the allowance for loan losses for such
modified loans.

The following table presents the amounts of
gross loans related to these TDRs as of December 31, 2009 and 2008:

December 31

Accrual

Non-accrual

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2009

2008

 Mortgage and real estate

$8,654

$4,364

$1,413

$207

 Cards

2,303

1,054

150

41

 Installment
 and other

3,128

2,345

250

141

     Payment deferrals that do not continue to accrue interest primarily occur
in the U.S. residential mortgage business. Other payment deferrals continue to
accrue interest and are not deemed to offer concessions to the customer. Other
types of concessions are not material.
     As discussed in more detail in “U.S.
Consumer Lending—Mortgage Lending” and “U.S. Consumer Lending—North America
Cards” below, the measurement of the success of Citi’s loan modification
programs varies by program objectives, type of loan, geography, and other
factors. Citigroup uses a variety of metrics to evaluate success, including
re-default rates and balance reduction trends. These metrics may be compared
against the performance of similarly situated customers who did not receive
concessions.

72

 U.S.
CONSUMER LENDINGMortgage Lending

Overview

Citi’s North
America consumer mortgage portfolio consists of both first lien and
second lien mortgages. As of December 31, 2009, the first lien mortgage
portfolio in 
LCL totaled approximately
$118 billion while the second lien mortgage portfolio in 
LCL was approximately $54 billion. Although
the majority of the mortgage portfolio is managed by 
LCL within Citi Holdings, there are $0.5
billion of first lien mortgages and $1.7 billion of second lien mortgages
reported in Citicorp. Additionally, as mentioned above, in the first quarter of
2010, approximately $34 billion of U.S. mortgages will be transferred from 
LCL within Citi Holdings to 
NA RCB within
Citicorp.

Citi’s first lien mortgage portfolio includes
$9.0 billion of loans with Federal Housing Administration or Veterans
Administration guarantees. These portfolios consist of loans originated to
low-to-moderate-income borrowers with lower FICO (Fair Isaac Corporation) scores
and generally have higher loan-to-value ratios (LTVs). These loans have high
delinquency rates but, given the guarantees, Citi has experienced negligible
credit losses on these loans. The first lien mortgage portfolio also includes
$1.8 billion of loans with LTVs above 80%, which have insurance through private
mortgage insurance (PMI) companies, and $3.5 billion of loans subject to
Long-Term Standby Commitments1 with U.S. government
sponsored enterprises (GSE), for which Citi has limited exposure to credit
losses.

     The
following charts detail the quarterly trends in delinquencies and net credit
losses for Citi’s first and second North
America consumer mortgage
portfolios. 

For first mortgages, both delinquencies and
net credit losses are impacted by the HAMP trial loans in the U.S. mortgage
portfolio. As set forth in the first chart, first mortgage delinquencies rates
continued to increase in 2009, exacerbated in part by the reduction in loan
balances. The continued increase in first mortgage delinquencies during the
third and fourth quarters of 2009 was primarily attributable to both the
growing backlog of foreclosures in process and HAMP
modifications.

The growing amount of foreclosures in process,
which is related to an industry-wide phenomenon resulting from foreclosure
moratoria and other efforts to prevent or forestall foreclosure, have specific
implications on the portfolio:

 It tends to inflate the amount of
 180+ day delinquencies in our mortgage 
statistics.

It can result in increasing levels
 of consumer non-accrual loans, as we are 
unable to take possession of the underlying
 assets and sell these properties 
on a timely basis.

It may have a dampening effect on
 NIM as non-accrual assets build on 
the Company’s balance sheet. 

      As discussed in “Consumer Loan Modification Programs” above,
Citigroup offers short-term and long-term real estate loan modification
programs. Citi monitors the performance of its real estate loan modification
programs by tracking credit loss rates by vintage. At 18 months after modifying
an account, in Citi’s experience to date, we typically reduce credit loss rates
by approximately one-third compared to similar accounts that were not
modified.

     Currently, Citi’s
efforts are concentrated on the HAMP. Contractual modifications of loans that
successfully completed the HAMP trial period began in September 2009;
accordingly, this is the earliest HAMP vintage available for comparison. While
early indications of the performance of these HAMP modifications are
encouraging, Citi remains cautious and will continue to monitor the performance
of these HAMP and non-HAMP modification programs and their impact on reducing
Citi’s credit losses. 

As previously disclosed, loans in the HAMP
trial modification period that do not make their original contractual payment
are reported as delinquent, even if the reduced payments agreed to under the
program are made by the borrower. Further, HAMP trial modifications have the
effect of marginally reducing our net credit losses and increasing our required
loan loss reserves. Specifically, the HAMP impacted Citi’s net credit losses in
the first mortgage portfolio during the third and fourth quarters of 2009 as
loans in the trial period are not charged off at 180 DPD as long as they have
made at least one payment. Citigroup has increased its loan loss provisions to
appropriately reserve for this
risk. 

Citigroup believes that the success rate of
the HAMP will be a key factor influencing net credit losses from delinquent
first mortgage loans, at least during the first half of 2010, and the outcome of
the program will largely depend on the success rates of borrowers completing the
trial period and meeting the documentation
requirements.

By contrast, second mortgages continue to show
positive trends in both net credit losses and delinquencies, reflecting the
impact of portfolio re-positioning and loss mitigation. Citi continues to
actively manage this exposure by reducing the riskiest accounts, including by
tightening credit requirements through higher FICOs, lower LTVs,
and increased documentation and verifications. As discussed under “Risk
Factors,” Citigroup is actively engaged in discussions with the U.S. Treasury
for the second lien program under HAMP.

 1

A Long-Term
 Standby Commitment (LTSC) is a structured transaction in which Citi
 transfers the credit risk of certain eligible loans to an investor in
 exchange for a fee. These loans remain on balance sheet unless they reach
 a certain delinquency level (between 120 and 180 days), in which case the
 LTSC investor is required to buy the loan at
par.

73

 First
 Mortgages

Note: Includes loans for Canada
 and Puerto Rico. Excludes loans that are guaranteed by U.S. government
 sponsored agencies.

 Second Mortgages

Note: Includes loans for Canada
 and Puerto Rico.

74

      Data appearing in the tables below
have been sourced from Citigroup’s risk systems and, as such, may not reconcile
with disclosures elsewhere generally due to differences in methodology or
variations in the manner in which information is captured. Citi has noted such
variations in instances where it believes they could be material to reconcile
the information presented elsewhere. 

     Citi’s credit risk policy is not to
offer option ARMs/negative amortizing mortgage products to its customers. As a
result, option ARMs/negative amortizing mortgages represent an insignificant
portion of total balances that were acquired only incidentally as part of prior
portfolio and business purchases.

A portion of loans in the U.S. mortgage
portfolio currently requires a payment to satisfy only the current accrued
interest for the payment period, or an interest-only payment. Our mortgage
portfolio includes approximately $28 billion of first and second lien home
equity lines of credit (HELOCs) that are still within their revolving period and
have not commenced amortization. The interest-only payment feature during the
revolving period is standard for the HELOC product across the industry. The
first mortgage portfolio contains approximately $33 billion of mostly adjustable
rate mortgages (ARMs) that are currently required to make an interest-only
payment. These loans will be required to make a fully amortizing payment upon
expiration of their interest-only payment period, and most will do so within a
few years of origination. Borrowers that are currently required to make an
interest-only payment cannot select a lower payment that would negatively
amortize the loan. First mortgage loans with this payment feature are primarily
to high-credit-quality borrowers that have on average significantly higher
refreshed FICO scores than other loans in the first mortgage
portfolio.

Loan
balances

First mortgages—Loan
balances.

 As a consequence
of the difficult economic environment and the decrease in housing prices, LTV
and FICO scores have deteriorated since origination as depicted in the table
below. On a refreshed basis, approximately 28% of first lien mortgages had a LTV
ratio above 100%, compared to approximately 0% at origination. Approximately 30%
of the first lien mortgages had FICO scores less than 620 on a refreshed basis,
compared to 15% at origination. One half of the first lien mortgages with
refreshed LTV ratios above 100% have refreshed FICO scores greater than 660; 90
+ DPD rates for this portion of the portfolio were 2.8%. 

 Balances:
December 31, 2009—First Lien
Mortgages

 AT

FICO≥660

620≤FICO<660

FICO<
620

 ORIGINATION

 LTV ≤
 80%

59%

6%

7%

 80% < LTV ≤

100%

13%

7%

8%

 LTV > 100%

NM

NM

NM

 REFRESHED

FICO≥660

620≤

FICO

FICO<620

<660

 LTV ≤
 80%

30%

4%

10%

 80% < LTV ≤

100%

16%

3%

9%

 LTV > 100%

14%

3%

11%

Note: NM – 
Not
meaningful. First lien mortgage table excludes loans in Canada and Puerto Rico.
Table excludes loans guaranteed by U.S. government sponsored agencies and loans
subject to LTSCs. Table also excludes $2.0 billion from At Origination balances
and $1.0 billion from Refreshed balances for which FICO or LTV data were
unavailable. Balances exclude deferred fees/costs. Refreshed FICO scores based
on updated credit scores obtained from Fair Isaac Corporation. Refreshed LTV
ratios are derived from data at origination updated using mainly the
Case-Shiller Home Price Index or the Federal Housing Finance Agency Price Index.

Second mortgages—Loan
balances.

 In the second
lien mortgage portfolio, the majority of loans are in the higher FICO
categories. The challenging economic conditions have caused a migration towards
lower FICO scores and higher LTV ratios. Approximately 42% of that portfolio had
refreshed loan-to-value ratios above 100%, compared to approximately 0% at
origination. Approximately 18% of second lien mortgages had FICO scores less
than 620 on a refreshed basis, compared to 4% at origination. Over two thirds of
the second lien loans with LTV ratios greater than 100% had refreshed FICO
scores greater than 660; 90+ DPD rates for this portion of the portfolio were
0.4%.

75

 Balances:
December 31, 2009—Second Lien Mortgages

 AT

FICO ≥
 660

620 ≤
 FICO

FICO <

620

 ORIGINATION

<660

 LTV ≤
 80%

48%

2%

2%

 80% < LTV ≤

100%

43%

3%

2%

 LTV > 100%

NM

NM

NM

 REFRESHED

FICO ≥
 660

620 ≤

FICO

FICO<620

<660

 LTV ≤
 80%

23%

1%

3%

 80% < LTV ≤

100%

23%

2%

5%

 LTV > 100%

29%

4%

10%

Note: NM—Not
meaningful. Second lien mortgage table excludes loans in Canada and Puerto Rico.
Table excludes loans subject to LTSCs. Table also excludes $1.7 billion from At
Origination balances and $0.8 billion from Refreshed balances for which FICO or
LTV data were unavailable. Refreshed FICO scores, based on updated credit scores
obtained from Fair Isaac Corporation. Refreshed LTV ratios are derived from data
at origination updated using mainly the Case-Shiller Home Price Index or the
Federal Housing Finance Agency Price Index. 

Delinquencies

The tables below provide delinquency
statistics for loans 90+DPD, as a percentage of outstandings in each of the
FICO/LTV combinations, in both the first lien and second lien mortgage
portfolios. For example, loans with FICO ≥ 660 and LTV 
≤ 80% at
origination have a 90+DPD rate of 7.9%.

     Loans with FICO scores of less than
620 exhibit significantly higher delinquencies than in any other FICO band.
Similarly, loans with LTVs greater than 100% have higher delinquencies than LTVs
of less than or equal to 100%.

The first mortgage delinquencies continued to
rise during 2009. Further breakout of the FICO below 620 segment indicates that
delinquencies in this segment, on a refreshed basis, are about three times
higher than in the overall first mortgage portfolio. 

Delinquencies: 90+DPD Rates—First Lien
Mortgages

 AT

FICO ≥
 660

620 ≤
 FICO

FICO <

620

 ORIGINATION

<660

 LTV ≤
 80%

7.9%

13.1%

14.0%

 80% < LTV ≤

100%

10.2%

17.3%

20.7%

 LTV > 100%

NM

NM

NM

 REFRESHED

FICO ≥
 660

620 ≤

FICO

FICO < 620

<660

 LTV ≤
 80%

0.3%

3.8%

18.0%

 80% < LTV ≤

100%

0.8%

8.5%

27.3%

 LTV > 100%

2.8%

23.3%

42.0%

Note: NM—Not
meaningful. 90+DPD rates are based on balances referenced in the tables
above.

 Delinquencies: 90+DPD Rates—Second Lien
Mortgages

 AT

FICO ≥ 
660

620 ≤
 FICO

FICO <

620

 ORIGINATION

<660

 LTV ≤
 80%

1.5%

4.2%

5.6%

 80% < LTV ≤

100%

4.2%

5.3%

7.6%

 LTV > 100%

NM

NM

NM

 REFRESHED

FICO ≥
 660

620 ≤

FICO

FICO < 620

<660

 LTV ≤
 80%

0.0%

0.7%

8.5%

 80% < LTV ≤

100%

0.1%

1.3%

9.8%

 LTV > 100%

0.4%

4.5%

19.3%

Note: NM—Not
meaningful. 90+DPD rates are based on balances referenced in the tables
above.

Origination
channel, geographic distribution and origination
vintage

The
following tables detail Citi’s first and second lien U.S. consumer mortgage
portfolio by origination channel, geographic distribution and origination
vintage. 

By origination
channel 

Citi’s
U.S. consumer mortgage portfolio has been originated from three main channels:
retail, broker and correspondent. 

 Retail: loans originated through a
 direct relationship with the borrower.

Broker: loans originated through a
 mortgage broker, where Citi 
underwrites the loan directly with the borrower.

Correspondent: loans originated
 and funded by a third party, where Citi 
purchases the closed loans after the
 correspondent has funded the loan. 
This channel includes loans acquired in large bulk purchases from
 other 
mortgage originators
 primarily in 2006 and 2007. Such bulk purchases 
were discontinued in 2007. 

First Lien
Mortgages: December 31, 2009

As of December 31, 2009, approximately 55% of
the first lien mortgage portfolio was originated through third-party channels.
Given that loans originated through correspondents have exhibited higher 90+DPD
delinquency rates than retail originated mortgages, Citi terminated business
with a number of correspondent sellers in 2007 and 2008. During 2008, Citi also
severed relationships with a number of brokers, only maintaining those who have
produced strong, high-quality and profitable volume. Citi has also discontinued
purchasing loans held in portfolio from correspondents and significantly reduced
bulk purchases.

 CHANNELS

FIRST LIEN

CHANNEL

90+DPD %

*FICO

*LTV

 ($ in
 billions)

MORTGAGES

% TOTAL

< 620

> 100%

 RETAIL

$48.2

44.9%

5.1%

$14.3

$  9.1

 BROKER

 $19.0

17.7%

11.3%

$  3.7

$  5.7

 CORRESPONDENT  

 $40.1

 37.4%

 16.6%

 $14.0

$15.0

* Refreshed FICO
and LTV.

Note: First lien
mortgage table excludes Canada and Puerto Rico, deferred fees/costs, loans
guaranteed by U.S. government sponsored agencies and loans subject to
LTSCs.

76

 Second Lien
Mortgages: December 31, 2009

For second lien mortgages, approximately 49%
of the loans were originated through third-party channels. As these mortgages
have demonstrated a higher incidence of delinquencies, Citi no longer originates
second mortgages through third-party channels.

 CHANNELS

SECOND LIEN

CHANNEL

90+DPD%

*FICO < 620

*LTV > 100%

 ($ in
 billions)

MORTGAGES

% TOTAL

 RETAIL

$25.2

51.0%

1.7%

$3.9

$6.9

 BROKER

$12.4

25.0%

3.9%

$2.2

$6.8

 CORRESPONDENT

 $11.8

 24.0%

5.0%

 $2.9

$7.0

* Refreshed FICO
and LTV.

Note: Excludes
Canada and Puerto Rico and loans subject to LTSCs.

By state

Approximately half of Citi’s U.S. consumer mortgage portfolio is located
in five states: California, New York, Florida, Texas and Illinois. Those states
represent 50% of first lien mortgages and 54% of second lien
mortgages.

     Florida
and Illinois have above-average 90+DPD delinquency rates. Florida has 55% of its
first lien mortgage portfolio with refreshed LTV>100%, compared to 28%
overall for first lien mortgages. Illinois has 35% of its loan portfolio with
refreshed LTV>100%. Texas, despite having 40% of its portfolio with
FICO<620, has a lower delinquency rate relative to the overall portfolio.
Texas has less than 0.5% of its loan portfolio with refreshed
LTV>100%.

 First
 Lien Mortgages: December 31, 2009

 STATES

FIRST LIEN

STATE

90+DPD %

*FICO < 620

*LTV > 100%

 ($ in
 billions)

MORTGAGES

% TOTAL

 CALIFORNIA

$29.6

27.6%

10.4%

$ 4.8

$12.6

 NEW YORK

$  8.9

8.3%

7.1%

$ 1.6

$  0.5

 FLORIDA

$  6.6

6.2%

18.1%

$ 2.5

$  3.7

 ILLINOIS

$  4.5

4.2%

12.3%

$ 1.5

$  1.6

 TEXAS

$  4.2

3.9%

6.2%

$ 1.7

$  0.0

 OTHERS

$53.5

49.9%

10.4%

$19.8

$11.5

* Refreshed FICO
and LTV.

Note: First lien
mortgage table excludes Canada and Puerto Rico, deferred fees/costs, loans
guaranteed by U.S. government sponsored agencies and loans subject to
LTSCs.

     In the second lien mortgage
portfolio, Florida continues to experience above-average delinquencies, with
approximately 72% of their loans with LTV > 100% compared to 42% overall for
second lien mortgages.

 Second Lien Mortgages: December 31,
 2009

 STATES

SECOND LIEN

STATE

90+DPD %

*FICO < 620

*LTV > 100%

 ($ in
 billions)

MORTGAGES

% TOTAL

 CALIFORNIA

$13.7

27.8%

3.4%

$1.9

$7.3

 NEW YORK

$  6.6

13.4%

2.0%

$0.8

$1.1

 FLORIDA

$  3.2

6.6%

5.4%

$0.8

$2.3

 ILLINOIS

$  1.9

3.9%

2.9%

$0.4

$1.1

 TEXAS

$  1.4

2.8%

1.5%

$0.2

$0.0

 OTHERS

$22.5

45.5%

2.9%

$4.8

$8.7

* Refreshed FICO
and LTV.

Note: Excludes
Canada and Puerto Rico and loans subject to LTSCs.

By
vintage

For
Citigroup’s combined U.S. consumer mortgage portfolio (first and second lien
mortgages), approximately half of the portfolio consists of 2006 and 2007
vintages, which demonstrate above-average delinquencies. In first mortgages,
approximately 43% of the portfolio is of 2006 and 2007 vintages, which have
90+DPD rates well above the overall portfolio rate. In second mortgages, 62% of
the portfolio is of 2006 and 2007 vintages, which again have higher
delinquencies compared to the overall portfolio rate.

 First
 Lien Mortgages: December 31, 2009

 VINTAGES

FIRST LIEN

VINTAGE

90+DPD %

*FICO < 620

*LTV > 100%

 ($ in
 billions)

MORTGAGES

% TOTAL

 2009

$  4.5

4.2%

0.6%

$  0.6

$  0.1

 2008

$13.8

12.8%

5.5%

$  3.0

$  2.1

 2007

$27.2

25.4%

16.9%

$10.2

$11.5

 2006

$19.5

18.1%

14.3%

$  6.4

$  8.4

 2005

$18.6

17.4%

7.8%

$  4.4

$  5.9

 ≤ 2004

$23.7

22.1%

6.9%

$  7.4

$  1.8

* Refreshed FICO
and LTV.

Note: First lien
mortgage table excludes Canada and Puerto Rico, deferred fees/costs, loans
guaranteed by U.S. government sponsored agencies and loans subject to
LTSCs.

 Second Lien Mortgages: December 31,
 2009

 VINTAGES

SECOND LIEN

VINTAGE

90+DPD %

*FICO < 620

*LTV > 100%

 ($ in
 billions)

MORTGAGES

% TOTAL

 2009

$  0.6

1.2%

0.5%

$0.0

$0.0

 2008

$  4.3

8.7%

1.1%

$0.6

$0.7

 2007

$14.6

29.5%

3.6%

$2.9

$6.8

 2006

$16.1

32.6%

3.7%

$3.2

$8.4

 2005

$  9.5

19.3%

2.7%

$1.5

$4.0

 ≤ 2004

$  4.3

8.6%

1.9%

$0.7

$0.6

* Refreshed FICO
and LTV.

Note: Excludes
Canada and Puerto Rico and loans subject to LTSCs.

77

 North
America Cards

Citi’s North America cards
portfolio consists of our Citi-branded and retail partner cards portfolios
located in Citicorp—
Regional Consumer
Banking and Citi Holdings
—
Local Consumer Lending, respectively. As of
December 31, 2009, the Citi-branded portfolio totaled approximately $83 billion
while the retail partner cards portfolio was approximately $58 billion, both
reported on a managed basis.

The following charts detail the quarterly
trends in delinquencies and net credit losses for Citigroup’s North America Citi-branded and retail partner
cards portfolios.

In each of the two portfolios, Citi has been
actively eliminating riskier accounts and sales to mitigate losses. First, we
have removed high-risk customers from the portfolio by either reducing available
lines of credit or closing accounts. On a net basis, end of period open accounts
are down 11% in both Citi-branded and retail partner cards versus prior-year
levels. Second, Citi has improved the tools used to identify and manage exposure
in each of the portfolios by targeting unique customer
attributes.

In Citi’s experience to date, these portfolios
have significantly different characteristics:

 Citi-branded cards tend to have a
 longer estimated account life, with 
higher credit lines and balances reflecting the greater utility of a
 multi-
purpose credit
 card.

Retail partner cards tend to have
 a shorter account life, with smaller credit 
lines and balances. The account portfolio,
 by nature, turns faster and the 
loan balances reflect more recent vintages. 

     As a result, loss mitigation efforts, such as stricter underwriting
standards for new accounts, decreasing higher-risk credit lines, closing
high-risk accounts and re-pricing, tend to affect the retail partner cards
portfolio faster than the branded portfolio.

      In addition to tightening credit standards, Citi also continues to pursue
other loss mitigation efforts, including improvements in collections
effectiveness and various forbearance programs. We believe forbearance
programs improve the longer-term quality of these accounts.

     Citigroup offers both short-term and
long-term modification programs to its credit card customers, primarily in the
U.S. The short-term U.S. programs provide interest rate reductions for up to 12
months, while the long-term programs provide interest rate reductions for up to
five years. In both types of U.S. programs, the annual percentage rate (APR) is
typically reduced to below 10%.

Citigroup monitors the performance of these
U.S. credit card short-term and long-term modification programs by tracking
cumulative loss rates by vintages (when customers enter a program) and comparing
that performance with that of similar accounts whose terms were not modified.
For example, for U.S. credit cards, in Citi’s experience to date, at 24
months after modifying an account, Citi typically reduces credit losses by
approximately one-third compared to similar accounts that were not modified.
Citi has observed that this improved performance of modified loans relative to
those not modified is generally greatest during the first 12 months after
modification. Following that period, losses have tended to increase but
typically stabilize at levels which are still below those for similar loans that
were not modified, resulting in an improved cumulative loss performance. To
date, Citi has tended to see that this benefit is sustained over time across our
U.S. credit card
portfolios.

Recognizing the impact of various
forbearance programs, we are nevertheless seeing some early positive credit
trends in both Citi-branded and retail partner cards. While both portfolios
experienced an expected seasonal increase in 90+ day delinquencies in the fourth
quarter of 2009, which we currently expect could lead to a moderate increase in
net credit losses in the first quarter of 2010, earlier bucket delinquencies
(30–89 days
past due) improved on a dollar
basis.

Overall, however, Citi remains cautious and currently believes that net
credit losses in each of the cards portfolios will continue to remain at
elevated levels and will continue to be highly dependent on the external
environment and industry changes.

78

 Citi-Branded
 Cards

Note: Includes
Puerto Rico.

 Retail Partners
 Cards

Note: Includes
Canada, Puerto Rico and Installment Lending.

79

      As set forth in the table below, approximately 73% of the Citi-branded
portfolio had FICO credit scores of at least 660 on a refreshed basis as of
December 31, 2009, while 63% of the retail partner cards portfolio had scores
above 660.

 Balances: December 31,
 2009

 Refreshed

Citi Branded

Retail Partners

 FICO ≥ 660

73%

63%

 620 ≤ 
FICO < 660

11%

13%

 FICO < 620

16%

24% 

Note: Based on
balances of $137 billion. Balances include interest and fees. Excludes Canada,
Puerto Rico, Installment and Classified portfolios. Excludes balances where FICO
was unavailable ($0.7 billion for Citi-branded, $2.1 billion for retail partners
cards).

     The table below provides delinquency statistics for loans 90+DPD for both
the Citi-branded and retail partners cards portfolios as of December 31, 2009.
Given the economic environment, customers have migrated down from higher FICO
score ranges, driven by their delinquencies with Citi and/or with other
creditors. As these customers roll through the delinquency buckets, they
materially damage their credit score and may ultimately go to charge-off. Loans
90+DPD are more likely to be associated with low refreshed FICO scores, both
because low scores are indicative of repayment risk and because their
delinquency has been reported by Citigroup to the credit bureaus. Loans with
FICO scores less than 620, which constitute 16% of the Citi-branded portfolio,
have a 90+DPD rate of 16.9%; in the retail partner cards portfolio, loans with
FICO scores less than 620 constitute 24% of the portfolio and have a 90+DPD rate
of 18.0%.

 90+DPD Delinquency Rate: December 31,
 2009

 Refreshed

Citi Branded
 90+DPD%

Retail Partners
 90+DPD%

 FICO ≥ 660

0.1%

0.2%

 620 ≤ FICO <
660

0.4%

0.7%

 FICO < 620

16.9%

18.0% 

Note: Based on
balances of $137 billion. Balances include interest and fees. Excludes Canada,
Puerto Rico, Installment and Classified portfolios.

U.S. Installment and Other Revolving
Loans

In the table below,
Citi’s U.S. Installment portfolio consists of consumer loans in the following
businesses: Consumer Finance, Retail Banking, Auto, Student Lending and Cards.
Other Revolving consists of consumer loans (Ready Credit and Checking Plus
products) in the Consumer Retail Banking business. Commercial-related loans are
not included.

      As of December 31, 2009, the U.S. Installment portfolio totaled
approximately $56 billion, while the U.S. Other Revolving portfolio was
approximately $1 billion. While substantially all of the U.S. Installment
portfolio is managed under LCL within
Citi Holdings, it does include $0.4 billion of Consumer Retail Banking loans
which are reported in Citicorp. The U.S. Other Revolving portfolio is managed
under Citicorp.

     The U.S.
Installment portfolio includes $20 billion of Student Loans originated under the
Federal Family Education Loan Program (FFELP) where losses are substantially
mitigated by federal guarantees. These loans generally have higher 90+DPD rates
compared to other installment loans, but due to the federal guarantees,
have lower net credit loss rates relative to other installment
loans.

Approximately 43% of the Installment portfolio had FICO credit scores
less than 620 on a refreshed basis. Approximately 30% of the Other Revolving
portfolio is composed of loans having FICO less than 620.

 Balances: December 31,
 2009

 Refreshed

Installment

Other Revolving

 FICO ≥ 660

42%

55%

 620 ≤ FICO <
660

15%

15%

 FICO < 620

43%

30% 

Note: Based on
balances of $54 billion for Installment and $0.9 billion for Other Revolving.
Excludes Canada and Puerto Rico. Excludes balances where FICO was unavailable
($2.3 billion for Installment, $0.1 billion for Other Revolving).

     The table below provides delinquency statistics for loans 90+DPD for both
the Installment and Other Revolving portfolios. Loans 90+DPD are more likely to
be associated with low refreshed FICO scores both because low scores are
indicative of repayment risk and because their delinquency has been reported by
Citigroup to the credit bureaus. On a refreshed basis, loans with FICO scores of
less than 620 exhibit significantly higher delinquencies than in any other FICO
band and will drive the majority of the losses.

 90+DPD Delinquency Rate: December 31,
 2009

 Refreshed

Installment
90+DPD%

Other Revolving
 90+DPD%

 FICO ≥ 660

0.2%

0.0%

 620 ≤ FICO <
660

0.7%

0.3%

 FICO < 620

6.1%

8.3% 

Note: Based on
balances of $54 billion for Installment and $0.9 billion for Other Revolving.
Excludes Canada and Puerto Rico.

80

 Interest
Rate Risk Associated with Consumer Mortgage Lending
Activity

Citigroup originates and funds mortgage loans. As with all other lending
activity, this exposes Citigroup to several risks, including credit, liquidity
and interest rate risks. To manage credit and liquidity risk, Citigroup sells
most of the mortgage loans it originates, but retains the servicing rights.
These sale transactions create an intangible asset referred to as mortgage
servicing rights (MSRs). The fair value of this asset is primarily affected by
changes in prepayments that result from shifts in mortgage interest rates. Thus,
by retaining the servicing rights of sold mortgage loans, Citigroup is still
exposed to interest rate risk.

In managing this risk, Citigroup hedges a
significant portion of the value of its MSRs through the use of interest rate
derivative contracts, forward purchase commitments of mortgage-backed
securities, and purchased securities classified as trading (primarily
mortgage-backed securities including principal-only
strips).

Since the change in the value of these hedging
instruments does not perfectly match the change in the value of the MSRs,
Citigroup is still exposed to what is commonly referred to as “basis risk.”
Citigroup manages this risk by reviewing the mix of the various hedging
instruments referred to above on a daily
basis.

Citigroup’s MSRs totaled $6.530 billion and $5.657 billion at December
31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, respectively. For additional information on
Citi’s MSRs, see Notes 19 and 23 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

      As part of the mortgage lending activity, Citigroup commonly enters into
purchase commitments to fund residential mortgage loans at specific interest
rates within a given period of time, generally up to 60 days after the rate has
been set. If the resulting loans from these commitments will be classified as
loans held-for-sale, Citigroup accounts for the commitments as derivatives.
Accordingly, the initial and subsequent changes in the fair value of these
commitments, which are driven by changes in mortgage interest rates, are
recognized in current earnings after taking into consideration the likelihood
that the commitment will be
funded.

Citigroup hedges its exposure to the change in the value of these
commitments by utilizing hedging instruments similar to those referred to
above.

81

 CORPORATE LOAN
DETAILS

For
corporate clients and investment banking activities across Citigroup, the credit
process is grounded in a series of fundamental policies, in addition to those
described under “Managing Global Risk—Risk Management—Overview,” above. These
include:

 joint business and independent
 risk management responsibility for 
managing credit risks;

a single center of control for
 each credit relationship that coordinates 
credit activities with that client;

 portfolio limits to ensure
 diversification and maintain risk/capital 
alignment;

a minimum of two authorized credit
 officer signatures required on 
extensions of credit, one of which must be from a credit officer in
 credit 
risk management;

risk rating standards, applicable
 to every obligor and facility; and

consistent standards for credit
 origination documentation and remedial 
management. 

Corporate
Credit Portfolio

The following table
presents credit data for Citigroup’s corporate loans and unfunded lending
commitments at December 31, 2009. The ratings scale is based on Citi’s internal
risk ratings, which generally correspond to the ratings as defined by S&P
and Moody’s.

 In millions of dollars

At December 31,
 2009

Recorded
investment

Unfunded

 Corporate loans (1)

in loans

 (2)

% of total

 (3)

lending
commitments

% of total

 (3)

 Investment grade (4)

$

91,565

59

%

$

271,444

88

%

 Non-investment grade (4)

        Noncriticized

17,984

12

13,769

4

        Criticized performing
 (5)

30,873

20

19,953

6

               Commercial
 real estate (CRE)

6,926

4

1,872

1

               Commercial
 and Industrial and Other

23,947

16

18,081

6

        Non-accrual (criticized)
 (5)

13,545

9

2,570

1

               Commercial
 real estate (CRE)

4,051

3

732

0

               Commercial
 and Industrial and Other

9,494

6

1,838

1

 Total non-investment
 grade

$

62,402

41

%

$

36,292

12

%

 Private Banking loans managed on a
 delinquency basis (4)

14,349

2,451

 Loans at fair
 value

1,405

—

 Total corporate
 loans

$

169,721

$

310,187

 Unearned
 income

(2,274

)

—

 Corporate loans, net of unearned
 income

$

167,447

$

310,187

 (1)

Includes
 $955 million of TDRs for which concessions, such as the reduction of
 interest rates or the deferral of interest or principal payments, have
 been granted as a result of deterioration in the borrowers’ financial
 condition. Each of the borrowers is current under the restructured
 terms.

 (2)

Recorded investment in a loan
 includes accrued interest, net deferred loan fees and costs, unamortized
 premium or discount, less any direct write-downs.

 (3)

Percentages disclosed above exclude
 Private Banking loans managed on a delinquency basis and loans at fair
 value.

 (4)

Held-for-investment loans accounted
 for on an amortized cost basis.

 (5)

Criticized exposures correspond to
 the “Special Mention,” “Substandard” and “Doubtful” asset categories
 defined by banking regulatory
authorities.

82

      The following tables represent the corporate credit portfolio (excluding
Private Banking), before consideration of collateral, by maturity at December
31, 2009. The corporate portfolio is broken out by direct outstandings that
include drawn loans, overdrafts, interbank placements, bankers’ acceptances,
certain investment securities and leases and unfunded commitments that include
unused commitments to lend, letters of credit and financial
guarantees.

At December 31,
 2009

Greater

Due

than 1 year

Greater

within

but within

than

Total

 In billions of
 dollars

1 year

5 years

5 years

exposure

 Direct outstandings

$

213

$

66

$

7

$

286

 Unfunded lending
 commitments

182

120

10

312

 Total

$

395

$

186

$

17

$

598

At December 31,
 2008

Greater

Due

than 1 year

Greater

within

but within

than

Total

 In billions of
 dollars

1 year

5 years

5 years

exposure

 Direct outstandings

$

161

$

100

$

9

$

270

 Unfunded lending
 commitments

206

141

12

359

 Total

$

367

$

241

$

21

$

629

Portfolio
Mix

The
corporate credit portfolio is diverse across counterparty and industry, and
geography. The following table shows direct outstandings and unfunded
commitments by region:

December 31,

December 31,

2009

2008

 North America

51

%

49

%

 EMEA

27

29

 Latin America

9

8

 Asia

13

14

 Total

100

%

100

%

     The maintenance of accurate and consistent risk ratings across the
corporate credit portfolio facilitates the comparison of credit exposure across
all lines of business, geographic regions and
products.

Obligor risk ratings reflect an estimated
probability of default for an obligor and are derived primarily through the use
of statistical models (which are validated periodically), external rating
agencies (under defined circumstances) or approved scoring methodologies.
Facility risk ratings are assigned, using the obligor risk rating, and then
factors that affect the loss-given default of the facility, such as support or
collateral, are taken into account.With regard to climate change risk, factors
evaluated include consideration of the business impact, impact of regulatory
requirements, or lack thereof, and impact of physical effects on obligors and
their assets.

 These factors may adversely affect the ability of
some obligors to perform and thus increase the risk of lending activities to
these obligors. Citigroup also has incorporated climate risk assessment criteria
for certain obligors, as necessary.

     Internal obligor ratings equivalent to BBB and above are considered
investment grade. Ratings below the equivalent of the BBB category are
considered non-investment grade.

The following table presents the corporate
credit portfolio by facility risk rating at December 31, 2009 and 2008, as a
percentage of the total portfolio:

 Direct outstandings
 and

unfunded
 commitments

December 31,

December 31,

2009

2008

 AAA/AA/A

58

%

58

%

 BBB

24

24

 BB/B

11

13

 CCC or below

7

5

 Unrated

—

—

 Total

100

%

100

%

     The corporate credit portfolio is diversified by industry, with a
concentration only in the financial sector, including banks, other financial
institutions, insurance companies, investment banks and government and central
banks. The following table shows the allocation of direct outstandings and
unfunded commitments to industries as a percentage of the total corporate
portfolio:

 Direct outstandings
 and

unfunded
 commitments

December 31,

December 31,

2009

2008

 Government and central
 banks

12

%

11

%

 Investment banks

5

7

 Banks

9

6

 Other financial institutions

12

5

 Utilities

4

4

 Insurance

4

4

 Petroleum

4

4

 Agriculture and food preparation

4

4

 Telephone and cable

3

3

 Industrial machinery and equipment

2

3

 Global information
 technology

2

2

 Chemicals

2

2

 Real estate

3

3

 Other
 industries (1)

34

42

 Total

100

%

100

%

 (1)

Includes all other industries, none of which exceeds 2% of total
 outstandings.

83

 Credit Risk
Mitigation

As
part of its overall risk management activities, Citigroup uses credit
derivatives and other risk mitigants to hedge portions of the credit risk in its
portfolio, in addition to outright asset sales. The purpose of these
transactions is to transfer credit risk to third parties. The results of the
mark-to-market and any realized gains or losses on credit derivatives are
reflected in the 
Principal transactions

 line on the Consolidated Statement of
Income.

At December 31, 2009 and 2008, $59.6 billion and $95.5 billion,
respectively, of credit risk exposure were economically hedged. Citigroup’s
expected loss model used in the calculation of its loan loss reserve does not
include the favorable impact of credit derivatives and other risk mitigants. In
addition, the reported amounts of direct outstandings and unfunded commitments
in this report do not reflect the impact of these hedging transactions. At
December 31, 2009 and 2008, the credit protection was economically hedging
underlying credit exposure with the following risk rating distribution,
respectively:

 Rating of Hedged
 Exposure

December 31,

December 31,

2009

2008

 AAA/AA/A

45

%

54

%

 BBB 

37

32

 BB/B

11

9

 CCC or
 below

7

5

 Total

100

%

100

%

      At December 31, 2009 and 2008, the credit protection was economically
hedging underlying credit exposure with the following industry distribution,
respectively:

 Industry of Hedged
 Exposure

December 31,

December 31,

2009

2008

 Utilities

9

%

10

%

 Telephone and cable

9

9

 Agriculture and food
 preparation

8

7

 Petroleum

6

7

 Industrial machinery and
 equipment

6

6

 Insurance

4

5

 Chemicals

8

5

 Retail

4

5

 Other financial
 institutions

4

4

 Autos

6

4

 Pharmaceuticals

5

4

 Natural gas distribution

3

4

 Global information
 technology

3

4

 Metals

4

3

 Other
 industries (1)

21

23

 Total

100

%

100

%

 (1)

Includes all other industries, none of which is greater than 2% of
 the total hedged amount.

84

U.S.
Subprime-Related Direct Exposure in Citi Holdings—Special Asset
Pool

The
following table summarizes Citigroup’s U.S. subprime-related direct exposures in
Citi Holdings—
SAP

 at December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008:

2009

Dec. 31, 2008

write-ups

2009

Dec. 31, 2009

 In billions of
 dollars

exposures

(downs)

 (1)

other

 (2)

exposures

 Direct ABS CDO super-senior
 exposures:

        Gross ABS CDO super-senior
 exposures (A)

$

18.9

$

13.3

        Hedged exposures (B)

6.9

5.9

 Net ABS CDO super-senior exposures:

        ABCP/CDO (3)

9.9

$

0.6

$

(3.6

)

7.0

        High grade

0.8

0.3

(1.0

)

0.1

        Mezzanine

1.3

—

 (4)

(1.0

)

0.3

 Total net ABS CDO super-senior
 exposures (A-B=C)

$

12.0

$

0.9

$

(5.6

) (4)

$

7.4

 Lending and structuring exposures
 (D)

$

2.0

$

(0.1

)

$

(0.9

)

$

1.0

 Total net exposures (C+D) (5)
 (6)

$

14.1

$

0.8

$

(6.5

)

$

8.4

 Credit
 adjustment on hedged counterparty exposures (E) (7)

$

(1.3

)

 Total net write-ups (downs)
 (C+D+E)

$

(0.5

)

 Note: Table may not foot or
 cross-foot due to rounding.

 (1)       

Includes net profits and losses associated with
 liquidations.

 (2)

Reflects sales, transfers and repayment or liquidations of
 principal.

 (3)

Consists of older-vintage, high-grade ABS CDOs.

 (4)

A
 portion of the underlying securities was purchased in liquidations of CDOs
 and reported as 
Trading account
 assets

. As of
 December 31, 2009, $235 million relating to deals liquidated was held in
 the trading books.

 (5)

Composed of net CDO super-senior exposures and gross lending and
 structuring exposures.

 (6)

This $8.4 billion in net direct exposures includes the $7.3 billion
 of assets reflected in the table titled “Assets Within Special Asset Pool”
 under “Results of Operations—Citi Holdings—
Special Asset
 Pool

”
 above.

 (7)

Adjustment related to counterparty credit
risk.

      Citi Holdings had approximately $8.4 billion in net U.S. subprime-related
direct exposures in the SAP at December
31, 2009. The exposure consisted of (a) approximately $7.4 billion of net
exposures in the super-senior tranches (i.e., the most senior tranches) of CDOs,
which are collateralized by asset-backed securities, derivatives on asset-backed
securities, or both (ABS CDOs), and (b) approximately $1.0 billion of exposures
in its lending and structuring
business.

The 
SAP

 also has
trading positions, both long and short, in U.S. subprime RMBS and related
products, including ABS CDOs, which are not included in the figures above. The
exposure from these positions is actively managed and hedged, although the
effectiveness of the hedging products used may vary with material changes in
market conditions. 

Direct ABS CDO
super-senior exposures

The net $7.4 billion in ABS CDO super-senior exposures as of December 31,
2009 is collateralized primarily by subprime RMBS, derivatives on RMBS, or
both.

Citi Holdings’ CDO super-senior subprime direct exposures are Level 3
assets. The valuation of the high-grade and mezzanine ABS CDO positions uses
trader prices based on the underlying assets of each high-grade and mezzanine
ABS CDO. Unlike the ABCP positions, the high-grade and

 mezzanine positions are
now largely hedged through the ABX and bond short positions, which are trader
priced. This results in closer symmetry in the way these long and short
positions are valued by the business. Citi Holdings intends to use trader marks
to value this portion of the portfolio going forward so long as it remains
largely hedged.

The valuation of the ABCP positions is subject
to valuation based on significant unobservable inputs. Fair value of these
exposures is based on estimates of future cash flows from the mortgage loans
underlying the assets of the ABS CDOs. To determine the performance of the
underlying mortgage loan portfolios, Citi estimates the prepayments, defaults
and loss severities based on a number of macroeconomic factors. The model is
calibrated using available mortgage loan information including historical loan
performance. An appropriate discount rate is then applied to the cash flows
generated for each ABCP tranche, in order to estimate its fair value under
current market conditions.

The valuation as of December 31, 2009 assumes
that U.S. housing prices are unchanged in 2010, increase 1.1% in 2011, increase
1.4% in 2012, and increase 3% from 2013 onwards. The U.S. unemployment rate is
assumed to peak at 10.3% during the first half of 2010.

85

      The primary drivers that currently impact the model valuations are the
discount rates used to calculate the present value of projected cash flows and
projected mortgage loan performance. Each 10-basis-point change in the discount
rate used generally results in an approximate $24 million change in the fair
value of Citi’s direct ABCP exposures as of December 31,
2009.

Estimates of the fair value of the CDO super-senior exposures depend on
market conditions and are subject to further change over time. For a further
discussion of the valuation methodology and assumptions used to value direct ABS
CDO super-senior exposures to U.S. subprime mortgages, see Note 26 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Lending and
structuring exposures

The $1.0 billion of subprime-related exposures includes approximately
$0.6 billion of actively managed subprime loans purchased for resale or
securitization at a discount to par during 2007 that continue to be held by
SAP and approximately $0.4 billion of
financing transactions with customers secured by subprime collateral, and are
carried at fair value. 

Exposure to
Commercial Real Estate in ICG and SAP

ICG

 and the

SAP

, through their business activities and as
capital markets participants, incur exposures that are directly or indirectly
tied to the commercial real estate (CRE) market. These exposures are represented
primarily by the following three categories:

     (1)

 Assets held at fair value

 include approximately $5.5 billion, of which approximately $4.6 billion
are securities, loans and other items linked to CRE that are carried at fair
value as trading account assets, and of which approximately $0.9 billion are
securities backed by CRE carried at fair value as available-for-sale (AFS)
investments. Changes in fair value for these trading account assets are reported
in current earnings, while AFS investments are reported in 
Accumulated other comprehensive income

 with other-than-temporary impairments
reported in current earnings.

      The majority of these exposures are classified as Level 3 in the fair
value hierarchy. Weakening activity in the trading markets for some of these
instruments resulted in reduced liquidity, thereby decreasing the observable
inputs for such valuations, and could have an adverse impact on how these
instruments are valued in the future if such conditions
persist.

(2) 
Assets held at amortized cost

 include approximately $1.8 billion of
securities classified as held-to-maturity (HTM) and $20.9 billion of loans and
commitments. The HTM securities were classified as such during the fourth
quarter of 2008 and were previously classified as either trading or AFS. They
are accounted for at amortized cost, subject to other-than-temporary impairment.
Loans and commitments are recorded at amortized cost, less loan loss reserves.
The impact from changes in credit is reflected in the calculation of the
allowance for loan losses and in net credit
losses.

(3) 
Equity and other
investments

 include
approximately $4.3 billion of equity and other investments such as limited
partner fund investments that are accounted for under the equity method, which
recognizes gains or losses based on the investor’s share of the net income of
the investee.

86

 Direct
Exposure to Monolines

Citi Holdings has exposure, via the
 SAP

, to various
monoline bond insurers (Monolines), listed in the table below, from hedges on
certain investments and from trading positions. The hedges are composed of
credit default swaps and other hedge instruments. Citi Holdings recorded $1.3
billion

 in downward credit
valuation adjustments (CVA) related to exposure to Monolines during 2009,
bringing the total CVA balance to $5.6 billion.

     The following table summarizes the market value of Citi Holdings’ direct
exposures to and the corresponding notional amounts of transactions with the
various Monolines, as well as the aggregate credit valuation adjustment
associated with these exposures as of December 31, 2009 and
2008.

December 31, 2009

December 31,
 2008

Notional

Notional

Fair

amount

Fair

amount

value

of

value

of

 In millions of
 dollars

exposure

transactions

exposure

transactions

 Direct subprime ABS CDO super
 senior—Ambac

$

4,468

$

5,295

$ 

4,461

$

5,357

 Trading
 assets—non-subprime:

 MBIA

$

1,939

$

3,828

$ 

1,924

$

4,040

 FSA 

52

835

204

1,126

 Assured

81

452

141

465

 Radian

3

150

58

150

 Ambac

—

178

21

1,106

 Subtotal trading
 assets—non-subprime

$

2,075

$

5,443

$ 

2,348

$

6,887

 Total gross fair value direct
 exposure

$

6,543

$ 

6,809

 Credit valuation
 adjustment

(5,580

)

(4,279

)

 Total net fair value direct
 exposure

$

963

$ 

2,530

      The fair value exposure, net of payable and receivable positions,
represents the market value of the contract as of December 31, 2009 and 2008,
respectively, excluding the CVA. The notional amount of the transactions,
including both long and short positions, is used as a reference value to
calculate payments. The CVA is a downward adjustment to the fair value exposure
to a counterparty to reflect the counterparty’s creditworthiness in respect of
the obligations in question.

Credit valuation adjustments are based on
credit spreads and on estimates of the terms and timing of the payment
obligations of the Monolines. Timing in turn depends on estimates of the
performance of the transactions to which Citi’s exposure relates, estimates of
whether and when liquidation of such transactions may occur and other factors,
each considered in the context of the terms of the Monolines’
obligations.

As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, SAP had $5.9 billion and $6.9 billion,
respectively, in notional amount of hedges against its direct subprime ABS CDO
super-senior positions. Of those amounts, $5.3 billion and $5.4 billion,
respectively, were purchased from Monolines and are included in the
notional amount of transactions in the table
above.

With respect to SAP’s trading
assets, there were $2.1 billion and $2.3 billion of fair value exposure to
Monolines as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Trading assets include
trading positions, both long and short, in U.S. subprime RMBS and related
products, including ABS CDOs.

The notional amount of transactions related to
the remaining non-subprime trading assets as of December 31, 2009 was $5.4
billion. Of the $5.4 billion, $4.7 billion was in the form of credit default
swaps and total return swaps with a fair value exposure of $2.1 billion. The
remaining notional amount comprised $0.7 billion, primarily in interest-rate
swaps, with a corresponding fair value exposure of $12 million net
payable.

      The notional amount of transactions related to the remaining non-subprime
trading assets at December 31, 2008 was $6.9 billion, with a corresponding fair
value exposure of $2.3 billion. Of the $6.9 billion, $5.1 billion was in the
form of credit default swaps and total return swaps with a fair value of $2.3
billion. The remaining notional amount comprised $1.8 billion, primarily in
interest-rate swaps with a corresponding fair value exposure of $3.9
million.

Citigroup has purchased mortgage insurance
from various Monoline mortgage insurers on first-mortgage loans. The notional
amount of this insurance protection was approximately $230 million and $400
million as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, with nominal pending
claims against this notional
amount.

In addition, Citigroup has indirect exposure to Monolines in various
other parts of its businesses. Indirect exposure includes circumstances in which
Citigroup is not a contractual counterparty to the Monolines, but instead owns
securities that may benefit from embedded credit enhancements provided by a
Monoline. For example, corporate or municipal bonds in the trading business may
be insured by the Monolines. The table and discussion above do not reflect this
type of indirect exposure to the Monolines.

87

 Highly
Leveraged Financing Transactions

Highly leveraged financing commitments are
agreements that provide funding to a borrower with higher levels of debt
(measured by the ratio of debt capital to equity capital of the borrower) than
is generally the case for other companies. In recent years through mid-2008,
highly leveraged financing had been commonly employed in corporate acquisitions,
management buy-outs and similar
transactions.

In these financings, debt service (that is,
principal and interest payments) absorbs a significant portion of the cash flows
generated by the borrower’s business. Consequently, the risk that the borrower
may not be able to meet its debt obligations is greater. Due to this risk, the
interest rates and fees charged for this type of financing are generally higher
than for other types of financing.

Prior to funding, highly leveraged financing
commitments are assessed for impairment and losses are recorded when they are
probable and reasonably estimable. For the portion of loan commitments that
relates to loans that will be held for investment, loss estimates are made based
on the borrower’s ability to repay the facility according to its contractual
terms. For the portion of loan commitments that relates to loans that will be
held-for-sale, loss estimates are made in reference to current conditions in the
resale market (both interest rate risk and credit risk are considered in the
estimate). Loan origination, commitment, underwriting and other fees are netted
against any recorded losses.

Citigroup generally manages the risk
associated with highly leveraged financings it has entered into by seeking to
sell a majority of its exposures to the market prior to or shortly after
funding. In certain cases, all or a portion of a highly leveraged financing to
be retained is hedged with credit derivatives or other hedging instruments.
Thus, when a highly leveraged financing is funded, Citigroup records the
resulting loan as follows:

 the portion that Citigroup will
 seek to sell is recorded as a loan held-for-
sale in 
Other assets 

on
 the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and measured at 
the lower of cost or market; and

the portion that will be retained
 is recorded as a loan held-for-investment 
in 
Loans 

and
 measured at amortized cost less a reserve for loan losses.

     Due to the dislocation of the credit markets and the reduced market
interest in higher-risk/higher-yield instruments since the latter half of 2007,
liquidity in the market for highly leveraged financings has been limited. This
has resulted in Citi’s recording pretax write-downs on funded and unfunded
highly leveraged finance exposures of $521 million in 2009 and $4.9 billion in
2008.

      Citigroup’s exposures to highly leveraged financing commitments totaled
$5.0 billion at December 31, 2009 ($4.7 billion funded and $0.3 billion in
unfunded commitments), reflecting a decrease of $5 billion from December 31,
2008.

In 2008, Citigroup completed the transfer of approximately $12.0 billion
of loans to third parties, of which $8.5 billion relates to highly leveraged
loan commitments. In these transactions, the third parties purchased subordinate
interests backed by the transferred loans. These subordinate interests absorb
first loss on the transferred loans and provide the third parties with control
of the loans. Citigroup retained senior debt securities backed by the
transferred loans. These transactions were accounted for as sales of the
transferred loans. The loans were removed from the balance sheet and the
retained securities are classified as AFS securities on Citi’s Consolidated
Balance Sheet.

In addition, Citigroup purchased protection on
the senior debt securities from the third-party subordinate interest holders via
total return swaps (TRS). The counterparty credit risk in the TRS is protected
through margin agreements that provide for both initial margin and additional
margin at specified triggers. Due to the initial cash margin received, the
existing margin requirements on the TRS, and the substantive subordinate
investments made by third parties, Citi believes that the transactions largely
mitigate Citi’s risk related to the transferred
loans.

Citigroup’s sole remaining exposure to the transferred loans are the
senior debt securities, which have an amortized cost basis and fair value of
$7.0 billion at December 31, 2009. The change in the value of the retained
senior debt securities that are classified as AFS securities are recorded in
AOCI as they are deemed temporary. The offsetting change in the TRS are recorded
as cash flow hedges within AOCI. See Notes 16 and 22 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information.

88

 MARKET RISK

Market risk encompasses
liquidity risk and price risk, both of which arise in the normal course of
business of a global financial intermediary. Liquidity risk is the risk that an
entity may be unable to meet a financial commitment to a customer, creditor, or
investor when due. See “Capital Resources and Liquidity” for further
discussion.

Price risk is the earnings risk from changes
in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, and equity and commodity prices, and
in their implied volatilities. Price risk arises in non-trading portfolios, as
well as in trading portfolios.

Market risks are measured in accordance with
established standards to ensure consistency across businesses and the ability to
aggregate risk. Each business is required to establish, with approval from
independent market risk management, a market risk limit framework for identified
risk factors that clearly defines approved risk profiles and is within the
parameters of Citigroup’s overall risk appetite. In all cases, the businesses
are ultimately responsible for the market risks they take and for remaining
within their defined limits. 

Non-Trading
Portfolios Interest Rate Risk

One of Citigroup’s primary business functions
is providing financial products that meet the needs of its customers. Loans and
deposits are tailored to the customers’ requirements with regard to tenor, index
(if applicable), and rate type. Net interest revenue (NIR) is the difference
between the yield earned on the non-trading portfolio assets (including customer
loans) and the rate paid on the liabilities (including customer deposits or
company borrowings). NIR is affected by changes in the level of interest rates.
For example:

 At any given time, there may be an
 unequal amount of assets and 
liabilities that are subject to market rates due to maturation or
 repricing. 
Whenever the amount
 of liabilities subject to repricing exceeds the 
amount of assets subject to repricing, a
 company is considered “liability 
sensitive.” In this case, a company’s NIR will deteriorate in a
 rising 
rate
 environment. 

The assets and liabilities of a
 company may reprice at different speeds or 
mature at different times, subjecting both
 “liability-sensitive” and “asset-
sensitive” companies to NIR sensitivity from changing interest rates.
 For 
example, a company may have
 a large amount of loans that are subject 
to repricing in the current period, but the
 majority of deposits are not 
scheduled for repricing until the following period. That company
 would 
suffer from NIR
 deterioration if interest rates were to fall. 

     NIR in the current period is the result of customer transactions and the
related contractual rates originated in prior periods as well as new
transactions in the current period; those prior-period transactions will be
impacted by changes in rates on floating-rate assets and liabilities in the
current period.

Due to the long-term nature of portfolios, NIR
will vary from quarter to quarter even assuming no change in the shape or level
of the yield curve as assets and liabilities reprice. These repricings are a
function of implied forward interest rates, which represent the overall market’s
estimate of future interest rates and incorporate possible changes in the
Federal Funds rate as well as the shape of the yield curve.

 Interest
Rate Risk Governance

The risks in Citigroup’s non-traded portfolios are estimated using a
common set of standards that define, measure, limit and report the market risk.
Each business is required to establish, with approval from independent market
risk management, a market risk limit framework that clearly defines approved
risk profiles and is within the parameters of Citigroup’s overall risk appetite.
In all cases, the businesses are ultimately responsible for the market risks
they take and for remaining within their defined limits. These limits are
monitored by independent market risk, country and business Asset and Liability
Committees (ALCOs) and the Global Finance and Asset and Liability Committee
(FinALCO). 

Interest
Rate Risk Measurement

Citigroup’s principal measure of risk to NIR is interest rate exposure
(IRE). IRE measures the change in expected NIR in each currency resulting solely
from unanticipated changes in forward interest rates. Factors such as changes in
volumes, spreads, margins and the impact of prior-period pricing decisions are
not captured by IRE. IRE assumes that businesses make no additional changes in
pricing or balances in response to the unanticipated rate
changes.

IRE tests the impact on NIR resulting from
unanticipated changes in forward interest rates. For example, if the current
90-day LIBOR rate is 3% and the one-year-forward rate is 5% (i.e., the estimated
90-day LIBOR rate in one year), the +100 bps IRE scenario measures the impact on
the company’s NIR of a 100 bps instantaneous change in the 90-day LIBOR to 6% in
one year.

The impact of changing prepayment rates on
loan portfolios is incorporated into the results. For example, in the declining
interest rate scenarios, it is assumed that mortgage portfolios prepay faster
and income is reduced. In addition, in a rising interest rate scenario, portions
of the deposit portfolio are assumed to experience rate increases that may be
less than the change in market interest rates. 

Mitigation
and Hedging of Risk

Financial institutions’ financial performance is subject to some
degree of risk due to changes in interest rates. In order to manage these risks
effectively, Citigroup may modify pricing on new customer loans and deposits,
enter into transactions with other institutions or enter into off-balance-sheet
derivative transactions that have the opposite risk exposures. Therefore,
Citigroup regularly assesses the viability of strategies to reduce unacceptable
risks to earnings and implements such strategies when it believes those actions
are prudent. As information becomes available, Citigroup formulates strategies
aimed at protecting earnings from the potential negative effects of changes in
interest rates.

Citigroup employs additional measurements,
including stress testing the impact of non-linear interest rate movements on the
value of the balance sheet; the analysis of portfolio duration and volatility,
particularly as they relate to mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities;
and the potential impact of the change in the spread between different market
indices.

89

 Non-Trading
Portfolios

The
exposures in the following table represent the approximate annualized risk to
NIR assuming an unanticipated parallel instantaneous 100 bps change, as well as
a more gradual 100 bps (25 bps per quarter) parallel change in rates compared
with the market forward interest rates in selected currencies. 

December 31, 2009

December 31,
 2008

 In millions of
 dollars

Increase

Decrease

Increase

Decrease 

 U.S. dollar

 Instantaneous
 change

      Gross IRE

$

(1,194

)

$

1,473

$

(801

)

$

391

      Less: 
ICG 

trading

336

(350

)

563

(465

)

 Net
 non-trading IRE

$

(859

)

$

1,123

$

(238

)

$

(74

)

 Gradual change

      Gross IRE

$

(565

)

$

872

$

(456

)

$

81

      Less: 
ICG 

trading

105

(164

)

281

(308

)

 Net
 non-trading IRE

$

(460

)

$

708

$

(175

)

$

(227

)

 Mexican peso

 Instantaneous change

$

50

$

(50

)

$

(18

)

$

18

 Gradual
 change

$

26

$

(26

)

$

(14

)

$

14

 Euro

 Instantaneous change

$

(139

)

$

87

$

(56

)

$

57

 Gradual
 change

$

(89

)

$

89

$

(43

)

$

43

 Japanese yen

 Instantaneous change

$

213

NM

$

172

NM

 Gradual
 change

$

124

NM

$

51

NM

 Pound sterling

 Instantaneous change

$

(4

)

$

15

$

(1

)

$

1

 Gradual
 change

$

(1

)

$

1

$

—

$

—

 NM

Not meaningful. A 100 bps decrease in interest rates would imply
 negative rates for the Japanese yen yield
curve.

     Certain trading-oriented businesses within Citi have accrual-accounted
positions that are hedged with mark-to-market positions. If the economic impact
of these offsetting positions is included, Citi’s 12-month exposure to a 100 bps
instantaneous rise in interest rates is reduced from $(1,194) million to $(731)
million. The changes in the U.S. dollar IRE from the prior year reflect changes
in the customer-related asset and liability mix, the expected impact of market
rates on customer behavior and Citigroup’s view of prevailing interest
rates.

     The following table shows the risk to NIR from six different changes in
the implied-forward rates. Each scenario assumes that the rate change will occur
on a gradual basis every three months over the course of one year. 

Scenario
1

Scenario
2

Scenario
3

Scenario
4

Scenario
5

Scenario
6

 Overnight rate change
 (bps)

—

100

200

(200

)

(100

)

—

 10-year rate
 change (bps)

(100

)

—

100

(100

)

—

100

 Impact to net interest revenue

(in millions of
 dollars)

$

199

$

(502

)

$

(1,161

)

$

560

$

464

$

(42

)

90

 Trading
Portfolios

Price
risk in trading portfolios is monitored using a series of measures, including:

 factor sensitivities;

value-at-risk (VAR); and

stress testing. 

     Factor sensitivities are expressed as the change in the value of a
position for a defined change in a market risk factor, such as a change in the
value of a Treasury bill for a one-basis-point change in interest rates.
Citigroup’s independent market risk management ensures that factor sensitivities
are calculated, monitored and, in most cases, limited, for all relevant risks
taken in a trading
portfolio. 

VAR estimates the potential decline in the
value of a position or a portfolio under normal market conditions. The VAR
method incorporates the factor sensitivities of the trading portfolio with the
volatilities and correlations of those factors and is expressed as the risk to
Citigroup over a one-day holding period, at a 99% confidence level. Citigroup’s
VAR is based on the volatilities of and correlations among a multitude of market
risk factors as well as factors that track the specific issuer risk in debt and
equity securities. 

Stress testing is performed on trading
portfolios on a regular basis to estimate the impact of extreme market
movements. It is performed on 

 both individual trading
portfolios, and on aggregations of portfolios and businesses. Independent market
risk management, in conjunction with the businesses, develops stress scenarios,
reviews the output of periodic stress-testing exercises, and uses the
information to make judgments as to the ongoing appropriateness of exposure
levels and limits. 

Each trading portfolio has its own market risk
limit framework encompassing these measures and other controls, including
permitted product lists and a new product approval process for complex
products. 

     Total revenues of the trading
business consist of: 

 customer revenue, which includes
 spreads from customer flow and 
positions taken to facilitate customer orders;

proprietary trading activities in
 both cash and derivative transactions; and

net interest revenue.

     All trading positions are marked-to-market, with the result reflected in
earnings. In 2009, negative trading-related revenue (net losses) was recorded
for 58 of 260 trading days. Of the 58 days on which negative revenue (net
losses) was recorded, two days were greater than $400 million. The following
histogram of total daily revenue or loss captures trading volatility and shows
the number of days in which Citigroup’s trading-related revenues fell within
particular ranges. 

Histogram of Daily-Trading Related Revenue—12 Months Ended
December 31, 2009

Revenues (in
millions of dollars)

 Citigroup periodically
performs extensive back-testing of many hypothetical test portfolios as one
check of the accuracy of its VAR. Back-testing is the process in which the daily
VAR of a portfolio is compared to the actual daily change in the market value of
its transactions. Back-testing is conducted 

 to confirm that the
daily market value losses in excess of a 99% confidence level occur, on average,
only 1% of the time. The VAR calculation for the hypothetical test portfolios,
with different degrees of risk concentration, meets this statistical criteria.

91

      The level of price risk exposure at any given point in time depends on
the market environment and expectations of future price and market movements,
and will vary from period to
period. 

For Citigroup’s major trading centers, the
aggregate pretax VAR in the trading portfolios was $205 million at December 31,
2009 and $319 million at December 31, 2008. Daily exposures averaged $266
million in 2009 and ranged from $200 million to $335
million. 

 The following table summarizes VAR to
Citigroup in the trading portfolios as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, including
the total VAR, the specific risk-only component of VAR, and total—general market
factors only, along with the yearly averages: 

Dec. 31,

2009

Dec. 31,

2008

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

average

2008

average

 Interest rate

$

191

$

235

$

320

$

280

 Foreign exchange

45

65

118

54

 Equity

69

79

84

99

 Commodity

18

34

15

34

 Covariance
 adjustment

(118

)

(147

)

(218

)

(175

)

 Total—all market

        risk factors,

        including
 general

        and specific
 risk

$

205

$

266

$

319

$

292

 Specific risk-only

 component

$

20

$

20

$

8

$

21

 Total—general

        market factors
 only

$

185

$

246

$

311

$

271

VAR reflects the divestiture of Phibro LLC as of December 31,
2009 (see Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements). The specific
risk-only component represents the level of equity and debt issuer-specific risk
embedded in VAR.

 The table below provides
the range of VAR in each type of trading portfolio that was experienced during
2009 and 2008: 

2009

2008

 In millions of
 dollars

Low

High

Low

High

 Interest rate

$

185

$320

$

227

$339

 Foreign exchange

18

140

23

130

 Equity

46

167

58

235

 Commodity

12

50

12

60

     The following table provides the VAR for Citicorp’s 
Securities and Banking 

business (
ICG

 Citicorp VAR, which excludes Consumer) during
2009:

 In millions of
 dollars

December 31,
 2009

 Total—all market

        risk factors,

        including
 general

        and specific
 risk

$163

 Average—during year

180

 High—during year

247

 Low—during
 year

144

92

Interest
Revenue/Expense and Yields

 Average Rates—Interest Revenue,
 Interest Expense and Net Interest
Margin

Change

Change

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 (1)

2007

 (1)

2009 vs. 2008

2008 vs.
 2007

 Interest revenue (2)

$

76,635

$

106,499

$

121,347

(28

)%

(12

)%

 Interest expense
 (3)

27,721

52,750

75,958

(47

)

(31

)

 Net interest
 revenue (2)
 (3)

$

48,914

$

53,749

$

45,389

(9

)%

18

%

 Interest revenue—average rate

4.75

%

6.13

%

6.47

%

(138)

 bps

(34)

 bps

 Interest expense—average
 rate

1.92

%

3.28

%

4.43

%

(136)

 bps

(115)

 bps

 Net interest
 margin

3.03

%

3.09

%

2.42

%

(6)

 bps

67

 bps

 Interest-rate
 benchmarks:

 Federal Funds rate—end of period

0.00-0.25

%

0.00-0.25

%

4.25

%

—

(400+)

 bps

 Federal Funds
 rate—average rate

0.00-0.25

%

2.08

%

5.05

%

—

(297)

 bps

 Two-year U.S. Treasury note—average rate

0.96

%

2.01

%

4.36

%

(105)

 bps

(235)

 bps

 10-year U.S.
 Treasury note—average rate

3.26

%

3.66

%

4.63

%

(40)

 bps

(97)

 bps

 10-year vs.
 two-year spread

230

 bps

165

 bps

27

 bps

 (1)

Reclassified
 to conform to the current period’s presentation and to exclude
 discontinued operations.

 (2)

Excludes
 taxable equivalent adjustments (based on the U.S. federal statutory tax
 rate of 35%) of $752 million, $323 million, and $125 million for 2009,
 2008, and 2007, respectively.

 (3)

Excludes
 expenses associated with hybrid financial instruments and beneficial
 interest in consolidated VIEs. These obligations are classified as

Long-term debt 

and accounted for at fair value
 with changes recorded in 
Principal
 transactions

.
 In addition, the majority of the funding provided by Treasury to
 CitiCapital operations is excluded from this
line.

      A significant portion of Citi’s business activities are based upon
gathering deposits and borrowing money and then lending or investing those
funds, including market-making activities in tradable securities. Net interest
margin (NIM) is calculated by dividing annualized gross interest revenue less
gross interest expense by average interest earning assets. 

     During the second half of 2009, the yields across both the
interest-earning assets as well as the interest-bearing liabilities dropped
significantly from the same period in 2008. The lower asset yields more than
offset the lower cost of funds, resulting in slightly lower NIM compared to the
prior-year period. The narrowing of yields in Citi’s asset businesses due to the
continued de-risking of loan portfolios and expansion of loss mitigation efforts
and the natural compression of spreads in the deposit businesses, a result of
the continued low rates environment, negatively impacted NIM. The impact of
these factors was reduced by the lower asset base. 

93

AVERAGE BALANCES AND INTEREST
RATES—ASSETS 

(1)(2)(3)(4)

Average volume

Interest revenue

% Average rate

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

2009

2008

2007

2009

2008

2007

 Assets

 Deposits with banks (5)

$

186,841

$

77,200

$

53,044

$

1,478

$

3,074

$

3,097

0.79

%

3.98

%

5.84

%

 Federal funds sold and securities
 borrowed or purchased

        under agreements to resell

(6)

 In U.S. offices

$

138,579

$

164,732

$

192,824

$

1,975

$

5,071

$

11,728

1.43

%

3.08

%

6.08

%

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (5)

63,909

73,833

129,301

1,109

4,079

6,613

1.74

5.52

5.11

 Total

$

202,488

$

238,565

$

322,125

$

3,084

$

9,150

$

18,341

1.52

%

3.84

%

5.69

%

 Trading account assets (7) 

(8)

 In U.S. offices

$

140,233

$

221,455

$

263,922

$

6,844

$

12,331

$

13,557

4.88

%

5.57

%

5.14

%

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (5)

126,309

151,071

171,504

3,879

5,115

4,917

3.07

3.39

2.87

 Total

$

266,542

$

372,526

$

435,426

$

10,723

$

17,446

$

18,474

4.02

%

4.68

%

4.24

%

 Investments

 In U.S. offices

        Taxable

$

124,404

$

112,071

$

136,482

$

6,208

$

4,846

$

6,840

4.99

%

4.32

%

5.01

%

 Exempt from U.S. income tax (1)

16,489

13,584

17,796

864

613

909

5.24

4.51

5.11

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (5)

118,988

94,725

108,875

6,047

5,259

5,674

5.08

5.55

5.21

 Total

$

259,881

$

220,380

$

263,153

$

13,119

$

10,718

$

13,423

5.05

%

4.86

%

5.10

%

 Loans (net of unearned income)
 (9)

 Consumer loans

 In U.S. offices

$

304,976

$

339,417

$

336,742

$

21,982

$

27,456

$

27,794

7.21

%

8.09

%

8.25

%

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (5)

151,262

173,851

157,888

13,402

17,963

17,016

8.86

10.33

10.78

 Total
 consumer loans

$

456,238

$

513,268

$

494,630

$

35,384

$

45,419

$

44,810

7.76

%

8.85

%

9.06

%

 Corporate loans

 In U.S. offices

$

73,961

$

77,450

$

62,321

$

2,709

$

3,482

$

5,095

3.66

%

4.50

%

8.18

%

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (5)

116,421

143,806

153,956

9,364

13,435

13,296

8.04

9.34

8.64

 Total
 corporate loans

$

190,382

$

221,256

$

216,277

$

12,073

$

16,917

$

18,391

6.34

%

7.65

%

8.50

%

 Total loans

$

646,620

$

734,524

$

710,907

$

47,457

$

62,336

$

63,201

7.34

%

8.49

%

8.89

%

 Other interest-earning
 assets

$

49,707

$

94,123

$

89,742

$

774

$

3,775

$

4,811

1.56

%

4.01

%

5.36

%

 Total
 interest-earning assets

$

1,612,079

$

1,737,318

$

1,874,397

$

76,635

$

106,499

$

121,347

4.75

%

6.13

%

6.47

%

 Non-interest-earning assets (7)

$

264,165

$

383,150

$

249,958

 Total assets
 from discontinued operations

15,137

47,010

47,177

 Total assets

$

1,891,381

$

2,167,478

$

2,171,532

 (1)       

Interest revenue excludes the taxable equivalent adjustments (based
 on the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 35%) of $752 million, $323
 million, and $125 million for 2009, 2008, and 2007,
 respectively.

 (2)

Interest rates and amounts include the effects of risk management
 activities associated with the respective asset and liability categories.

 (3)

Monthly or quarterly averages have been used by certain
 subsidiaries where daily averages are unavailable.

 (4)

Detailed average volume, interest revenue and interest expense
 exclude discontinued operations. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

 (5)

Average rates reflect prevailing local interest rates, including
 inflationary effects and monetary corrections in certain
 countries.

 (6)

Average volumes of securities borrowed or purchased under
 agreements to resell are reported net. However, Interest revenue is
 reflected gross.

 (7)

The fair value carrying amounts of derivative and foreign exchange
 contracts are reported in non-interest-earning assets and other
 non-interest-bearing liabilities.

 (8)

Interest expense on 
Trading account liabilities

of 
ICG 

is reported as a reduction of
 interest revenue. Interest revenue and interest expense on cash collateral
 positions are reported in 
Trading account assets

and

Trading account
 liabilities

,
 respectively.

 (9)

Includes cash-basis loans.

Reclassified to
conform to the current period’s presentation.

94

AVERAGE BALANCES AND INTEREST RATES—LIABILITIES AND EQUITY, AND NET
INTEREST REVENUE 

(1)(2)(3)(4)

Average volume

Interest expense

% Average rate

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

2009

2008

2007

2009

2008

2007

 Liabilities

 Deposits

 In U.S. offices

 Savings deposits (5)

$

174,260

$

167,509

$

154,229

$

2,765

$

2,921

$

4,772

1.59

%

1.74

%

3.09

%

        Other time deposits

59,673

58,998

58,808

1,104

2,604

3,358

1.85

4.41

5.71

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (6)

443,601

473,452

481,874

6,277

14,746

20,272

1.42

3.11

4.21

 Total

$

677,534

$

699,959

$

694,911

$

10,146

$

20,271

$

28,402

1.50

%

2.90

%

4.09

%

 Federal funds purchased and
 securities loaned or sold under

        agreements to repurchase (7)

 In U.S. offices

$

133,375

$

185,621

$

244,258

$

988

$

5,066

$

14,339

0.74

%

2.73

%

5.87

%

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (6)

72,258

95,857

140,941

2,445

6,199

8,664

3.38

6.47

6.15

 Total

$

205,633

$

281,478

$

385,199

$

3,433

$

11,265

$

23,003

1.67

%

4.00

%

5.97

%

 Trading account
 liabilities  (8)
 (9)

 In U.S. offices

$

22,854

$

31,984

$

46,383

$

222

$

1,107

$

1,142

0.97

%

3.46

%

2.46

%

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (6)

37,244

42,941

56,843

67

150

278

0.18

0.35

0.49

 Total

$

60,098

$

74,925

$

103,226

$

289

$

1,257

$

1,420

0.48

%

1.68

%

1.38

%

 Short-term
 borrowings

 In U.S. offices

$

123,168

$

154,190

$

169,457

$

1,050

$

3,241

$

6,234

0.85

%

2.10

%

3.68

%

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (6)

33,379

51,499

58,384

375

670

789

1.12

1.30

1.35

 Total

$

156,547

$

205,689

$

227,841

$

1,425

$

3,911

$

7,023

0.91

%

1.90

%

3.08

%

 Long-term debt (10)

 In U.S. offices

$

316,223

$

311,439

$

266,968

$

11,347

$

14,305

$

14,245

3.59

%

4.59

%

5.34

%

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (6)

29,132

36,981

35,709

1,081

1,741

1,865

3.71

4.71

5.22

 Total

$

345,355

$

348,420

$

302,677

$

12,428

$

16,046

$

16,110

3.60

%

4.61

%

5.32

%

 Total interest-bearing
 liabilities

$

1,445,167

$

1,610,471

$

1,713,854

$

27,721

$

52,750

$

75,958

1.92

%

3.28

%

4.43

%

 Demand deposits in U.S.
 offices

$

27,032

$

8,308

$

7,510

 Other non-interest-bearing liabilities (8)

263,296

381,912

300,156

 Total
 liabilities from discontinued operations

9,502

28,471

23,969

 Total liabilities

$

1,744,997

$

2,029,162

$

2,045,489

 Citigroup equity (11)

$

144,510

$

132,708

$

122,823

 Noncontrolling
 interest

1,874

5,608

3,220

 Total stockholders’ equity (11)

$

146,384

$

138,316

$

126,043

 Total liabilities and stockholders’
 equity

$

1,891,381

$

2,167,478

$

2,171,532

 Net interest revenue as a
 percentage of average

        interest-earning assets (12)

 In U.S. offices

$

962,084

$

1,005,414

$

1,079,565

$

23,956

$

25,982

$

22,069

2.49

%

2.58

%

2.04

%

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (6)

649,995

731,903

794,832

24,958

27,767

23,320

3.84

3.79

2.93

 Total

$

1,612,079

$

1,737,317

$

1,874,397

$

48,914

$

53,749

$

45,389

3.03

%

3.09

%

2.42

%

 (1)       

Interest revenue excludes the taxable equivalent adjustments (based
 on the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 35%) of $752 million, $323
 million, and $125 million for 2009, 2008, and 2007,
 respectively.

 (2)

Interest rates and amounts include the effects of risk management
 activities associated with the respective asset and liability
 categories.

 (3)

Monthly or quarterly averages have been used by certain
 subsidiaries where daily averages are unavailable.

 (4)

Detailed average volume, interest revenue and interest expense
 exclude discontinued operations. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

 (5)

Savings deposits consist of Insured Money Market accounts, NOW
 accounts, and other savings deposits. The interest expense includes FDIC
 deposit insurance fees and charges.

 (6)

Average rates reflect prevailing local interest rates, including
 inflationary effects and monetary corrections in certain
 countries.

 (7)

Average volumes of securities loaned or sold under agreements to
 repurchase are reported net. However, Interest revenue is reflected
 gross.

 (8)

The fair value carrying amounts of derivative and foreign exchange
 contracts are reported in non-interest-earning assets and other
 non-interest-bearing liabilities.

 (9)

Interest expense on 
Trading account liabilities

of 
ICG 

is reported as a reduction of
 interest revenue. Interest revenue and interest expense on cash collateral
 positions are reported in 
Trading account assets

and

Trading account
 liabilities

,
 respectively.

 (10)

Excludes hybrid financial instruments and beneficial interests in
 consolidated VIEs that are classified as 
Long-term debt

, as these obligations are
 accounted for at fair value with changes recorded in 
Principal
 transactions

.
 In addition, the majority of the funding provided by Treasury to
 CitiCapital operations is excluded from this line.

 (11)

Includes stockholders’ equity from discontinued
 operations.

 (12)

Includes allocations for capital and funding costs based on the
 location of the asset.

Reclassified to conform to the
current period’s presentation. 

95

ANALYSIS OF CHANGES IN INTEREST REVENUE

(1)(2)(3)

2009 vs. 2008

2008 vs.
 2007

Increase
(decrease)

Increase (decrease)

due to change in:

due to change
 in:

Average

Average

Net

Average

Average

Net

 In millions of
 dollars

volume

rate

change

volume

rate

change

 Deposits with banks (4)

$

2,129

$

(3,725

)

$

(1,596

)

$

1,146

$

(1,169

)

$

(23

)

 Federal funds sold and securities
 borrowed or

        purchased under agreements to
 resell

 In U.S. offices

$

(706

)

$

(2,390

)

$

(3,096

)

$

(1,516

)

$

(5,141

)

$

(6,657

)

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (4)

(487

)

(2,483

)

(2,970

)

(3,029

)

495

(2,534

)

 Total

$

(1,193

)

$

(4,873

)

$

(6,066

)

$

(4,545

)

$

(4,646

)

$

(9,191

)

 Trading account assets (5)

 In U.S. offices

$

(4,105

)

$

(1,382

)

$

(5,487

)

$

(2,302

)

$

1,076

$

(1,226

)

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (4)

(788

)

(448

)

(1,236

)

(628

)

826

198

 Total

$

(4,893

)

$

(1,830

)

$

(6,723

)

$

(2,930

)

$

1,902

$

(1,028

)

 Investments (1)

 In U.S. offices

$

707

$

906

$

1,613

$

(1,325

)

$

(965

)

$

(2,290

)

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (4)

1,261

(473

)

788

(769

)

354

(415

)

 Total

$

1,968

$

433

$

2,401

$

(2,094

)

$

(611

)

$

(2,705

)

 Loans—consumer

 In U.S. offices

$

(2,640

)

$

(2,834

)

$

(5,474

)

$

220

$

(558

)

$

(338

)

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (4)

(2,175

)

(2,386

)

(4,561

)

1,670

(723

)

947

 Total

$

(4,815

)

$

(5,220

)

$

(10,035

)

$

1,890

$

(1,281

)

$

609

 Loans—corporate

 In U.S. offices

$

(151

)

$

(622

)

$

(773

)

$

1,042

$

(2,655

)

$

(1,613

)

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (4)

(2,353

)

(1,718

)

(4,071

)

(909

)

1,048

139

 Total

$

(2,504

)

$

(2,340

)

$

(4,844

)

$

133

$

(1,607

)

$

(1,474

)

 Total loans

$

(7,319

)

$

(7,560

)

$

(14,879

)

$

2,023

$

(2,888

)

$

(865

)

 Other interest-earning
 assets

$

(1,307

)

$

(1,694

)

$

(3,001

)

$

225

$

(1,261

)

$

(1,036

)

 Total interest
 revenue

$

(10,615

)

$

(19,249

)

$

(29,864

)

$

(6,175

)

$

(8,673

)

$

(14,848

)

 (1)       

The taxable equivalent adjustment is based on the U.S. federal
 statutory tax rate of 35% and is excluded from this
 presentation.

 (2)

Rate/volume variance is allocated based on the percentage
 relationship of changes in volume and changes in rate to the total net
 change.

 (3)

Detailed average volume, interest revenue and interest expense
 exclude discontinued operations. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

 (4)

Changes in average rates reflect changes in prevailing local
 interest rates, including inflationary effects and monetary corrections in
 certain countries.

 (5)

Interest expense on 
Trading account liabilities

of 
ICG 

is reported as a reduction of
 interest revenue. Interest revenue and interest expense on cash collateral
 positions are reported in 
Trading account assets

and

Trading account
 liabilities

,
 respectively.

96

ANALYSIS OF CHANGES IN INTEREST EXPENSE
AND NET INTEREST REVENUE 

(1)(2)(3)

2009 vs. 2008

2008 vs.
 2007

Increase
(decrease)

Increase (decrease)

due to change in:

due to change
 in:

Average

Average

Net

Average

Average

Net

 In millions of
 dollars

volume

rate

change

volume

rate

change

 Deposits

 In U.S. offices

$

176

$

(1,832

)

$

(1,656

)

$

486

$

(3,091

)

$

(2,605

)

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (4)

(877

)

(7,592

)

(8,469

)

(349

)

(5,177

)

(5,526

)

 Total

$

(701

)

$

(9,424

)

$

(10,125

)

$

137

$

(8,268

)

$

(8,131

)

 Federal funds purchased and
 securities loaned

        or sold under agreements to
 repurchase

 In U.S. offices

$

(1,136

)

$

(2,942

)

$

(4,078

)

$

(2,872

)

$

(6,401

)

$

(9,273

)

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (4)

(1,279

)

(2,475

)

(3,754

)

(2,895

)

430

(2,465

)

 Total

$

(2,415

)

$

(5,417

)

$

(7,832

)

$

(5,767

)

$

(5,971

)

$

(11,738

)

 Trading account liabilities (5)

 In U.S. offices

$

(251

)

$

(634

)

$

(885

)

$

(417

)

$

382

$

(35

)

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (4)

(18

)

(65

)

(83

)

(59

)

(69

)

(128

)

 Total

$

(269

)

$

(699

)

$

(968

)

$

(476

)

$

313

$

(163

)

 Short-term
 borrowings

 In U.S. offices

$

(554

)

$

(1,637

)

$

(2,191

)

$

(520

)

$

(2,473

)

$

(2,993

)

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (4)

(213

)

(82

)

(295

)

(90

)

(29

)

(119

)

 Total

$

(767

)

$

(1,719

)

$

(2,486

)

$

(610

)

$

(2,502

)

$

(3,112

)

 Long-term debt

 In U.S. offices

$

217

$

(3,175

)

$

(2,958

)

$

2,193

$

(2,133

)

$

60

 In offices
 outside the U.S. (4)

(331

)

(329

)

(660

)

65

(189

)

(124

)

 Total

$

(114

)

$

(3,504

)

$

(3,618

)

$

2,258

$

(2,322

)

$

(64

)

 Total interest
 expense

$

(4,266

)

$

(20,763

)

$

(25,029

)

$

(4,458

)

$

(18,750

)

$

(23,208

)

 Net interest
 revenue

$

(6,349

)

$

1,514

$

(4,835

)

$

(1,717

)

$

10,077

$

8,360

 (1)       

The taxable equivalent adjustment is based on the U.S. federal
 statutory tax rate of 35% and is excluded from this
 presentation.

 (2)

Rate/volume variance is allocated based on the percentage
 relationship of changes in volume and changes in rate to the total net
 change.

 (3)

Detailed average volume, interest revenue and interest expense
 exclude discontinued operations. See Note 3 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

 (4)

Changes in average rates reflect changes in prevailing local
 interest rates, including inflationary effects and monetary corrections in
 certain countries.

 (5)

Interest expense on 
Trading account liabilities

of 
ICG 

is reported as a reduction of
 interest revenue. Interest revenue and interest expense on cash collateral
 positions are reported in 
Trading account assets

and

Trading account
 liabilities

,
 respectively.

97

 OPERATIONAL RISK

Operational risk is the risk of loss resulting
from inadequate or failed internal processes, systems or human factors, or from
external events. It includes the reputation and franchise risk associated with
business practices or market conduct in which Citi is involved. Operational risk
is inherent in Citigroup’s global business activities and, as with other risk
types, is managed through an overall framework designed to balance strong
corporate oversight with well-defined independent risk management. This
framework includes:

 recognized ownership of the risk
 by the businesses;

oversight by independent risk
 management; and

independent review by Citi’s Audit
 and Risk Review (ARR). 

     The goal is to keep operational risk at appropriate levels relative to
the characteristics of Citigroup’s businesses, the markets in which the company
operates its capital and liquidity, and the competitive, economic and regulatory
environment. Notwithstanding these controls, Citigroup incurs operational
losses. 

Framework

To monitor, mitigate and control operational
risk, Citigroup maintains a system of comprehensive policies and has established
a consistent, value-added framework for assessing and communicating operational
risk and the overall effectiveness of the internal control environment across
Citigroup. An Operational Risk Council provides oversight for operational risk
across Citigroup. The Council’s membership includes senior members of the Chief
Risk Officer’s organization covering multiple dimensions of risk management with
representatives of the Business and Regional Chief Risk Officers’ organizations
and the Business Management Group. The Council’s focus is on further advancing
operational risk management at Citigroup with a focus on proactive
identification and mitigation of operational risk and related incidents. The
Council works with the business segments and the control functions to help
ensure a transparent, consistent and comprehensive framework for managing
operational risk globally. 

Each major business segment must implement an
operational risk process consistent with the requirements of this framework. The
process for operational risk management includes the following steps:

 identify and assess key
 operational risks;

establish key risk
 indicators;

produce a comprehensive
 operational risk report; and

prioritize and assure adequate
 resources to actively improve the 
operational risk environment and mitigate emerging risks.

     The operational risk standards facilitate the effective communication and
mitigation of operational risk both within and across businesses. As new
products and business activities are developed, processes are designed, modified
or sourced through alternative means and operational risks are considered.
Information about the businesses’ operational risk, historical

 losses, and the control
environment is reported by each major business segment and functional area, and
is summarized and reported to senior management as well as the Risk Management
and Finance Committee of Citi’s Board of Directors and the full Board of
Directors. 

Measurement
and Basel II

To
support advanced capital modeling and management, the businesses are required to
capture relevant operational risk capital information. An enhanced version of
the risk capital model for operational risk has been developed and implemented
across the major business segments as a step toward readiness for Basel II
capital calculations. The risk capital calculation is designed to qualify as an
“Advanced Measurement Approach” under Basel II. It uses a combination of
internal and external loss data to support statistical modeling of capital
requirement estimates, which are then adjusted to reflect qualitative data
regarding the operational risk and control environment.

Information
Security and Continuity of Business

Information security and the protection of
confidential and sensitive customer data are a priority for Citigroup. Citi has
implemented an Information Security Program that complies with the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act and other regulatory guidance. The Information Security
Program is reviewed and enhanced periodically to address emerging threats to
customers’ information. 

The Corporate Office of Business Continuity,
with the support of senior management, continues to coordinate global
preparedness and mitigate business continuity risks by reviewing and testing
recovery procedures.

98

 COUNTRY AND FFIEC CROSS-BORDER RISK
MANAGEMENT PROCESS

Country
Risk

Country
risk is the risk that an event in a foreign country will impair the value of
Citigroup assets or will adversely affect the ability of obligors within that
country to honor their obligations to Citigroup. Country risk events may include
sovereign defaults, banking or currency crises, social instability, and changes
in governmental policies (for example, expropriation, nationalization,
confiscation of assets and other changes in legislation relating to
international ownership). Country risk includes local franchise risk, credit
risk, market risk, operational risk and cross-border
risk. 

The country risk management framework at
Citigroup includes a number of tools and management processes designed to
facilitate the ongoing analysis of individual countries and their risks. These
include country risk rating models, scenario planning and stress testing,
internal watch lists, and the Country Risk Committee
process. 

The Citigroup Country Risk Committee is the
senior forum to evaluate Citi’s total business footprint within a specific
country franchise with emphasis on responses to current potential country risk
events. The Committee is chaired by the Head of Global Country Risk Management
and includes as its members senior risk management officers, senior regional
business heads, and senior product heads. The Committee regularly reviews all
risk exposures within a country, makes recommendations as to actions, and
follows up to ensure appropriate accountability. 

Cross-Border Risk

Cross-border risk is the risk that actions
taken by a non-U.S. government may prevent the conversion of local currency into
non-local currency and/ or the transfer of funds outside the country, among
other risks, thereby impacting the ability of Citigroup and its customers
to transact business across borders. Examples of cross-border risk include
actions taken by foreign governments such as

 exchange controls, debt
moratoria, or restrictions on the remittance of funds. These actions might
restrict the transfer of funds or the ability of Citigroup to obtain payment
from customers on their contractual obligations. See Note 32 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for a recent example of this
risk.

Management oversight of cross-border risk is performed through a formal
review process that includes annual setting of cross-border limits and ongoing
monitoring of cross-border exposures, as well as monitoring of economic
conditions globally and the establishment of internal cross-border risk
management policies.

Under Federal Financial Institutions
Examination Council (FFIEC) regulatory guidelines, total reported cross-border
outstandings include cross-border claims on third parties, as well as
investments in and funding of local franchises. Cross-border claims on third
parties (trade and short-, medium- and long-term claims) include cross-border
loans, securities, deposits with banks, investments in affiliates, and other
monetary assets, as well as net revaluation gains on foreign exchange and
derivative products. 

Cross-border outstandings are reported based
on the country of the obligor or guarantor. Outstandings backed by cash
collateral are assigned to the country in which the collateral is held. For
securities received as collateral, cross-border outstandings are reported in the
domicile of the issuer of the securities. Cross-border resale agreements are
presented based on the domicile of the counterparty in accordance with FFIEC
guidelines. 

Investments in and funding of local franchises
represent the excess of local country assets over local country liabilities.
Local country assets are claims on local residents recorded by branches and
majority-owned subsidiaries of Citigroup domiciled in the country, adjusted for
externally guaranteed claims and certain collateral. Local country liabilities
are obligations of non-U.S. branches and majority-owned subsidiaries of
Citigroup for which no cross-border guarantee has been issued by another
Citigroup office. 

 COUNTRY AND CROSS-BORDER
RISK

The table below
shows all countries where total Federal Financial Institutions Examination
Council (FFIEC) cross-border outstandings exceed 0.75% of total Citigroup
assets:

December 31, 2009

December 31,
 2008

Cross-Border Claims on Third
 Parties

Trading

Investments

and

in and

short-

funding of

Total

Total

term

local

cross-border

cross-border

 In billions of
 dollars

Banks

Public

Private

Total

claims

franchises

 (1)

outstandings

Commitments

 (2)

outstandings

Commitments

(2)

 France

$

11.4

$

10.9

$

10.4

$

32.7

$

22.8

—

$32.7

$ 68.5

$21.4

$66.4

 Germany

9.6

9.2

5.9

24.7

17.7

3.8

28.5

53.1

29.9

48.6

 India

1.7

0.4

10.1

12.2

9.4

15.8

28.0

1.8

28.0

1.6

 South Korea

1.1

1.4

8.0

10.5

10.3

11.6

22.1

14.4

22.0

15.7

 Italy

0.9

15.9

3.0

19.8

13.6

1.9

21.7

21.2

14.7

20.2

 Netherlands

7.0

5.1

8.2

20.3

13.0

—

20.3

65.7

17.7

67.4

 Japan

11.2

0.1

3.4

14.7

14.1

4.1

18.8

26.3

4.3

31.8

 Cayman Islands

0.2

—

16.5

16.7

15.2

—

16.7

6.1

22.1

8.2

 United Kingdom

6.5

0.2

9.8

16.5

13.6

—

16.5

140.2

26.3

128.3

 (1)

Included in
 total cross-border claims on third parties.

 (2)

Commitments
 (not included in total cross-border outstandings) include legally binding
 cross-border letters of credit and other commitments and contingencies as
 defined by the FFIEC. Effective March 31, 2006, the FFIEC revised the
 definition of commitments to include commitments to local residents to be
 funded with local currency local
liabilities.

99

 DERIVATIVES

 See Note 24 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements for a discussion and disclosures relate to Citigroup’s
derivative activities. The following discussions relate to the Derivative
Obligor Information, the Fair Valuation for Derivatives and Credit Derivatives
activities. 

Derivative
Obligor Information

The following table presents the global derivatives portfolio by internal
obligor credit rating at December 31, 2009 and 2008, as a percentage of credit
exposure: 

December 31,

December 31,

2009

2008

 AAA/AA/A

68

%

68

%

 BBB

17

20

 BB/B

8

7

 CCC or below

7

5

 Unrated

—

—

 Total

100

%

100

%

The following table
presents the global derivatives portfolio by industry of the obligor as a
percentage of credit exposure:

December 31,

December 31,

2009

2008

 Financial institutions

64

%

73

%

 Governments

8

7

 Corporations

28

20

 Total

100

%

100

%

 Fair
Valuation Adjustments for Derivatives

The fair value adjustments applied by
Citigroup to its derivative carrying values consist of the following
items:

 Liquidity adjustments are applied
 to items in Level 2 or Level 3 of the fair-value hierarchy (see Note 26 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements for more details) to ensure that the fair
 value reflects the price at which the entire position could be liquidated. The
 liquidity reserve is based on the bid/offer spread for an instrument, adjusted
 to take into account the size of the position.

Credit valuation adjustments (CVA)
 are applied to over-the-counter derivative instruments, in which the base
 valuation generally discounts expected cash flows using LIBOR interest rate
 curves. Because not all counterparties have the same credit risk as that
 implied by the relevant LIBOR curve, a CVA is necessary to incorporate the
 market view of both counterparty credit risk and Citi’s own credit risk in the
 valuation. 

     Citigroup CVA methodology comprises two steps. First, the exposure
profile for each counterparty is determined using the terms of all individual
derivative positions and a Monte Carlo simulation or other quantitative analysis
to generate a series of expected cash flows at future points in time. The
calculation of this exposure profile considers the effect of credit risk
mitigants, including pledged cash or other collateral and any legal right of
offset that exists with a counterparty through arrangements such as netting
agreements. Individual derivative contracts that are subject to an enforceable
master netting agreement with a counterparty are aggregated for this purpose,
since it is those aggregate net cash flows that are subject to nonperformance
risk. This process identifies specific, point-in-time future cash flows that are
subject to nonperformance risk, rather than using the current recognized net
asset or liability as a basis to measure the
CVA. 

Second, market-based views of default
probabilities derived from observed credit spreads in the credit default swap
market are applied to the expected future cash flows determined in step one.
Own-credit CVA is determined using Citi-specific CDS spreads for the relevant
tenor. Generally, counterparty CVA is determined using CDS spread indices for
each credit rating and tenor. For certain identified facilities where individual
analysis is practicable (for example, exposures to monoline counterparties)
counterparty-specific CDS spreads are
used. 

The CVA adjustment is designed to incorporate
a market view of the credit risk inherent in the derivative portfolio. However,
most derivative instruments are negotiated bilateral contracts and are not
commonly transferred to third parties. Derivative instruments are normally
settled contractually, or if terminated early, are terminated at a value
negotiated bilaterally between 

100

 the counterparties.
Therefore, the CVA (both counterparty and own-credit) may not be realized upon a
settlement or termination in the normal course of business. In addition, all or
a portion of the credit valuation adjustments may be reversed or otherwise
adjusted in future periods in the event of changes in the credit risk of Citi or
its counterparties, or changes in the credit mitigants (collateral and netting
agreements) associated with the derivative instruments. Historically,
Citigroup’s credit spreads have moved in tandem with general counterparty credit
spreads, thus providing offsetting CVAs affecting revenue. However, in the
fourth quarter of 2008, Citigroup’s credit spreads generally narrowed and
counterparty credit spreads widened, each of which negatively affected revenues
in 2008. During 2009, both Citigroup’s and counterparty credit spreads narrowed.
The table below summarizes the CVA applied to the fair value of derivative
instruments as of December 31, 2009 and 2008.

Credit valuation
 adjustment

Contra-liability
 (contra-asset

)

December 31,

December 31,

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Non-monoline
 counterparties

$

(2,483

)

$

(8,266

)

 Citigroup
 (own)

1,349

3,646

 Net non-monoline CVA

$

(1,134

)

$

(4,620

)

 Monoline
 counterparties (1)

(5,580

)

(4,279

)

 Total CVA—derivative
 instruments

$

(6,714

)

$

(8,899

)

 (1)

 Certain
 derivatives with monoline counterparties were terminated during 2008.

     The table below summarizes pretax gains (losses) related to changes in
credit valuation adjustments on derivative instruments for the years ended
December 31, 2009 and 2008:

Credit valuation

adjustment gain

(loss

)

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Non-monoline
 counterparties

$

5,783

$

(6,653

)

 Citigroup
 (own)

(2,297

)

2,303

 Net non-monoline CVA

$

3,486

$

(4,350

)

 Monoline
 counterparties

(1,301

)

(5,736

)

 Total CVA—derivative
 instruments

$

2,185

$

(10,086

)

      The credit valuation adjustment amounts shown above relate solely to the
derivative portfolio, and do not include:

 Own-credit adjustments for
 non-derivative liabilities measured at fair value under the fair value option.
 See Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further
 information.

The effect of counterparty credit
 risk embedded in non-derivative instruments. During 2008 and 2009 a range of
 financial instruments.Losses on non-derivative instruments, such as bonds
 and loans, related to counterparty credit risk are not included in the table
 above.

Credit
Derivatives

Citigroup makes markets in and trades a range of credit derivatives, both
on behalf of clients as well as for its own account. Through these contracts
Citigroup either purchases or writes protection on either a single-name or
portfolio basis. Citi uses credit derivatives to help mitigate credit risk in
its corporate loan portfolio and other cash positions, to take proprietary
trading positions, and to facilitate client
transactions.

Credit derivatives generally require that the
seller of credit protection make payments to the buyer upon the occurrence of
predefined events (settlement triggers). These settlement triggers, which are
defined by the form of the derivative and the referenced credit, are generally
limited to the market standard of failure to pay on indebtedness and bankruptcy
(or comparable events) of the reference credit and, in a more limited range of
transactions, debt
restructuring. 

Credit derivative transactions referring to
emerging market reference credits will also typically include additional
settlement triggers to cover the acceleration of indebtedness and the risk of
repudiation or a payment moratorium. In certain transactions on a portfolio of
referenced credits or asset-backed securities, the seller of protection may not
be required to make payment until a specified amount of losses has occurred with
respect to the portfolio and/or may only be required to pay for losses up to a
specified amount.

101

     The following tables summarize the key characteristics of Citi’s credit
derivative portfolio by counterparty and derivative form as of December 31, 2009
and December 31, 2008:

 2009

Fair values

Notionals

 In millions of
 dollars

Receivable

Payable

Beneficiary

Guarantor

 By
 industry/counterparty

 Bank

$

52,383

$

50,778

$

872,523

$

807,484

 Broker-dealer

23,241

22,932

338,829

340,949

 Monoline

5,860

—

10,018

33

 Non-financial

339

371

13,437

13,221

 Insurance and
 other financial institutions

10,969

8,343

98,155

52,366

 Total by
 industry/counterparty

$

92,792

$

82,424

$

1,332,962

$

1,214,053

 By instrument

 Credit default swaps and
 options

$

91,625

$

81,174

$

1,305,724

$

1,213,208

 Total return
 swaps and other

1,167

1,250

27,238

845

 Total by
instrument

$

92,792

$

82,424

$

1,332,962

$

1,214,053

 2008

Fair values

Notionals

 In millions of
 dollars

Receivable

Payable

Beneficiary

Guarantor

 By
 industry/counterparty

 Bank

$

128,042

$

121,811

$

996,248

$

943,949

 Broker-dealer

59,321

56,858

403,501

365,664

 Monoline

6,886

91

9,973

139

 Non-financial

4,874

2,561

5,608

7,540

 Insurance and
 other financial institutions

29,228

22,388

180,354

125,988

 Total by
 industry/counterparty

$

228,351

$

203,709

$

1,595,684

$

1,443,280

 By instrument

 Credit default swaps and
 options

$

221,159

$

203,220

$

1,560,222

$

1,441,375

 Total return
 swaps and other

7,192

489

35,462

1,905

 Total by
instrument

$

228,351

$

203,709

$

1,595,684

$

1,443,280

      The fair values shown are prior to the application of any netting
agreements, cash collateral, and market or credit value
adjustments. 

Citigroup actively participates in trading a
variety of credit derivatives products as both an active two-way market-maker
for clients and to manage credit risk. The majority of this activity was
transacted with other financial intermediaries, including both banks and
broker-dealers. Citigroup generally has a mismatch between the total notional
amounts of protection purchased and sold and it may hold the reference assets
directly, rather than entering into offsetting credit derivative contracts as
and when desired. The open risk exposures from credit derivative contracts are
largely matched after certain cash positions in reference assets are considered
and after notional amounts are adjusted, either to a duration-based equivalent
basis or to reflect the level of subordination in tranched structures.

      Citi actively monitors its counterparty credit risk in credit derivative
contracts. Approximately 85% and 88% of the gross receivables are from
counterparties with which Citi maintains collateral agreements as of December
31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. A majority of Citi’s top 15 counterparties (by
receivable balance owed to the company) are banks, financial institutions or
other dealers. Contracts with these counterparties do not include ratings-based
termination events. However, counterparty rating downgrades may have an
incremental effect by lowering the threshold at which Citigroup may call for
additional collateral. A number of the remaining significant counterparties are
monolines (which have CVA as shown above).

102

PENSION AND
POSTRETIREMENT PLANS

 Citigroup has several
non-contributory defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all U.S.
employees and has various defined benefit pension and termination indemnity
plans covering employees outside the United States. The U.S. defined benefit
plan provides benefits under a cash balance formula. Employees satisfying
certain age and service requirements remain covered by a prior final pay
formula. Citigroup also offers postretirement health care and life insurance
benefits to certain eligible U.S. retired employees, as well as to certain
eligible employees outside the United
States. 

The following table shows the pension
(benefit) expense and contributions for Citigroup’s plans: 

U.S. plans

Non-U.S. plans

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

2009

2008

2007

 Pension (benefit)

        expense 
(1)

$

(148

)

$

(160

)

$

179

$

198

$205

$123

 Company

        contributions 
(2)

—

—

—

382

286

223

 (1)

The 2008
 expense includes a $23 million curtailment loss for the U.S. plans and $22
 million for the non-U.S. plans recognized in the fourth quarter of 2008
 relating to Citigroup’s restructuring actions.

 (2)

In addition,
 Citigroup absorbed $11 million, $13 million and $15 million during 2009,
 2008 and 2007, respectively, relating to certain investment management
 fees and administration costs for the U.S. plans, which are excluded from
 this table.

     The following table shows the combined postretirement expense and
contributions for Citigroup’s U.S. and foreign plans:

U.S. and non-U.S.
 plans

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Postretirement expense (1)

$109

$115

$69

 Company
 contributions

91

103

72

 (1)

The 2008
 expense includes a $6 million curtailment loss related to Citigroup’s
 fourth quarter of 2008 restructuring
actions.

 Expected
Rate of Return

Citigroup determines its assumptions for the expected rate of return on
plan assets for its U.S. pension and postretirement plans using a “building
block” approach, which focuses on ranges of anticipated rates of return for each
asset class. A weighted range of nominal rates is then determined based on
target allocations to each asset class. Citigroup considers the expected rate of
return to be a long-term assessment of return expectations and does not
anticipate changing this assumption annually unless there are significant
changes in investment strategy or economic conditions. This contrasts with the
selection of the discount rate, future compensation increase rate, and certain
other assumptions, which are reconsidered annually in accordance with generally
accepted accounting
principles. 

The expected rate of return for the U.S.
pension and post-retirement plans was 7.75% at December 31, 2009, 7.75% at
December 31, 2008 and 8% at December 31, 2007, reflecting the performance of the
global capital markets. Actual returns in 2009 and 2008 were less than the
expected returns, while actual returns in 2007 were more than the expected
returns. This expected amount reflects the expected annual appreciation of the
plan assets and reduces the annual pension expense of Citigroup. It is deducted
from the sum of service cost, interest and other components of pension expense
to arrive at the net pension (benefit) expense. Net pension (benefit) expense
for the U.S. pension plans for 2009, 2008 and 2007 reflects deductions of $912,
$949 million and $889 million of expected returns, respectively.

103

      The following table shows the expected versus actual rate of return on
plan assets for the U.S. pension and postretirement plans: 

2009

2008

2007

 Expected rate of return

7.75

%

7.75

%

8.0

%

 Actual rate of
 return (1)

(2.77

)%

(5.42

)%

13.2

%

 (1)

Actual rates
 of return are presented gross of fees.

     For the foreign plans, pension expense for 2009 was reduced by the
expected return of $336 million, compared with the actual return of $728
million. Pension expense for 2008 and 2007 was reduced by expected returns of
$487 million and $477 million, respectively. Actual returns were higher in 2007,
but lower in 2008, than the expected returns in those years. 

Discount
Rate

The 2009
and 2008 discount rates for the U.S. pension and postretirement plans were
selected by reference to a Citigroup-specific analysis using each plan’s
specific cash flows and compared with the Moody’s Aa Long-Term Corporate Bond
Yield for reasonableness. Citigroup’s policy is to round to the nearest tenth of
a percent. Accordingly, at December 31, 2009, the discount rate was set at 5.9%
for the pension plans and at 5.55% for the postretirement welfare
plans. 

At December 31, 2008, the discount rate was
set at 6.1% for the pension plans and 6.0% for the postretirement plans,
referencing a Citigroup-specific cash flow
analysis. 

At December 31, 2007, the discount rate was
set at 6.2% for the pension plans and 6.0% for the postretirement plans,
referencing a Citigroup-specific cash flow
analysis. 

The discount rates for the foreign pension and
postretirement plans are selected by reference to high-quality corporate bond
rates in countries that have developed corporate bond markets. However, where
developed corporate bond markets do not exist, the discount rates are selected
by reference to local government bond rates with a premium added to reflect the
additional risk for corporate
bonds. 

For additional information on the pension and
postretirement plans, and on discount rates used in determining pension and
postretirement benefit obligations and net benefit expense for Citigroup’s
plans, as well as the effects of a one-percentage-point change in the expected
rates of return and the discount rates, see Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

104

SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND SIGNIFICANT
ESTIMATES

 Note 1 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements contains a summary of Citigroup’s significant
accounting policies, including a discussion of recently issued accounting
pronouncements. These policies, as well as estimates made by management, are
integral to the presentation of the company’s financial condition. While all of
these policies require a certain level of management judgment and estimates,
this section highlights and discusses the significant accounting policies that
require management to make highly difficult, complex, or subjective judgments
and estimates, at times regarding matters that are inherently uncertain and
susceptible to change. Management has discussed each of these significant
accounting policies, the related estimates, and its judgments with the
Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Additional information about
these policies can be found in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

VALUATIONS OF FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS

Citigroup
holds fixed-income and equity securities, derivatives, retained interests in
securitizations, investments in private equity, and other financial instruments.
In addition, Citigroup purchases securities under agreements to resell and sells
securities under agreements to repurchase. Citigroup holds its investments,
trading assets and liabilities, and resale and repurchase agreements on the
balance sheet to meet customer needs, to manage liquidity needs and interest
rate risks, and for proprietary trading and private equity
investing.

Substantially all of the assets and
liabilities described in the preceding paragraph are reflected at fair value on
Citigroup’s balance sheet. In addition, certain loans, short-term borrowings,
long-term debt and deposits as well as certain securities borrowed and loaned
positions that are collateralized with cash are carried at fair value.
Approximately 37.6% and 34.2% of total assets, and 16.5% and 20.4% of total
liabilities, are accounted for at fair value as of December 31, 2009 and 2008,
respectively.

When available, Citi generally uses quoted
market prices to determine fair value and classifies such items within Level 1
of the fair value hierarchy established under ASC 820-10,
 Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures

 (see Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements). If quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based upon
internally developed valuation models that use, where possible, current
market-based or independently sourced market parameters, such as interest rates,
currency rates, option volatilities, etc. Where a model is internally developed
and used to price a significant product, it is subject to validation and testing
by independent personnel. Such models are often based on a discounted cash flow
analysis.

Items valued using such internally generated
valuation techniques are classified according to the lowest level input or value
driver that is significant to the valuation. Thus, an item may be classified in
Level 3 even though there may be some significant inputs that are readily
observable.

As seen during the second half of 2007, the
credit crisis has caused some markets to become illiquid, thus reducing the
availability of certain 

 observable data used by
Citigroup’s valuation techniques. This illiquidity continued through 2008 and
2009. When or if liquidity returns to these markets, the valuations will revert
to using the related observable inputs in verifying internally calculated
values. For additional information on Citigroup’s fair value analysis, see
“Managing Global Risk” and “Balance Sheet Review.”

Recognition
of Changes in Fair Value

Changes in the valuation of the trading assets
and liabilities, as well as all other assets (excluding available-for-sale
securities) and liabilities carried at fair value are recorded in the
Consolidated Statement of Income. Changes in the valuation of available-for-sale
securities, other than write-offs and credit impairments, generally are recorded
in
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

(AOCI), which is a
component of 
Stockholders’ equity

 on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. A full
description of Citi’s related policies and procedures can be found in Notes 1,
26, 27 and 28 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Evaluation
of Other-than-Temporary Impairment

Citigroup’s conducts and documents periodic
reviews of all securities with unrealized losses to evaluate whether the
impairment is other than temporary. Prior to January 1, 2009 these reviews were
conducted pursuant to FSP FAS 115-2 and FAS 124-2 (now ASC 320-10-35,

Investments—Debt and Equity Securities:

Subsequent Measurement)

. Any unrealized loss identified as other than
temporary was recorded directly in the Consolidated Statement of Income. As of
January 1, 2009, Citigroup adopted ASC 320-10. Accordingly, any credit-related
impairment related to debt securities that Citi does not plan to sell and is not
likely to be required to sell is recognized in the Consolidated Statement of
Income, with the non-credit-related impairment recognized in AOCI. For other
impaired debt securities, the entire impairment is recognized in the
Consolidated Statement of Income. An unrealized loss exists when the current
fair value of an individual security is less than its amortized cost basis.
Unrealized losses that are determined to be temporary in nature are recorded,
net of tax, in AOCI for available-for-sale securities, while such losses related
to held-to-maturity securities are not recorded, as these investments are
carried at their amortized cost (less any other-than-temporary impairment). For
securities transferred to held-to-maturity from 
Trading account assets

, amortized cost is defined as the fair value amount of the securities at
the date of transfer. For securities transferred to held-to-maturity from
available-for-sale, amortized cost is defined as the original purchase cost,
plus or minus any accretion or amortization of interest, less any impairment
recognized in earnings.

Regardless of the classification of the
securities as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity, Citi has assessed each
position for credit impairment.

For a further discussion, see Note 16 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

105

 Key
Controls over Fair Value Measurement

Citi’s processes include a number of key
controls that are designed to ensure that fair value is measured appropriately,
particularly where a fair-value model is internally developed and used to price
a significant product. Such controls include a model validation policy requiring
that valuation models be validated by qualified personnel, independent from
those who created the models and escalation procedures, to ensure that
valuations using unverifiable inputs are identified and monitored on a regular
basis by senior management.

CVA
Methodology

ASC
820-10 requires that Citi’s own credit risk be considered in determining the
market value of any Citi liability carried at fair value. These liabilities
include derivative instruments as well as debt and other liabilities for which
the fair value option was elected. The credit valuation adjustment (CVA) is
recognized on the balance sheet as a reduction in the associated liability to
arrive at the fair value (carrying value) of the
liability.

Prior to the fourth quarter of 2008, Citi had
historically used its credit spreads observed in the credit default swap (CDS)
market to estimate the market value of these liabilities. Beginning in September
2008, Citi’s CDS spread and credit spreads observed in the bond market (cash
spreads) diverged from each other and from their historical relationship. For
example, the three-year CDS spread narrowed from 315 basis points (bps) on
September 30, 2008, to 202 bps on December 31, 2008, while the three-year cash
spread widened from 430 bps to 490 bps over the same time period. Due to the
persistence and significance of this divergence during the fourth quarter of
2008, management determined that such a pattern may not be temporary and that
using cash spreads would be more relevant to the valuation of debt instruments
(whether issued as liabilities or purchased as assets). Therefore, Citi changed
its method of estimating the market value of liabilities for which the fair
value option was elected to incorporate Citi’s cash spreads. (CDS spreads
continue to be used to calculate the CVA for derivative positions.) This change
in estimation methodology resulted in a $2.5 billion pretax gain recognized in
earnings in the fourth quarter of 2008. Citigroup recognized a pretax gain
of $4,558 million due to changes in the CVA balance in 2008.

      The table below summarizes the CVA for fair value option debt
instruments, determined under each methodology as of December 31, 2008 and 2007,
and the pretax gain that would have been recognized in 2008 had each methodology
been used consistently during 2008 and 2007.

 In millions of
 dollars

2008

2007

 Year-end CVA reserve balance as
 calculated using

 CDS spreads

$

2,953

$

888

 Cash spreads

5,446

1,359

 Difference (1)

$

2,493

$

471

 Year-to-date pretax gain from the
 change in CVA

        reserve that would have been
 recorded in the

        income statement as calculated using

 CDS spreads

$

2,065

$

888

 Cash spreads

4,087

1,359

 (1)

In changing
 the methodology for calculating the CVA reserve, Citi recorded the 2008
 cumulative difference of $2.493 billion in December 2008, resulting in a
 year-to-date pretax gain of $4.558 billion recorded in the Consolidated
 Statement of Income.

     The CVA recognized on fair value option debt instruments was $1,220
million and $5,446 million as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively.
Citigroup recognized a pretax loss of $4,226 million in 2009 due to changes in
the CVA balance. The pretax loss in 2009 includes a pretax adjustment of $330
million reflecting a correction of errors in the calculation of CVA for periods
through December 31, 2008.

For a further discussion, see Notes 1 and 34
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

106

 ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT
LOSSES

Management provides
reserves for an estimate of probable losses inherent in the funded loan
portfolio on the balance sheet in the form of an allowance for loan losses.
These reserves are established in accordance with Citigroup’s Credit Reserve
Policies, as approved by the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. Citi’s
Chief Risk Officer and Chief Financial Officer review the adequacy of the credit
loss reserves each quarter with representatives from the Risk Management and
Finance staffs for each applicable business
area.

During these reviews, the above-mentioned representatives covering the
business area having classifiably managed portfolios (that is, portfolios where
internal credit risk ratings are assigned, which are primarily
 ICG, Regional Consumer Banking 

and 
Local Consumer Lending

) and modified consumer loans where a concession was granted due to the
borrowers’ financial difficulties, and present recommended reserve balances for
their funded and unfunded lending portfolios along with supporting quantitative
and qualitative data. The quantitative data include:

 Estimated probable losses for nonperforming,
 nonhomogeneous

exposures within a business line’s classifiably managed
 portfolio

and impaired smaller-balance homogeneous loans whose
 terms

have been modified due to the borrowers’
 financial difficulties, and

it was determined that a long-term concession was granted to
 the

borrower

. Consideration may be given to the
 following, as appropriate, 
when
 determining this estimate: (i) the present value of expected future

cash flows; (ii) the borrower’s
 overall financial condition, resources 
and payment record; and (iii) the prospects for support from
 financially 
responsible
 guarantors or the realizable value of any collateral. When 
impairment is measured based on the present
 value of expected future 
cash
 flows, the entire change in present value is recorded in the 
Provision

for loan losses

.

Statistically calculated losses inherent in
 the classifiably managed

portfolio for performing and de minimis non-performing
 exposures

. 
The calculation is based upon: (i)
 Citigroup’s internal system of credit-
risk ratings, which are analogous to the risk ratings of the major
 rating 
agencies; and (ii)
 historical default and loss data, including rating agency 
information regarding default rates from
 1983 to 2008, and internal data 
dating to the early 1970s on severity of losses in the event of
 default.

Additional adjustments
 include

: (i)
 statistically calculated estimates to 
cover the historical fluctuation of the default rates over the credit
 cycle, 
the historical
 variability of loss severity among defaulted loans, and 
the degree to which there are large obligor
 concentrations in the global 
portfolio; and (ii) adjustments made for specifically known items, such
 as 
current environmental
 factors and credit trends. 

     In addition, representatives from both the Risk Management and Finance
staffs that cover business areas with delinquency-managed portfolios containing
smaller homogeneous loans (primarily the noncommercial

 lending areas of
Regional Consumer Banking) present their recommended reserve balances based upon
leading credit indicators, including loan delinquencies and changes in portfolio
size, as well as economic trends including housing prices, unemployment and GDP.
This methodology is applied separately for each individual product within each
different geographic region in which these portfolios
exist.

This evaluation process is subject to numerous estimates and judgments.
The frequency of default, risk ratings, loss recovery rates, the size and
diversity of individual large credits, and the ability of borrowers with foreign
currency obligations to obtain the foreign currency necessary for orderly debt
servicing, among other things, are all taken into account during this review.
Changes in these estimates could have a direct impact on the credit costs in any
quarter and could result in a change in the allowance. Changes to the reserve
flow through the Consolidated Statement of Income on the lines 
Provision for loan losses

 and 
Provision for unfunded
lending

commitments

. For a
further description of the loan loss reserve and related accounts, see “Managing
Global Risk—Credit Risk” and Notes 1 and 18 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

SECURITIZATIONS

Citigroup securitizes a number of different
asset classes as a means of strengthening its balance sheet and accessing
competitive financing rates in the market. Under these securitization programs,
assets are transferred into a trust and used as collateral by the trust to
obtain financing. The cash flows from assets in the trust service the
corresponding trust securities. If the structure of the trust meets certain
accounting guidelines, trust assets are treated as sold and are no longer
reflected as assets of Citi. If these guidelines are not met, the assets
continue to be recorded as Citi’s assets, with the financing activity recorded
as liabilities on Citigroup’s balance
sheet.

Citigroup also assists its clients in securitizing their financial assets
and packages and securitizes financial assets purchased in the financial
markets. Citi may also provide administrative, asset management, underwriting,
liquidity facilities and/or other services to the resulting securitization
entities and may continue to service some of these financial
assets.

Elimination
of QSPEs and Changes in the

Consolidation Model for Variable Interest
Entities

In June
2009, the FASB issued SFAS No. 166, 
Accounting for Transfers of Financial Assets, an amendment of FASB
Statement No. 140

 (SFAS
166),

that will eliminate Qualifying Special Purpose
Entities (QSPEs). SFAS 166 is effective for fiscal years that begin after
November 15, 2009. This change will have a significant impact on Citigroup’s
Consolidated Financial Statements. Beginning January 1, 2010, Citigroup
will lose sales treatment for certain future asset transfers that would have
been considered sales under SFAS 140, and for certain transfers of portions of
assets that do not meet the definition of participating interests. 

107

       Simultaneously, the FASB issued SFAS No. 167, 
Amendments to FASB Interpretation No. 46(R)

 (SFAS 167), which details three key changes
to the consolidation model. First, former QSPEs will now be included in the
scope of SFAS 167. In addition, the FASB has changed the method of analyzing
which party to a variable interest entity (VIE) should consolidate the VIE
(known as the primary beneficiary) to a qualitative determination of which party
to the VIE has “power” combined with potentially significant benefits or losses,
instead of the current quantitative risks and rewards model. The entity that has
power has the ability to direct the activities of the VIE that most
significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance. Finally, the new standard
requires that the primary beneficiary analysis be re-evaluated whenever
circumstances change. The current rules require reconsideration of the primary
beneficiary only when specified reconsideration events
occur. 

As a result of implementing these new
accounting standards, Citigroup will consolidate certain of the VIEs and former
QSPEs with which it currently has involvement. An ongoing evaluation of the
application of these new requirements could, with the resolution of certain
uncertainties, result in the identification of additional VIEs and former QSPEs,
other than those presented below, needing to be consolidated. It is not
currently anticipated, however, that any such newly identified VIEs and former
QSPEs would have a significant impact on Citigroup’s Consolidated Financial
Statements or capital
position. 

In accordance with SFAS 167, Citigroup
employed three approaches for consolidating all of the VIEs and former QSPEs
that it consolidated as of January 1, 2010. The first approach requires
initially measuring the assets, liabilities, and noncontrolling interests of the
VIEs and former QSPEs at their carrying values (the amounts at which the assets,
liabilities, and noncontrolling interests would have been carried in the
Consolidated Financial Statements, if Citigroup had always consolidated these
VIEs and former QSPEs). The second approach is to use the unpaid principal
amounts, where using carrying values is not practicable. The third approach is
to elect the fair value option, in which all of the financial assets and
liabilities of certain designated VIEs and former QSPEs would be recorded at
fair value upon adoption of SFAS 167 and continue to be marked to market
thereafter, with changes in fair value reported in
earnings.

Citigroup consolidated all required VIEs and
former QSPEs as of January 1, 2010 at carrying values or unpaid principal
amounts, except for certain private label residential mortgage and mutual fund
deferred sales commissions VIEs, for which the fair value option was elected.
The following tables present the pro forma impact of adopting these new
accounting standards applying these approaches. 

      The pro forma impact of these changes on incremental GAAP assets and
resulting risk-weighted assets for those VIEs and former QSPEs that were
consolidated or deconsolidated for accounting purposes as of January 1, 2010
(based on financial information as of December 31, 2009), reflecting Citigroup’s
present understanding of the new accounting requirements and immediate
implementation of the recently issued final risk-based capital rules regarding
SFAS 166 and SFAS 167, was as follows:

Incremental

Risk-

GAAP

weighted

 In billions of
 dollars

assets

assets

 (1)

 Impact of
 consolidation

 Credit cards

$

86.3

$

0.8

 Commercial paper conduits

28.3

13.0

 Student loans

13.6

3.7

 Private label consumer
 mortgages

4.4

1.3

 Municipal tender option bonds

0.6

0.1

 Collateralized loan
 obligations

0.5

0.5

 Mutual fund
 deferred sales commissions

0.5

0.5

        Subtotal

$

134.2

$

19.9

 Impact of
 deconsolidation

 Collateralized debt obligations
 (2)

$

1.9

$

3.6

 Equity-linked
 notes (3)

1.2

0.5

 Total

$

137.3

$

24.0

 (1)

Citigroup
 undertook certain actions during the first and second quarters of 2009 in
 support of its off-balance-sheet credit card securitization vehicles. As a
 result of these actions, Citigroup included approximately $82 billion of
 incremental risk-weighted assets in its risk-based capital ratios as of
 March 31, 2009 and an additional approximate $900 million as of June 30,
 2009. See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

 (2)

The
 implementation of SFAS 167 will result in the deconsolidation of certain
 synthetic and cash collateralized debt obligation (CDO) VIEs that were
 previously consolidated under the requirements of ASC 810 (FIN 46(R)).
 Upon deconsolidation of these synthetic CDOs, Citigroup’s Consolidated
 Balance Sheet will reflect the recognition of current receivables and
 payables related to purchased and written credit default swaps entered
 into with these VIEs, which had previously been eliminated in
 consolidation. The deconsolidation of certain cash CDOs will have a
 minimal impact on GAAP assets, but will cause a sizable increase in
 risk-weighted assets. The impact on risk-weighted assets results from
 replacing, in Citigroup’s trading account, largely investment grade
 securities owned by these VIEs when consolidated, with Citigroup’s
 holdings of non-investment grade or unrated securities issued by these
 VIEs when deconsolidated.

 (3)

Certain
 equity-linked note client intermediation transactions that had previously
 been consolidated under the requirements of ASC 810 (FIN 46 (R)) will be
 deconsolidated with the implementation of SFAS 167. Upon deconsolidation,
 Citigroup’s Consolidated Balance Sheet will reflect both the equity-linked
 notes issued by the VIEs and held by Citigroup as trading assets, as well
 as related trading liabilities in the form of prepaid equity derivatives.
 These trading assets and trading liabilities were formerly eliminated in
 consolidation.

108

      The preceding table reflects (i) the estimated portion of the assets of
former QSPEs to which Citigroup, acting as principal, had transferred assets and
received sales treatment as of December 31, 2009 (totaling approximately $712.0
billion), and (ii) the estimated assets of significant unconsolidated VIEs as of
December 31, 2009 with which Citigroup is involved (totaling approximately
$219.2 billion) that are required to be consolidated under the new accounting
standards. Due to the variety of transaction structures and the level of
Citigroup involvement in individual former QSPEs and VIEs, only a portion of the
former QSPEs and VIEs with which Citi is involved are to be
consolidated.

In addition, the cumulative effect of adopting
these new accounting standards as of January 1, 2010, based on financial
information as of December 31, 2009, would result in an estimated aggregate
after-tax charge to 
Retained earnings

of approximately $8.3 billion, reflecting the net effect of an overall pretax
charge to 
Retained earnings

 (primarily relating to the establishment of
loan loss reserves and the reversal of residual interests held) of approximately
$13.4 billion and the recognition of related deferred tax assets amounting to
approximately $5.1 billion.
     The pro forma impact on certain of
Citigroup’s regulatory capital ratios of adopting these new accounting standards
(based on financial information as of December 31, 2009), reflecting immediate
implementation of the recently issued final risk-based capital rules regarding
SFAS 166 and SFAS 167, would be as follows:

  As of December 31,
 2009

As reported

Pro forma

Impact

 Tier 1 Capital

11.67

%

10.26

%

(141

) bps

 Total
 Capital

15.25

%

13.82

%

(143

) bps

     The actual impact of adopting the new accounting standards on January 1,
2010 could differ, as financial information changes from the December 31, 2009
estimates and as several uncertainties in the application of these new standards
are resolved.

      Among these uncertainties, the FASB has proposed an indefinite deferral
of the requirements of SFAS 167 for certain investment companies. Without the
proposed deferral, Citi had most recently estimated that approximately $3.3
billion of assets held by investment funds managed by Citigroup would be newly
consolidated upon the adoption of SFAS 167. If the proposed deferral were to be
finalized as currently contemplated, Citi expects that many, if not all, of
the investment vehicles managed by Citigroup would not be subject to the
requirements of SFAS 167. Nevertheless, Citigroup is continuing to evaluate the
potential impacts of the proposed requirements and, depending upon the eventual
resolution of specific implementation matters, may be required to consolidate
certain investment vehicles, the aggregate assets of which could range up to a
total of approximately $1.2 billion. The effect on Citi’s regulatory capital
ratios, should consolidation of any or all such noted investment vehicles be
required, is not expected to be significant. The preceding tables reflect Citi’s
view that none of the investment vehicles managed by Citigroup will be required
to be consolidated under SFAS 167.

Proposed Changes to FDIC “Safe Harbor” Securitization
Rule

As described above, FASB’s issuance of SFAS
Nos. 166 and 167, effective starting in the first quarter of 2010, will result
in the loss of GAAP sale treatment in certain credit card and other
securitization transactions and the consolidation of the assets of such
transactions into the assets of the sponsoring entity.  This development
has raised concerns regarding effects under the FDIC’s current “safe
harbor” securitization rule.  Under the current rule, if a securitization
is accounted for as a sale for GAAP purposes and certain other conditions are
satisfied, the FDIC, as conservator or receiver of an insolvent bank, will treat
the transferred assets as sold and surrender any right to reclaim the assets
transferred in the securitization.  If securitized assets are at risk of
seizure by the FDIC in cases of conservatorship or receivership, the credit
treatment of the securitized transactions would be impacted by the credit status
of the sponsoring bank; for example, the highest credit rating for a
securitization transaction may be limited by the credit rating of the sponsoring
bank.

On November 12, 2009, the FDIC amended its securitization rule on an
interim basis so that it will continue to apply to assets transferred in
securities transactions completed on or prior to March 31, 2010 if the transfers
would have satisfied the conditions for GAAP sale treatment in effect for
reporting periods prior to November 15, 2009.  The FDIC is currently
engaged in a rulemaking process regarding this issue, and the ultimate outcome
is unknown.  If Citi is unwilling or unable to meet the conditions of any
final rule, the highest credit rating of securities issued in its credit card
and certain other securitization transactions may be limited to its then-current
rating, and Citi may engage in a reduced level of such
transactions.

109

 GOODWILL

Citigroup has recorded on its Consolidated
Balance Sheet 
Goodwill

 of $25.4 billion (1.4% of assets) and $27.1
billion (1.4% of assets) at December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008,
respectively. No goodwill impairment was recorded during 2009. The December 31,
2008 balance is net of a $9.6 billion goodwill impairment charge recorded as a
result of testing performed as of December 31, 2008. The impairment was
composed of a $2.3 billion pretax charge ($2.0 billion after tax) related to

North America Regional Consumer
Banking

, a $4.3 billion
pretax charge ($4.1 billion after tax) related to
 Latin

America Regional Consumer Banking

, and a $3.0 billion pretax charge ($2.6
billion after tax) related to 
Local Consumer Lending—

Other. 

The primary cause for the goodwill impairment
in the above reporting units was the rapid deterioration in the financial
markets as well as in the global economic outlook, particularly during the
period beginning mid-November through year-end 2008. This deterioration further
weakened the near-term prospects for the financial services industry. The
following summary describes Citigroup’s process for accounting for goodwill and
testing for impairment.

Goodwill is allocated to the reporting units
at the date the goodwill is initially recorded. Once goodwill has been allocated
to the reporting units, it generally no longer retains its identification with a
particular acquisition, but instead becomes identified with the reporting unit
as a whole. As a result, all of the fair value of each reporting unit is
available to support the value of goodwill allocated to the unit. As of December
31, 2009, Citigroup operated in three core business segments, as discussed.
Goodwill impairment testing is performed at the reporting unit level, one level
below the business segment.

The changes in the organizational structure in
2009 resulted in the creation of new reporting segments. As a result, commencing
with the second quarter 2009, Citi identified new reporting units as required
under ASC 350, Intangibles—

Goodwill and Other

.
Goodwill affected by the reorganization has been reassigned from 10 reporting
units to nine, using a fair value approach. Subsequent to July 1, 2009, goodwill
was allocated to disposals and tested for impairment under the new reporting
units. The nine new reporting units, which remain unchanged at December 31,
2009, are 
North America Regional Consumer Banking, EMEA
Regional Consumer Banking, Asia Regional Consumer Banking, LATAM Regional
Consumer Banking, Securities and Banking, Transaction Services, Brokerage and
Asset Management, Local Consumer Lending—

Cards

and
 Local Consumer Lending—

Other.
     Under ASC
350, the goodwill impairment analysis is done in two steps. The first step
requires a comparison of the fair value of the individual reporting unit to its
carrying value including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit is in
excess of the carrying value, the related goodwill 

 is considered not to be
impaired and no further analysis is necessary. If the carrying value of the
reporting unit exceeds the fair value, there is an indication of potential
impairment and a second step of testing is performed to measure the amount of
impairment, if any, for that reporting
unit.

When required, the second step of testing involves calculating the
implied fair value of goodwill for each of the affected reporting units. The
implied fair value of goodwill is determined in the same manner as the amount of
goodwill recognized in a business combination, which is the excess of the fair
value of the reporting unit determined in step one over the fair value of the
net assets and identifiable intangibles as if the reporting unit were being
acquired. If the amount of the goodwill allocated to the reporting unit exceeds
the implied fair value of the goodwill in the pro forma purchase price
allocation, an impairment charge is recorded for the excess. A reorganized
impairment charge subsequently cannot exceed the amount of goodwill allocated to
a reporting unit and cannot be reversed even if the fair value of the reporting
unit recovers.

Goodwill impairment testing involves
management judgment, requiring an assessment of whether the carrying value of
the reporting unit can be supported by the fair value of the individual
reporting unit using widely accepted valuation techniques, such as the market
approach (earnings multiples and/or transaction multiples) and/or discounted
cash flow methods (DCF). In applying these methodologies, Citi utilizes a
number of factors, including actual operating results, future business plans,
economic projections, and market data. A combination of methodologies is used
and weighted appropriately for reporting units with significant adverse changes
in business climate. Management may engage an independent valuation specialist
to assist in Citi’s valuation
process.

Prior to 2008, Citi primarily employed
the market approach for estimating fair value of the reporting units. As a
result of significant adverse changes during 2008 in certain of Citigroup
reporting units, and the increase in financial sector volatility primarily in
the U.S., Citigroup engaged the services of an independent valuation
specialist to assist in Citi’s valuation of all or a portion of the following
reporting units during 2009—
North America Regional Consumer Banking, Latin America Regional Consumer
Banking, Securities and Banking, Local Consumer Lending—

Cards and
 Local Consumer Lending—

Other. The DCF method was incorporated to ensure reliability of
results. Citi believes that the DCF method, using management projections
for the selected reporting units and an appropriate risk-adjusted discount rate,
is most reflective of a market participant’s view of fair values given current
market conditions. For the reporting units where both methods were utilized in
2009, the resulting fair values were relatively consistent and appropriate
weighting was given to outputs from both methods.

110

      The DCF method used at the time of each impairment test used discount
rates that Citi believes adequately reflected the risk and uncertainty in
the financial markets generally and specifically in the internally generated
cash flow projections. The DCF method employs a capital asset pricing model in
estimating the discount rate. Citi continues to value the remaining reporting
units where it believes the risk of impairment to be low, using primarily the
market approach.

Citi prepares a formal three-year strategic
plan for its businesses on an annual basis. These projections incorporate
certain external economic projections developed at the point in time the
strategic plan is developed. For the purpose of performing any impairment test,
the three-year forecast is updated by Citi to reflect current economic
conditions as of the testing date. Citi used updated long-range financial
forecasts as a basis for its interim goodwill impairment test performed as of
April 1, 2009 and its annual goodwill impairment test performed as of July 1,
2009 (as discussed below). The 2009 Strategic Plan incorporating the most
current market outlook was the basis for the interim impairment test as of
November 30, 2009 (as discussed
below).

As discussed above, management tests goodwill for impairment annually as
of July 1. The results of the July 1, 2009 test validated that the fair values
exceeded the carrying values for all reporting units. Citi is also required to
test goodwill for impairment whenever events or circumstances make it more
likely than not that impairment may have occurred, such as a significant adverse
change in the business climate, a decision to sell or dispose of all or a
significant portion of a reporting unit, or a significant decline in Citi’s
stock price. Implementation of the new organizational structure as of the second
quarter of 2009 resulted in the performance of an interim goodwill impairment
test and reallocation of goodwill among new reporting units as of April 1, 2009.
An interim goodwill impairment test for Citigroup was performed for both the
pre-reorganization reporting units and the post-reorganization reporting units
as of April 1, 2009. Results of the test indicated no goodwill impairment for
any of the pre- or post-reorganization reporting units. Based on negative
macro-economic and industry-specific factors, Citigroup performed an additional
impairment test for its 
Local Consumer Lending—

Cards reporting unit as of November 30, 2009. The test validated that the
fair value of the reporting unit was in excess of the associated carrying value
and, therefore, that there was no indication of goodwill
impairment.

Since none of the Company’s reporting units
are publicly traded, individual reporting unit fair value determinations cannot
be directly correlated to Citigroup’s stock price. The sum of the fair values of
the reporting units significantly exceeds the overall market capitalization of
Citi.

 However, Citi believes
that it is not meaningful to reconcile the sum of the fair values of the
Company’s reporting units to its market capitalization due to several factors.
These factors, which do not directly impact the individual reporting unit fair
values, include the significant economic stake and influence held by the U.S.
government in Citi. In addition, the market capitalization of Citigroup reflects
the execution risk in a transaction involving Citigroup due to its size.
However, the individual reporting units’ fair values are not subject to the same
level of execution risk or a business model that is perceived to be
complex.

While no impairment was noted in step one of
Citigroup’s 
Local Consumer Lending—

Cards

reporting unit
impairment test at November 30, 2009, goodwill present in that reporting unit
may be particularly sensitive to further deterioration in economic conditions.
Under the market approach for valuing this reporting unit, the earnings
multiples and transaction multiples were selected from multiples obtained using
data from guideline companies and acquisitions. The selection of the actual
multiple considers operating performance and financial condition such as return
on equity and net income growth of 
Local Consumer Lending—

Cards as compared to the guideline companies and acquisitions. For the
valuation under the income approach, Citi utilized a discount rate that it
believes reflects the risk and uncertainty related to the projected cash flows,
and selected 2012 as the terminal
year.

Small deterioration in the assumptions used in the valuations, in
particular the discount-rate and growth-rate assumptions used in the net income
projections, could significantly affect Citigroup’s impairment evaluation and,
hence, results. If the future were to differ adversely from management’s best
estimate of key economic assumptions, and associated cash flows were to decrease
by a small margin, Citi could potentially experience future material impairment
charges with respect to $4,683 million of goodwill remaining in our 
Local Consumer Lending—

Cards reporting unit. Any such charges, by themselves, would not
negatively affect Citi’s Tier 1 and Total Capital regulatory ratios, or Tier 1
Common ratio, its Tangible Common Equity or Citi’s liquidity
position.

111

 INCOME TAXES

Citigroup is subject to the income tax
laws of the U.S., its states and local municipalities, and the foreign
jurisdictions in which Citi operates. These tax laws are complex and subject to
different interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing
authorities. In establishing a provision for income tax expense, Citi must make
judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex
tax laws. Citi must also make estimates about when in the future certain items
will affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions, both domestic and
foreign.

Disputes over interpretations of the tax laws
may be subject to review / adjudication by the court systems of the various tax
jurisdictions or may be settled with the taxing authority upon audit. Deferred
taxes are recorded for the future consequences of events that have been
recognized in the financial statements or tax returns, based upon enacted tax
laws and rates. Deferred tax assets (DTAs) are recognized subject to
management’s judgment that realization is more likely than
not.

Although realization is not assured, Citi believes that the realization
of the recognized net deferred tax asset of $46.1 billion at December 31, 2009
is more likely than not based on expectations as to future taxable income in the
jurisdictions in which the DTAs arise, and based on available tax planning
strategies as defined in ASC 740 that could be implemented if necessary to
prevent a carryforward from
expiring.

The following table summarizes Citi’s DTA
balance at December 31, 2009 and 2008:

 Jurisdiction/Component

DTA balance

DTA balance

 In billions of dollars

December 31, 2009

December 31,
 2008

 U.S. Federal

 Net operating loss (NOL)

$

5.1

$

4.6

 Foreign tax credit (FTC)

12.0

10.5

 General business credit (GBC)

1.2

0.6

 Future tax deductions and
 credits

17.5

19.9

 Other

0.5

0.9

 Total U.S. federal

$

36.3

$

36.5

 State and local

 New York NOLs

$

0.9

$

1.2

 Other State NOLs

0.4

0.4

 Future tax
 deductions

3.0

2.7

 Total State and
 local

$

4.3

$

4.3

 Foreign

 APB 23 subsidiary NOLs

0.7

0.2

 Non-APB 23 subsidiary
NOLs

0.4

0.9

 Future tax
 deductions

4.4

2.6

 Total foreign

$

5.5

$

3.7

 Total

$

46.1

$

44.5

      Included in the net U.S. federal DTA of $36.3 billion are deferred tax liabilities
of $5 billion that will reverse in the relevant carryforward period and may
be
 used to support the DTA and $0.5 billion in compensation
deductions that reduced additional paid-in capital in January 2010 and for which
no adjustment to such DTA is permitted at December 31, 2009, because the related
stock compensation was not yet deductible to Citi. Included in Citi’s overall
net DTA of $46.1 billion are $25 billion of future tax deductions and credits
that arose largely due to timing differences between the recognition of income
for GAAP and tax and represent net deductions and credits that have not yet been
taken on a tax return. The most significant source of these timing differences
is the loan loss reserve build, which accounts for approximately $15 billion of
the net DTA.  In general, Citi would need to generate approximately
$86 billion of taxable income during the respective carryforward periods to
fully realize its U.S. federal, state and local
DTAs.

As a result of the recent losses incurred, Citi is in a three-year
cumulative pretax loss position at December 31, 2009. A cumulative loss position
is considered significant negative evidence in assessing the realizability of a
DTA. Citi has concluded that there is sufficient positive evidence to overcome
this negative evidence. The positive evidence includes two means by which Citi
is able to fully realize its DTA. First, Citi forecasts sufficient taxable
income in the carryforward period, exclusive of tax planning strategies, even
under stressed scenarios. Secondly, Citi has sufficient tax planning strategies,
including potential sales of businesses and assets, in which it could realize
the excess of appreciated value over the tax basis of its assets, in an amount
sufficient to fully realize its DTA. The amount of the DTA considered
realizable, however, could be significantly reduced in the near term if
estimates of future taxable income during the carryforward period are
significantly lower than forecasted due to deterioration in market
conditions.

Based upon the foregoing discussion, as well
as tax planning opportunities and other factors discussed below, the U.S.
federal and New York State and City net operating loss carryforward period of 20
years provides enough time to utilize the DTAs pertaining to the existing net
operating loss carryforwards and any NOL that would be created by the reversal
of the future net deductions that have not yet been taken on a tax
return.

112

      The U.S. foreign tax credit carryforward period is 10 years. In addition,
utilization of foreign tax credits in any year is restricted to 35% of foreign
source taxable income in that year. Further, overall domestic losses that Citi
has incurred of approximately $45 billion are allowed to be reclassified as
foreign source income to the extent of 50% of domestic source income produced in
subsequent years, and such resulting foreign source income is in fact sufficient
to cover the foreign tax credits being carried forward. As such, the foreign
source taxable income limitation will not be an impediment to the foreign tax
credit carryforward usage as long as Citi can generate sufficient domestic
taxable income within the 10-year carryforward
period.

Regarding the estimate of future taxable income, Citi has projected its
pretax earnings, predominantly based upon the “core” businesses that Citi
intends to conduct going forward. These “core” businesses have produced steady
and strong earnings in the past. During 2008 and 2009, the “core” businesses
were negatively affected by the large increase in consumer credit losses during
this sharp downturn in the economic cycle. Citigroup has already taken steps to
reduce its cost structure. Taking these items into account, Citi is projecting
that it will generate sufficient pretax earnings within the 10-year carryforward
period alluded to above to be able to fully utilize the foreign tax credit
carryforward, in addition to any foreign tax credits produced in such
period.

Citi has also examined tax planning strategies available to it in
accordance with ASC 740 that would be employed, if necessary, to prevent a
carryforward from expiring. These strategies include repatriating low-taxed
foreign earnings for which an assertion that the earnings have been indefinitely
reinvested has not been made, accelerating taxable income into or deferring
deductions out of the latter years of the carryforward period with reversals to
occur after the carryforward period (e.g., selling appreciated intangible assets
and electing straight-line depreciation), holding onto available-for-sale debt
securities with losses until they mature and selling certain assets that produce
tax-exempt income, while purchasing assets that produce fully taxable income. In
addition, the sale or restructuring of certain businesses can produce
significant taxable income within the relevant carryforward
periods.

Citi’s ability to utilize its deferred tax
assets to offset future taxable income may be significantly limited if Citi
experiences an “ownership change,” as defined in Section 382 of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). In general, an ownership change
will occur if there is a cumulative change in Citi’s ownership by “5%
shareholders” (as defined in the Code) that exceeds 50 percentage points over a
rolling three-year period.

      The common stock issued pursuant to the exchange offers in July 2009 and
the common stock  and tangible equity units issued in December 2009 as
part of Citigroup’s TARP repayment did not result in an ownership change under
the Code. However, these common stock issuances have materially increased the
risk that Citigroup will experience  an ownership change in the
future. On June 9, 2009, the Board of Directors of Citigroup adopted a tax
benefits preservation plan (the “Plan”). This Plan is subject to the
shareholders’ approval at the 2010 Annual Meeting. The purpose of the Plan is to
minimize the likelihood of an ownership change occurring for Section 382
purposes. Despite adoption of the Plan, future transactions in our stock that
may not be in our control may cause Citi to experience an ownership change and
thus limit Citi’s ability to utilize its deferred tax asset as well
as cause a reduction in its TCE and stockholders’ equity.
     Approximately $15 billion of the net
DTA is included in Tier 1 Common and Tier 1 Capital.

     See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a further
description of Citi’s tax provision and related income tax assets and
liabilities.

LEGAL RESERVES 

See the discussions under “Legal Proceedings”
and in Note 30 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information
regarding Citi’s policies on establishing reserves for legal and regulatory
claims.

ACCOUNTING CHANGES AND
FUTUREAPPLICATION OF ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for a discussion of “Accounting Changes” and the “Future Application
of Accounting Standards.”

113

FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION

 Certain statements in
this Form 10-K, including but not limited to statements included within the
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Generally, forward-looking statements
are not based on historical facts but instead represent only Citigroup’s and
management's beliefs regarding future events. Such statements may be identified
by words such as 
believe, expect, anticipate, intend, estimate,
may increase, may fluctuate

, and similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs such as

will, should, would

 and 
could

.

     Such statements are based on
management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in
circumstances. Actual results may differ materially from those included in these
statements due to a variety of factors, including but not limited to the factors
listed and described under “Risk Factors” in this Form 10-K and those factors
described below:

 the impact of the economic
 recession and disruptions in the global 
financial markets on Citi’s business and
 results of operations;

the impact of previously enacted
 and potential future legislation on Citi’s 
business practices, costs of operations or
 otherwise (including without limitation the CARD Act);

Citi’s participation in U.S.
 government programs to modify first and 
second lien mortgage loans, as well  as
 Citi’s own loss mitigation and forbearance programs, and their effect on
 the amount and timing of 
Citi’s
 earnings and credit losses related to those loans;

the expiration of a provision of
 the U.S. tax law allowing Citi to defer U.S. 
taxes on certain active financial services
 income and its effect on Citi’s tax 
expense;

risks arising from Citi’s
 extensive operations outside the U.S.;

potential reduction in earnings
 available to Citi’s common stockholders 
and return on Citi’s equity due to future
 issuances of Citi common stock 
and preferred stock;

the effect of the U.S. Treasury’s
 sale of its stake in Citi on the market price 
of Citi common stock;

an “ownership change” under the
 Internal Revenue Code and its effect 
on on Citi’s ability to utilize its deferred tax assets to offset
 future taxable 
income;

the impact of increases in FDIC
 insurance premiums and other proposed 
fees on banks on Citi’s earnings;

Citi’s ability to hire and retain
 qualified employees;

Citi’s ability to maintain the
 value of the Citi brand;

Citi’s ability to maintain
 sufficient capitalization consistent with its risk 
profile and robust relative to future
 capital requirements;

Citi’s continuing ability to
 obtain financing from external sources and 
maintain adequate liquidity;

reduction in Citi’s or its
 subsidiaries’ credit ratings and its effect on the 
cost of funding from, and access to, the
 capital markets;

market disruptions and their
 impact on the risk of customer or 
counterparty delinquency or default; 

 failure to realize all of the
 anticipated benefits of the realignment of Citi’s 
business;

volatile and illiquid market
 conditions, which could lead to further write-
downs of Citi’s financial
 instruments;

the elimination of QSPEs from the
 guidance in SFAS 140 and changes in 
FIN 46(R) and its impact on Citi’s Consolidated Financial
 Statements;

the accuracy of Citi’s assumptions
 and estimates used to prepare its 
financial statements;

changes in accounting standards
 and its impact on how Citi records and 
reports its financial condition and results of operations;

the effectiveness of Citi’s risk
 management processes and strategies;

the exposure of Citi to
 reputational damage and significant legal and 
regulatory liability as a member of the
 financial services industry; and

a failure in Citi’s operational
 systems or infrastructure, or those of 
third parties. 

114

 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES

Disclosure

Citigroup’s disclosure controls and procedures
are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is accumulated and communicated to management,
including the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and Chief Financial Officer (CFO),
to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure and appropriate SEC
filings.

Citi’s Disclosure Committee is responsible for
ensuring that there is an adequate and effective process for establishing,
maintaining and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures for Citi’s
external disclosures.

Citigroup’s management, with the participation
of the company’s CEO and CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of Citigroup’s
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) as of December 31, 2009 and, based on that evaluation, the CEO and
CFO have concluded that at that date Citigroup’s disclosure controls and
procedures were effective.

Financial
Reporting

There
were no changes in Citigroup’s internal control over financial reporting (as
defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter
ended December 31, 2009 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to
materially affect, Citi’s internal control over financial
reporting.

115

MANAGEMENT’S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER
FINANCIAL REPORTING

 The management of
Citigroup is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the
Exchange Act). Citigroup’s internal control system is designed to provide
reasonable assurance to management and the Board of Directors regarding the
preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements in
accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. All internal
control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations.
Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only
reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and
presentation.

Management maintains a comprehensive system of
controls intended to ensure that transactions are executed in accordance with
management’s authorization, assets are safeguarded, and financial records are
reliable. Management also takes steps to ensure that information and
communication flows are effective and to monitor performance, including
performance of internal control
procedures.

Citigroup management assessed the
effectiveness of Citigroup’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2009 based on the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated
Framework. Based on this assessment, management believes that, as of December
31, 2009, Citigroup’s internal control over financial reporting is
effective.

The effectiveness of Citigroup’s internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009 has been audited by
KPMG LLP, Citigroup’s independent registered public accounting firm, as stated
in their report below, which expressed an unqualified opinion on the
effectiveness of Citigroup’s internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2009.

116

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM

—

INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING

The Board of Directors
and StockholdersCitigroup Inc.:

 We
have audited Citigroup Inc. and subsidiaries’ (the “Company” or “Citigroup”)
internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009, based on
criteria established in Internal
Control—
Integrated Framework
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission
(COSO). The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining effective
internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the
accompanying management’s report on internal control over financial reporting.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company’s internal control
over financial reporting based on our
audit
.

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over
financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and
testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal
control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such
other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe
that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

A
company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to
provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to
the

 maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of
the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely
detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements.

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not
prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate.

In
our opinion, Citigroup maintained, in all material respects, effective internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2009, based on criteria
established in Internal Control—Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission
.

We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated balance sheets of
Citigroup as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the related consolidated
statements of income, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows for each of
the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2009, and our report dated
February 26, 2010 expressed an unqualified opinion on those consolidated
financial statements.

/s/ KPMG LLP
New
York, New York
February 26, 2010

117

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM

—

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Board of Directors
and StockholdersCitigroup Inc.:

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Citigroup Inc. and
subsidiaries (the “Company” or “Citigroup”) as of December 31, 2009 and 2008,
and the related consolidated statements of income, changes in stockholders’
equity and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended
December 31, 2009, and the related consolidated balance sheets of Citibank, N.A.
and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2009 and 2008. These consolidated financial
statements are the responsibility of the Company’s management. Our
responsibility is to express an opinion on these consolidated financial
statements based on our
audits
.

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan
and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial
statements are free of material misstatement. An audit includes examining, on a
test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. An audit also includes assessing the accounting principles used and
significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

      In
our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present
fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Citigroup as of
December 31, 2009 and 2008, and the results of its operations and its cash flows
for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2009, and the
financial position of Citibank, N.A. and subsidiaries as of December 31, 2009
and 2008, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles

.

     As
discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, in 2009, the
Company changed its method of accounting for other-than-temporary impairments on
investment securities, business combinations, noncontrolling interests in
subsidiaries, and earnings per share.

     We
also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States), Citigroup’s internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2009, based on criteria established in
Internal Control—
Integrated Framework issued by the Committee
of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), and our report
dated February 26, 2010 expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of
the Company’s internal control over financial
reporting.

/s/ KPMG LLP
New
York, New York
February 26, 2010

118

FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND NOTES TABLE OF
CONTENTS

 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
 STATEMENTS

 Consolidated Statement of Income—

     For the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008
 and 2007

120

 Consolidated Balance Sheet—

     December 31, 2009 and 2008

121

 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders’
Equity—

     For the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008
 and 2007

122

 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows—

     For the Years Ended December 31, 2009, 2008
 and 2007

124

 Citibank Consolidated Balance Sheet—

     Citibank, N.A.
 and Subsidiaries—December 31, 2009 and 2008    

125

 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
 FINANCIAL

    STATEMENTS

 Note 1 – Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

126

 Note 2 – Business Developments

143

 Note 3 – Discontinued Operations

146

 Note 4 – Business Segments

148

 Note 5 – Interest Revenue and Expense

149

 Note 6 – Commissions and Fees

149

 Note 7 – Principal Transactions

150

 Note 8 – Incentive Plans

150

 Note 9 – Retirement Benefits

155

 Note 10 – Restructuring

164

 Note 11 – Income Taxes

166

 Note 12 – Earnings per Share

171

 Note 13 – Federal Funds/Securities Borrowed, Loaned, and 

 Subject to Repurchase Agreements

172

 Note 14 – Brokerage Receivables and Brokerage Payables

173

 Note 15 – Trading Account Assets and Liabilities

173

 Note 16 – Investments

174

 Note 17 – Loans

183

 Note 18 – Allowance for Credit Losses

185

 Note 19 – Goodwill and Intangible Assets

186

 Note 20 – Debt

189

 Note 21 – Preferred Stock and Stockholders’ Equity

192

 Note 22 – Changes in Accumulated Other
 Comprehensive      

 Income (Loss)

194

 Note 23 – Securitizations and Variable Interest Entities

195

 Note 24 – Derivatives Activities

215

 Note 25 – Concentrations of Credit Risk

223

 Note 26 – Fair Value Measurement

223

 Note 27 – Fair Value Elections

234

 Note 28 – Fair Value of Financial Instruments

239

 Note 29 – Pledged Assets,
 Collateral, Commitments 

 and Guarantees

240

 Note 30 – Contingencies

246

 Note 31 – Citibank, N.A. Stockholder’s Equity

247

 Note 32 – Subsequent Event

248

 Note 33 – Condensed
 Consolidating Financial 

 Statement Schedules

248

 Note 34 – Selected Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)

257

119

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
 INCOME

Citigroup Inc. and
 Subsidiaries

Year ended December
 31

 In millions of dollars, except
 per-share amounts

2009

2008

2007

 Revenues

 Interest revenue

$

76,635

$

106,499

$

121,347

 Interest
 expense

27,721

52,750

75,958

 Net interest
 revenue

$

48,914

$

53,749

$

45,389

 Commissions and fees

$

17,116

$

10,366

$

20,068

 Principal transactions

3,932

(22,601

)

(12,347

)

 Administration and other fiduciary fees

5,195

8,222

8,860

 Realized gains (losses) on sales of investments

1,996

679

1,168

 Other than temporary impairment losses on investments (1)

     Gross
 impairment losses

(7,262

)

(2,740

)

—

     Less:
 Impairments recognized in OCI

4,356

—

—

     Net impairment
 losses recognized in earnings 
(1)

$

(2,906

)

$

(2,740

)

$

 —

 Insurance premiums

$

3,020

$

3,221

$

3,062

 Other
 revenue

3,018

703

11,100

 Total non-interest
 revenues

$

31,371

$

(2,150

)

$

31,911

 Total revenues, net of interest
 expense

$

80,285

$

51,599

$

77,300

 Provisions for credit losses and
 for benefits and claims

 Provision for loan losses

$

38,760

$

33,674

$

16,832

 Policyholder benefits and claims

1,258

1,403

935

 Provision for
 unfunded lending commitments

244

(363

)

150

 Total provisions for credit losses
 and for benefits and claims

$

40,262

$

34,714

$

17,917

 Operating expenses

 Compensation and benefits

$

24,987

$

31,096

$

32,705

 Premises and equipment

4,339

5,317

4,837

 Technology/communication

4,573

5,993

5,620

 Advertising and marketing

1,415

2,188

2,729

 Restructuring

(113

)

1,550

1,528

 Other
 operating

12,621

23,096

11,318

 Total operating
 expenses

$

47,822

$

69,240

$

58,737

 Income (loss) from continuing
 operations before income taxes

$

(7,799

)

$

(52,355

)

$

646

 Provision
 (benefit) for income taxes

(6,733

)

(20,326

)

(2,546

)

 Income (loss) from continuing
 operations

$

(1,066

)

$

(32,029

)

$

3,192

 Discontinued
 operations

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations

$

(653

)

$

784

$

1,052

 Gain on sale

102

3,139

—

 Provision
 (benefit) for income taxes

(106

)

(79

)

344

 Income (loss) from discontinued
 operations, net of taxes

$

(445

)

$

4,002

$

708

 Net income (loss) before
 attribution of noncontrolling interests

$

(1,511

)

$

(28,027

)

$

3,900

 Net income (loss)
 attributable to noncontrolling interests

95

(343

)

283

 Citigroup’s net income
 (loss)

$

(1,606

)

$

(27,684

)

$

3,617

 Basic earnings per share (2)

 Income (loss) from continuing operations

$

(0.76

)

$

(6.39

)

$

0.53

 Income (loss)
 from discontinued operations, net of taxes

(0.04

)

0.76

0.15

 Net income (loss)

$

(0.80

)

$

(5.63

)

$

0.68

 Weighted average common shares
 outstanding

11,568.3

5,265.4

4,905.8

 Diluted earnings
 per share 
(2)

 Income (loss) from continuing operations

$

(0.76

)

$

(6.39

)

$

0.53

 Income (loss)
 from discontinued operations, net of taxes

(0.04

)

0.76

0.14

 Net income (loss)

$

(0.80

)

$

(5.63

)

$

0.67

 Adjusted weighted average common
 shares outstanding

12,099.0

5,768.9

4,924.0

 (1)

As of January 1, 2009, the Company adopted ASC 320-10-65, Investments—Debt and Equity Securities.
 The Company disclosed comparable information with the prior year in its
 2009 periodic reports. This accounting change was not applicable to 2007
 and, accordingly, 2007 information is not disclosed above.

 (2)

The Diluted EPS calculation for 2009 and 2008 utilizes Basic shares
 and Income available to common shareholders (Basic) due to the negative
 Income available to common shareholders. Using actual Diluted shares and
 Income available to common shareholders (Diluted) would result in
 anti-dilution.

See Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

120

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
 SHEET

Citigroup Inc. and
 Subsidiaries

December 31

 In millions of dollars, except
 shares

2009

2008

 Assets

 Cash and due from banks (including segregated cash and other
 deposits)

$

25,472

$

29,253

 Deposits with banks

167,414

170,331

 Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under
 agreements to resell (including $87,837 

     and $70,305 as
 of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, respectively, at fair
 value)

222,022

184,133

 Brokerage receivables

33,634

44,278

 Trading account assets
 (including $111,219 and $148,703 pledged to creditors at December 31, 2009

    and December
 31, 2008, respectively)

342,773

377,635

 Investments (including $15,154 and $14,875 pledged to creditors at
 December 31, 2009 

     and December
 31, 2008, respectively and $246,429 and $184,451 at December 31, 2009

    and December
 31, 2008, respectively, at fair value)

306,119

256,020

 Loans, net of unearned income

     Consumer
 (including $34 and $36 at fair value as of December 31, 2009 and December
 31, 2008, respectively)

424,057

481,387

     Corporate
 (including $1,405 and $2,696 at December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008,
 respectively, at fair value)

167,447

212,829

 Loans, net of unearned income

$

591,504

$

694,216

     Allowance for
 loan losses

(36,033

)

(29,616

)

 Total loans, net

$

555,471

$

664,600

 Goodwill

25,392

27,132

 Intangible assets (other than MSRs)

8,714

14,159

 Mortgage servicing rights (MSRs)

6,530

5,657

 Other assets
 (including $12,664 and $21,372 as of December 31, 2009 and December 31,
 2008 respectively, at fair value)

163,105

165,272

 Total assets

$

1,856,646

$

1,938,470

 Liabilities

 Non-interest-bearing deposits in U.S. offices

$

71,325

$

55,485

 Interest-bearing
 deposits in U.S. offices (including $700 and $1,335 at December 31, 2009

    and December
 31, 2008, respectively, at fair value)

232,093

234,491

 Non-interest-bearing deposits in offices outside the U.S.

44,904

37,412

 Interest-bearing deposits in offices outside the U.S. (including
 $845 and $1,271 at December 31, 2009 

     and December
 31, 2008, respectively, at fair value)

487,581

446,797

 Total deposits

$

835,903

$

774,185

 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under
 agreements to repurchase (including $104,030 

     and $138,866 as
 of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, respectively, at fair
 value)

154,281

205,293

 Brokerage payables

60,846

70,916

 Trading account liabilities

137,512

165,800

 Short-term borrowings (including $639 and $17,607 at December 31,
 2009 and December 31, 2008, respectively, at fair value)

68,879

126,691

 Long-term debt (including $25,942 and $27,263 at December 31, 2009
 and December 31, 2008, respectively, at fair value)

364,019

359,593

 Other liabilities
 (including $11,542 and $13,567 as of December 31, 2009 and December 31,
 2008, respectively, at fair value)

80,233

91,970

 Total liabilities

$

1,701,673

$

1,794,448

 Stockholders’
 equity

 Preferred stock ($1.00
 par value; authorized shares: 30 million), issued shares: 
12,038 at December 31,
 2009

,

    at aggregate
 liquidation value

$

312

$

70,664

 Common stock ($0.01 par value; authorized shares: 60 billion),
 issued shares: 
28,626,100,389 at December 31,
 2009

     and
 5,671,743,807 at December 31, 2008

286

57

 Additional paid-in capital

98,142

19,165

 Retained earnings

77,440

86,521

 Treasury stock, at cost: 
2009—142,833,099
 shares

and
 2008—221,675,719 shares

(4,543

)

(9,582

)

 Accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss)

(18,937

)

(25,195

)

 Total Citigroup stockholders’
 equity

$

152,700

$

141,630

 Noncontrolling
 interest

2,273

2,392

 Total equity

$

154,973

$

144,022

 Total liabilities and
 equity

$

1,856,646

$

1,938,470

See Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

121

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
 IN STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

Citigroup Inc. and
 Subsidiaries

Year ended December
 31

Amounts

Shares

 In millions of dollars, except
 shares in thousands

2009

2008

2007

2009

2008

2007

 Preferred stock at aggregate
 liquidation value

 Balance, beginning of year

$

70,664

$

 —

$

1,000

829

—

4,000

 Redemption or retirement of preferred stock

(74,005

)

—

(1,000

)

(824

)

—

(4,000

)

 Issuance of new preferred stock

3,530

70,627

—

7

829

—

 Preferred stock
 Series H discount accretion

123

37

—

—

—

—

 Balance, end of
 year

$

312

$

70,664

$

 —

12

829

—

 Common stock and additional paid-in
 capital

 Balance, beginning of year

$

19,222

$

18,062

$

18,308

5,671,744

5,477,416

5,477,416

 Employee benefit plans

(4,395

)

(1,921

)

455

—

—

—

 Issuance of new common stock

—

4,911

—

—

194,328

—

 Conversion of preferred stock to common stock

61,963

—

—

17,372,588

—

—

 Reset of convertible preferred stock conversion price

1,285

—

—

—

—

—

 Issuance of shares and T-DECs for TARP repayment

20,298

—

—

5,581,768

—

—

 Issuance of shares for Nikko Cordial acquisition

—

(3,500

)

—

—

—

—

 Issuance of TARP-related warrants

88

1,797

—

—

—

—

 Issuance of shares for Grupo Cuscatlán acquisition

—

—

118

—

—

—

 Issuance of shares for ATD acquisition

—

—

74

—

—

—

 Present value of stock purchase contract payments

—

—

(888

)

—

—

—

 Other

(33

)

(127

)

(5

)

—

—

—

 Balance, end of
 year

$

98,428

$

19,222

$

18,062

28,626,100

5,671,744

5,477,416

 Retained earnings

 Balance, beginning of year

$

86,521

$

121,769

$

129,116

 Adjustment to
 opening balance, net of taxes (1) 
(2)

413

—

(186

)

 Adjusted balance, beginning of period

$

86,934

$

121,769

$

128,930

 Net income (loss)

(1,606

)

(27,684

)

3,617

 Common dividends (3)

(36

)

(6,050

)

(10,733

)

 Preferred dividends

(3,202

)

(1,477

)

(45

)

 Preferred stock Series H discount accretion

(123

)

(37

)

—

 Reset of convertible preferred stock conversion price

(1,285

)

—

—

 Conversion of
 preferred stock to common stock

(3,242

)

—

—

 Balance, end of
 year

$

77,440

$

86,521

$

121,769

 Treasury stock, at
 cost

 Balance, beginning of year

$

(9,582

)

$

(21,724

)

$

(25,092

)

(221,676

)

(482,835

)

(565,422

)

 Issuance of shares pursuant to employee benefit plans

5,020

4,270

2,853

79,247

84,724

68,839

 Treasury stock acquired (4)

(3

)

(7

)

(663

)

(971

)

(343

)

(12,463

)

 Issuance of shares for Nikko
 acquisition

—

7,858

—

—

174,653

—

 Issuance of shares for Grupo
 Cuscatlán acquisition

—

—

637

—

—

14,192

 Issuance of shares for ATD
 acquisition

—

—

503

—

—

11,172

 Other

22

21

38

567

2,125

847

 Balance, end of
 year

$

(4,543

)

$

(9,582

)

$

(21,724

)

(142,833

)

(221,676

)

(482,835

)

(Statement continues on next page)

122

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
 IN STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY

Citigroup Inc. and
 Subsidiaries

 (Continued)

Year ended December
 31

Amounts

Shares

 In millions of dollars, except
 shares in thousands

2009

2008

2007

2009

2008

2007

 Accumulated other comprehensive
 income (loss)

 Balance, beginning of year

$

(25,195

)

$

(4,660

)

$

(3,700

)

 Adjustment to
 opening balance, net of taxes (1)(5)

(413

)

—

149

 Adjusted balance, beginning of period

$

(25,608

)

$

(4,660

)

$

(3,551

)

 Net change in unrealized gains and losses on investment securities,
 net of taxes

5,713

(10,118

)

(621

)

 Net change in cash flow hedges, net of taxes

2,007

(2,026

)

(3,102

)

 Net change in foreign currency translation adjustment, net of
 taxes

(203

)

(6,972

)

2,024

 Pension liability
 adjustment, net of taxes (6)

(846

)

(1,419

)

590

 Net change
 in 
Accumulated other comprehensive
 income (loss)

$

6,671

$

(20,535

)

$

(1,109

)

 Balance, end of
 year

$

(18,937

)

$

(25,195

)

$

(4,660

)

 Total Citigroup common
 stockholders’ equity and common shares

     outstanding

$

152,388

$

70,966

$

113,447

28,483,267

5,450,068

4,994,581

 Total Citigroup stockholders’
 equity

$

152,700

$

141,630

$

113,447

 Noncontrolling
 interest

 Balance, beginning of period

$

2,392

$

5,308

$

2,713

Initial origination of a
 noncontrolling interest

285

1,409

2,814

Transactions between noncontrolling
 interest shareholders and the related

consolidating subsidiary

(134

)

(2,348

)

(573

)

Transactions between Citigroup and
 the noncontrolling-interest shareholders

(354

)

(1,207

)

(160

)

Net income attributable to
 noncontrolling-interest shareholders

95

(343

)

283

Dividends paid to
 noncontrolling–interest shareholders

(17

)

(168

)

(226

)

Accumulated other comprehensive
 income—net change in unrealized gains and

losses on investment securities,
 net of tax

5

3

(10

)

Accumulated other comprehensive
 income—net change in FX translation

adjustment, net of tax

39

(167

)

140

All other

(38

)

(95

)

327

 Net change in noncontrolling
 interests

$

(119

)

$

(2,916

)

$

2,595

 Balance, end of
 period

$

2,273

$

2,392

$

5,308

 Total equity

$

154,973

$

144,022

$

118,755

 Comprehensive income
 (loss)

 Net income (loss) before attribution of noncontrolling
 interests

$

(1,511

)

$

(28,027

)

$

3,900

 Net change
 in 
Accumulated other comprehensive
 income (loss)

6,715

(20,699

)

(979

)

 Total comprehensive income
 (loss)

$

5,204

$

(48,726

)

$

2,921

 Comprehensive income (loss)
 attributable to the noncontrolling interests

$

139

$

(507

)

$

413

 Comprehensive income (loss)
 attributable to Citigroup

$

5,065

$

(48,219

)

$

2,508

 (1)

The adjustment to the opening balances for Retained earnings and 
Accumulated other comprehensive income
 (loss) represents the cumulative effect of initially adopting ASC
 320-10-35-34, 
Investments—Debt and Equity
 securities: Recognition of an Other-Than-Temporary Impairment
 (formerly FSP FAS 115-2 and FAS 124-2).

 (2)

The adjustment to the opening balance of Retained earnings in 2007 represents the
 total of the after-tax gain (loss) amounts for the adoption of the
 following accounting pronouncements:

• 
ASC 820,

 Fair Value
 Measurements and Disclosures

(SFAS 157) for $75
 million,

• ASC
 825-10-05,

Financial Instruments—Fair Value
 Option

(SFAS
 159) for $(99) million,

• ASC
 840,

Leases

(FSP 13-2) for $(148) million,
 and

• ASC
 740,

Income Taxes

(FIN 48) for $(14)
 million.

See Notes 1, 26 and 27 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

 (3)

Common dividends declared were as follows: $0.01 per share in the
 first quarter of 2009, $0.32 per share in the first, second and third
 quarters of 2008, $0.16 in the fourth quarter of 2008; $0.54 per share in
 the first, second, third and fourth quarters of 2007.

 (4)

All open market repurchases were transacted under an existing
 authorized share repurchase plan and relate to customer
 fails/errors.

 (5)

The after-tax adjustment to the opening balance of Accumulated other comprehensive income
 (loss) represents the reclassification of the unrealized gains
 (losses) related to the Legg Mason securities as well as several
 miscellaneous items previously reported. The related unrealized gains and
 losses were reclassified to Retained earnings upon the adoption of the
 fair value option. See Notes 1, 26 and 27 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements for further discussion.

 (6)

In 2009, reflects decreased return on assets for the U.S. plan. In
 2008, reflects decreased fair value of plan assets and a lower discount
 rate, which increased the PBO (Projected Benefit Obligation). In 2007,
 reflects changes in the funded status of the Company’s pension and
 postretirement plans.

See Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

123

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH
 FLOWS

Citigroup Inc. and
 Subsidiaries

Year ended December
 31

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Cash flows from operating
 activities of continuing operations

 Net income (loss) before
 attribution of noncontrolling interests

$

(1,511

)

$

(28,027

)

$

3,900

 Net income (loss) attributable to
 noncontrolling interests

95

(343

)

283

 Citigroup’s net income
 (loss)

$

(1,606

)

$

(27,684

)

$

3,617

     Income (loss)
 from discontinued operations, net of taxes

(402

)

1,070

708

     Gain (loss) on
 sale, net of taxes

(43

)

2,932

—

 Income (loss) from continuing
 operations—excluding noncontrolling interests

$

(1,161

)

$

(31,686

)

$

2,909

 Adjustments to reconcile net income
 (loss) to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities of
 continuing operations

     Amortization of
 deferred policy acquisition costs and present value of future
 profits

$

434

$

206

$

369

     Additions to
 deferred policy acquisition costs

(461

)

(397

)

(482

)

     Depreciation
 and amortization

2,853

2,466

2,421

     Deferred tax
 benefit

(7,709

)

(20,535

)

(3,927

)

     Provision for
 credit losses

39,004

33,311

16,982

     Change in
 trading account assets

25,864

123,845

(62,798

)

     Change in
 trading account liabilities

(25,382

)

(14,604

)

20,893

     Change in
 federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements
 to resell

(43,726

)

89,933

38,143

     Change in
 federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to
 repurchase

(47,669

)

(98,950

)

(56,983

)

     Change in
 brokerage receivables net of brokerage payables

1,847

(954

)

(15,529

)

     Realized gains
 from sales of investments

(1,996

)

(679

)

(1,168

)

     Change in loans
 held-for-sale

(1,711

)

29,009

(30,649

)

     Other,
 net

4,094

(14,445

)

18,268

 Total adjustments

$

(54,558

)

$

128,206

$

(74,460

)

 Net cash (used in) provided by
 operating activities of continuing operations

$

(55,719

)

$

96,520

$

(71,551

)

 Cash flows from investing
 activities of continuing operations

 Change in deposits with banks

$

2,519

$

(100,965

)

$

(17,216

)

 Change in loans

(148,651

)

(270,521

)

(361,934

)

 Proceeds from sales and securitizations of loans

241,367

313,808

273,464

 Purchases of investments

(281,115

)

(344,336

)

(274,426

)

 Proceeds from sales of investments

85,395

93,666

211,753

 Proceeds from maturities of investments

133,614

209,312

121,346

 Capital expenditures on premises and equipment

(1,146

)

(2,541

)

(4,003

)

 Proceeds from sales of premises and equipment, subsidiaries and
 affiliates, and repossessed assets

6,303

23,966

4,253

 Business
 acquisitions

—

—

(15,614

)

 Net cash provided by (used in)
 investing activities of continuing operations

$

38,286

$

(77,611

)

$

(62,377

)

 Cash flows from financing
 activities of continuing operations

 Dividends paid

$

(3,237

)

$

(7,526

)

$

(10,778

)

 Issuance of common stock

17,514

6,864

1,060

 Issuances (redemptions) of preferred stock, net

—

70,626

(1,000

)

 Issuances of T-DECs - APIC

2,784

—

—

 Treasury stock acquired

(3

)

(7

)

(663

)

 Stock tendered for payment of withholding taxes

(120

)

(400

)

(951

)

 Issuance of long-term debt

110,088

90,414

118,496

 Payments and redemptions of long-term debt

(123,743

)

(132,901

)

(65,517

)

 Change in deposits

61,718

(37,811

)

93,422

 Change in
 short-term borrowings

(51,995

)

(13,796

)

10,425

 Net cash provided by (used in)
 financing activities of continuing operations

$

13,006

$

(24,537

)

$

144,494

 Effect of
 exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents

$

632

$

(2,948

)

$

1,005

 Discontinued
 operations

 Net cash provided by (used in)
 discontinued operations

$

14

$

(377

)

$

121

 Change in cash and due from
 banks

$

(3,781

)

$

(8,953

)

$

11,692

 Cash and due from banks at
 beginning of period

29,253

38,206

26,514

 Cash and due from banks at end of
 period

$

25,472

$

29,253

$

38,206

 Supplemental disclosure of cash
 flow information for continuing operations

 Cash (received) paid during the year for income taxes

$

(289

)

$

3,170

$

5,923

 Cash paid during
 the year for interest

$

28,389

$

55,678

$

72,732

 Non-cash investing
 activities

 Transfers to repossessed assets

$

2,880

$

3,439

$

2,287

 Transfers to investments (held-to-maturity) from trading account
 assets

—

33,258

—

 Transfers to investments (available-for-sale) from trading account
 assets

—

4,654

—

 Transfers to
 loans held for investment (loans) from loans held-for-sale

—

$

15,891

—

See Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

124

 CITIBANK CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
 SHEET

Citibank, N.A. and
 Subsidiaries

December 31

 In millions of dollars, except
 shares

2009

2008

 Assets

 Cash and due from banks

$

20,246

$

22,107

 Deposits with banks

154,372

156,774

 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under agreements to
 resell

31,434

41,613

 Trading account assets (including $914 and $12,092 pledged to
 creditors at December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008,
 respectively)

156,380

197,052

 Investments (including $3,849 and $3,028 pledged to creditors at
 December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, respectively)

233,086

165,914

 Loans, net of unearned income

477,974

555,198

 Allowance for
 loan losses

(22,685

)

(18,273

)

 Total loans, net

$

455,289

$

536,925

 Goodwill

10,200

10,148

 Intangible assets

8,243

7,689

 Premises and equipment, net

4,832

5,331

 Interest and fees receivable

6,840

7,171

 Other
 assets

80,439

76,316

 Total assets

$

1,161,361

$

1,227,040

 Liabilities

 Non-interest-bearing deposits in U.S. offices

$

76,729

$

55,223

 Interest-bearing deposits in U.S. offices

176,149

185,322

 Non-interest-bearing deposits in offices outside the U.S.

39,414

33,769

 Interest-bearing
 deposits in offices outside the U.S.

479,350

480,984

 Total deposits

$

771,642

$

755,298

 Trading account liabilities

52,010

108,921

 Purchased funds and other borrowings

89,503

116,333

 Accrued taxes and other expenses

9,046

8,192

 Long-term debt and subordinated notes

82,086

113,381

 Other
 liabilities

39,181

42,475

 Total liabilities

$

1,043,468

$

1,144,600

 Citibank stockholder’s
 equity

 Capital stock ($20 par value) outstanding shares: 37,534,553 in
 each period

$

751

$

751

 Surplus

107,923

74,767

 Retained earnings

19,457

21,735

 Accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss) (1)

(11,532

)

(15,895

)

 Total Citibank stockholder’s
 equity

$

116,599

$

81,358

 Noncontrolling
 interest

1,294

1,082

 Total equity

$

117,893

$

82,440

 Total liabilities and
 equity

$

1,161,361

$

1,227,040

 (1)

Amounts at December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008 include the
 after-tax amounts for net unrealized gains (losses) on investment
 securities of $(4.735) billion and $(8.008) billion, respectively, for
 foreign currency translation of $(3.255) billion and $(3.964) billion,
 respectively, for cash flow hedges of $(2.367) billion and $(3.247)
 billion, respectively, and for pension liability adjustments of $(1.175)
 billion and $(676) million, respectively.

See Notes to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

125

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING
POLICIES 

Principles of
Consolidation

The Consolidated
Financial Statements include the accounts of Citigroup and its subsidiaries (the
Company). The Company consolidates subsidiaries in which it holds, directly or
indirectly, more than 50% of the voting rights or where it exercises control.
Entities where the Company holds 20% to 50% of the voting rights and/or has the
ability to exercise significant influence, other than investments of designated
venture capital subsidiaries, or investments accounted for at fair value under
the fair value option, are accounted for under the equity method, and the pro
rata share of their income (loss) is included in 
Other revenue

.
Income from investments in less than 20%-owned companies is recognized when
dividends are received. As discussed below, Citigroup consolidates entities
deemed to be variable-interest entities when Citigroup is determined to be the
primary beneficiary. Gains and losses on the disposition of branches,
subsidiaries, affiliates, buildings, and other investments and charges for
management’s estimate of impairment in their value that is other than temporary,
such that recovery of the carrying amount is deemed unlikely, are included in

Other revenue

. 

    Certain
reclassifications have been made to the prior-period’s financial statements and
notes to conform to the current period’s presentation. 

Citibank, N.A.

Citibank, N.A. is a
commercial bank and wholly owned subsidiary of Citigroup Inc. Citibank’s
principal offerings include consumer finance, mortgage lending, and retail
banking products and services; investment banking, commercial banking, cash
management, trade finance and e-commerce products and services; and private
banking products and services. 

    The Company includes
a balance sheet and statement of changes in stockholder’s equity for Citibank,
N.A. to provide information about this entity to shareholders and international
regulatory agencies. (See Note 31 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
further discussion.) 

Variable Interest
Entities

An entity is referred to
as a variable interest entity (VIE) if it meets the criteria outlined in ASC
810, 
Consolidation

 (formerly FASB Interpretation No. 46(R),

Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities
(revised December 2003)

(FIN 46(R)), which are: (1) the entity has equity that is insufficient to permit
the entity to finance its activities without additional subordinated financial
support from other parties, or (2) the entity has equity investors that cannot
make significant decisions about the entity’s operations or that do not absorb
their proportionate share of the expected losses or receive the expected returns
of the entity. 

    In addition, a VIE
must be consolidated by the Company if it is deemed to be the primary
beneficiary of the VIE, which is the party involved with the VIE that has a
majority of the expected losses or a majority of the expected residual returns
or both. 

    Along with the VIEs
that are consolidated in accordance with these guidelines, the Company has
significant variable interests in other VIEs that are not consolidated because
the Company is not the primary beneficiary. 

 These include
multi-seller finance companies, certain collateralized debt obligations (CDOs),
many structured finance transactions, and various investment funds.

    However, these VIEs
as well as all other unconsolidated VIEs are regularly monitored by the Company
to determine if any reconsideration events have occurred that could cause its
primary beneficiary status to change. These events include:

 additional purchases or sales of
 variable interests by Citigroup or an 
unrelated third party, which cause Citigroup’s overall variable
 interest 
ownership to
 change;

changes in contractual
 arrangements in a manner that reallocates expected 
losses and residual returns among the
 variable interest holders; and

providing support to an entity
 that results in an implicit variable interest. 

    All other entities
not deemed to be VIEs with which the Company has involvement are evaluated for
consolidation under other subtopics of ASC 810 (formerly Accounting Research
Bulletin (ARB) No. 51, 

Consolidated Financial Statements

, SFAS No. 94, 
Consolidation of All Majority-Owned Subsidiaries

, and EITF Issue No. 04-5, “Determining
Whether a General Partner, or the General Partners as a Group, Controls a
Limited Partnership or Similar Entity When the Limited Partners Have Certain
Rights.”) 

Foreign Currency
Translation

Assets and liabilities
denominated in foreign currencies are translated into U.S. dollars using
year-end spot foreign-exchange rates. Revenues and expenses are translated
monthly at amounts that approximate weighted average exchange rates, with
resulting transaction gains and losses included in income. The effects of
translating net assets with a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar are
included in a separate component of stockholders’ equity along with related
hedge and tax effects. The effects of translating income from transactions
denominated in foreign currency subsidiaries with the U.S. dollar as the
functional currency, including those in highly inflationary environments, are
primarily included in 
Other revenue

 along
with the related hedge effects. Hedges of foreign currency exposures include
forward foreign currency, option and swap contracts and designated issues of
non-U.S. dollar debt. 

Investment Securities

Investments include
fixed income and equity securities. Fixed income instruments include bonds,
notes and redeemable preferred stocks, as well as certain loan-backed and
structured securities that are subject to prepayment risk. Equity securities
include common and nonredeemable preferred stocks. Investment securities are
classified and accounted for as follows: 

 Fixed income securities classified
 as “held-to-maturity” represent 
securities that the Company has both the ability and the intent to
 hold 
until maturity, and are
 carried at amortized cost. Interest income on such 
securities is included in 
Interest revenue

. 

126

 Fixed income securities and
 marketable equity securities classified 
as “available-for-sale” are carried at fair
 value with changes in fair 
value reported in a separate component of 
Stockholders’ equity

, net 
of applicable
 income taxes. As set out in Note 16 to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements, declines in fair value
 that are determined to be 
other
 than temporary are recorded in earnings immediately. Realized 
gains and losses on sales are included in
 income primarily on a specific 
identification cost basis, and interest and dividend income on
 such 
securities is included in

Interest revenue

.

Venture capital investments held
 by Citigroup’s private equity subsidiaries 
that are considered investment companies are
 carried at fair value with 
changes in fair value reported in 
Other revenue

.
 These subsidiaries 
include
 entities registered as Small Business Investment Companies and 
engage exclusively in venture capital
 activities.

Certain investments in
 non-marketable equity securities and certain 
investments that would otherwise have been
 accounted for using the 
equity
 method are carried at fair value, since the Company has elected to

apply fair value accounting. Changes
 in fair value of such investments are 
recorded in earnings.

Certain non-marketable equity
 securities are carried at cost and 
periodically assessed for other-than-temporary impairment, as set out
 in 
Note 16 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements. 

    For investments in
fixed-income securities classified as held-to-maturity or available-for-sale,
accrual of interest income is suspended for investments that are in default or
on which it is likely that future interest payments will not be made as
scheduled. 

    The Company uses a
number of valuation techniques for investments carried at fair value, which are
described in Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Trading Account Assets and
Liabilities

Trading account assets

 include debt and marketable equity
securities, derivatives in a receivable position, residual interests in
securitizations and physical commodities inventory. In addition (as set out in
Note 27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements), certain assets that Citigroup
has elected to carry at fair value under the fair value option, such as loans
and purchased guarantees, are also included in 
Trading account assets

. 

    Trading account
liabilities

 include
securities sold, not yet purchased (short positions), and derivatives in a net
payable position, as well as certain liabilities that Citigroup has elected to
carry at fair value, as set out in Note 27 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

    Other than physical
commodities inventory, all trading account assets and liabilities are carried at
fair value. Revenues generated from trading assets and trading liabilities are
generally reported in 

Principal transactions

 and include realized gains and losses as well as unrealized gains and
losses resulting from changes in the fair value of such instruments. Interest
income on trading assets is recorded in 
Interest revenue 

reduced by interest expense on trading liabilities. 

     Physical commodities
inventory is carried at the lower of cost or market (LOCOM) with related gains
or losses reported in 

Principal transactions

. Realized gains and losses on sales of commodities inventory are
included in 
Principal transactions

 on a “first in, first out” basis.

    Derivatives used for
trading purposes include interest rate, currency, equity, credit, and commodity
swap agreements, options, caps and floors, warrants, and financial and commodity
futures and forward contracts. Derivative asset and liability positions are
presented net by counterparty on the Consolidated Balance Sheet when a valid
master netting agreement exists and the other conditions set out in ASC 210-20,

Balance Sheet—Offsetting

 (formerly FASB Interpretation No. 39,
“Offsetting of Amounts Related to Certain Contracts”) are met. 

    The Company uses a
number of techniques to determine the fair value of trading assets and
liabilities, all of which are described in Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

Securities Borrowed and Securities
Loaned

Securities borrowing and
lending transactions generally do not constitute a sale of the underlying
securities for accounting purposes, and so are treated as collateralized
financing transactions when the transaction involves the exchange of cash. Such
transactions are recorded at the amount of cash advanced or received plus
accrued interest. As set out in Note 27 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, the Company has elected to apply fair value accounting to a number
of securities borrowing and lending transactions. Irrespective of whether the
Company has elected fair value accounting, fees paid or received for all
securities lending and borrowing transactions are recorded in 
Interest expense

 or

Interest revenue

 at the contractually specified rate.

    Where the conditions
of ASC 210-20 are met, amounts recognized in respect of securities borrowed and
securities loaned are presented net on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

    With respect to
securities borrowed or loaned, the Company pays or receives cash collateral in
an amount in excess of the market value of securities borrowed or loaned. The
Company monitors the market value of securities borrowed and loaned on a daily
basis with additional collateral received or paid as necessary. 

    As described in Note
26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company uses a discounted cash
flow technique to determine the fair value of securities lending and borrowing
transactions. 

Repurchase and Resale
Agreements

Securities sold under
agreements to repurchase (repos) and securities purchased under agreements to
resell (reverse repos) generally do not constitute a sale for accounting
purposes of the underlying securities, and so are treated as collateralized
financing transactions. As set out in Note 27 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements, the Company has elected to apply fair value accounting to a majority
of such transactions, with changes in fair value reported in earnings. Any
transactions for which fair value accounting has not been elected are recorded
at the amount of cash advanced or received plus accrued interest. Irrespective
of whether the Company has elected fair value accounting, interest paid or
received on all repo and reverse repo transactions is recorded in 
Interest expense

 or

Interest revenue

 at the contractually specified rate.

127

     Where the conditions
of ASC 210-20-45-11, 

Balance Sheet—Offsetting: Repurchase and Reverse Repurchase
Agreements

 (formerly FASB
Interpretation No. 41, “Offsetting of Amounts Related to Certain Repurchase and
Reverse Repurchase Agreements”), are met, repos and reverse repos are presented
net on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

    The Company’s policy
is to take possession of securities purchased under agreements to resell. The
market value of securities to be repurchased and resold is monitored, and
additional collateral is obtained where appropriate to protect against credit
exposure. 

    As described in Note
26 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company uses a discounted cash
flow technique to determine the fair value of repo and reverse repo
transactions. 

Loans

Loans are reported at
their outstanding principal balances net of any unearned income and unamortized
deferred fees and costs except that credit card receivable balances also include
accrued interest and fees. Loan origination fees and certain direct origination
costs are generally deferred and recognized as adjustments to income over the
lives of the related loans. 

    As described in Note
27 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, the Company has elected fair value
accounting for certain loans. Such loans are carried at fair value with changes
in fair value reported in earnings. Interest income on such loans is recorded in

Interest revenue

 at the contractually specified rate.

    Loans for which the
fair value option has not been elected are classified upon origination or
acquisition as either held-for-investment or held-for-sale. This classification
is based on management’s initial intent and ability with regard to those loans.

    Loans that are
held-for-investment are classified as 

Loans, net of unearned income

 on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and the
related cash flows are included within the cash flows from investing activities
category in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows on the line 
Change in loans

.
However, when the initial intent for holding a loan has changed from
held-for-investment to held-for-sale, the loan is reclassified to held-for-sale,
but the related cash flows continue to be reported in cash flows from investing
activities in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows on the line 
Proceeds from sales and securitizations of loans

. 

    Substantially all of
the consumer loans sold or securitized by Citigroup are U.S. prime residential
mortgage loans or U.S. credit card receivables. The practice of the U.S. prime
mortgage business has been to sell all of its loans except for non-conforming
adjustable rate loans. U.S. prime mortgage conforming loans are classified as
held-for-sale at the time of origination. The related cash flows are classified
in the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows in the cash flows from operating
activities category on the line 

Change in loans held-for-sale

. 

    U.S. credit card
receivables are classified at origination as loans-held-for-sale to the extent
that management does not have the intent to hold the receivables for the
foreseeable future or until maturity. The U.S. credit card securitization
forecast for the three months following the latest balance sheet date, excluding
replenishments, is the basis for the amount of such loans classified as
held-for-sale. 

 Cash flows related to
U.S. credit card loans classified as held-for-sale at origination or acquisition
are reported in the cash flows from operating activities category on the line

Change in loans
held-for-sale

.

Consumer loans

Consumer loans represent
loans and leases managed primarily by the 
Regional Consumer Banking

 and 
Local Consumer Lending

 businesses. As a general rule, interest
accrual ceases for installment and real estate (both open- and closed-end) loans
when payments are 90 days contractually past due. For credit cards and unsecured
revolving loans, however, the Company generally accrues interest until payments
are 180 days past due. Loans that have been modified to grant a short-term or
long-term concession to a borrower who is in financial difficulty may not be
accruing interest at the time of the modification. The policy for returning such
modified loans to accrual status varies by product and/or region. In most
cases, a minimum number of payments (ranging from one to six) are required,
while in other cases the loan is never returned to accrual status. 

    Citi’s charge-off
policies follow the general guidelines below:

 Unsecured installment loans are
 charged off at 120 days past due. 

Unsecured revolving loans and
 credit card loans are charged off at 180 days contractually past
 due. 

Loans secured with non-real estate
 collateral are written down to the estimated value of the collateral, less
 costs to sell, at 120 days past due. 

Real estate-secured loans are
 written down to the estimated value of the property, less costs to sell, at
 180 days contractually past due. 

Non-bank loans secured by real
 estate are written down to the estimated value of the property, less costs to
 sell, at the earlier of the receipt of title or 12 months in foreclosure (a
 process that must commence when payments are 120 days contractually past
 due). 

Non-bank auto loans are written
 down to the estimated value of the collateral, less costs to sell, at
 repossession or, if repossession is not pursued, no later than 180 days
 contractually past due. 

Non-bank unsecured personal loans
 are charged off when the loan is 180 days contractually past due if there have
 been no payments within the last six months, but in no event can these loans
 exceed 360 days contractually past due. 

Unsecured loans in bankruptcy are
 charged off within 30 days of notification of filing by the bankruptcy court
 or within the contractual write-off periods, whichever occurs
 earlier. 

Real estate-secured loans in
 bankruptcy are written down to the estimated value of the property, less costs
 to sell, 60 days after notification if the borrower is 60 days contractually
 past due.

Non-bank unsecured personal loans
 in bankruptcy are charged off when they are 30 days contractually past due.

128

 Corporate loans

Corporate loans
represent loans and leases managed by 
ICG

 or the

Special Asset Pool

. Corporate loans are identified as impaired
and placed on a cash (non-accrual) basis when it is determined that the payment
of interest or principal is doubtful or when interest or principal is 90 days
past due, except when the loan is well collateralized and in the process of
collection. Any interest accrued on impaired corporate loans and leases is
reversed at 90 days and charged against current earnings, and interest is
thereafter included in earnings only to the extent actually received in cash.
When there is doubt regarding the ultimate collectability of principal, all cash
receipts are thereafter applied to reduce the recorded investment in the loan.

    Impaired corporate
loans and leases are written down to the extent that principal is judged to be
uncollectible. Impaired collateral-dependent loans and leases, where repayment
is expected to be provided solely by the sale of the underlying collateral and
there are no other available and reliable sources of repayment, are written down
to the lower of cost or collateral value. Cash-basis loans are returned to an
accrual status when all contractual principal and interest amounts are
reasonably assured of repayment and there is a sustained period of repayment
performance in accordance with the contractual terms.

Loans Held-for-Sale

Corporate and consumer loans that
have been identified for sale are classified as loans held-for-sale included in

Other assets

. With the exception of certain mortgage loans
for which the fair value option has been elected, these loans are accounted for
at the lower of cost or market value (LOCOM), with any write-downs or subsequent
recoveries charged to 
Other revenue

.

Allowance for Loan
Losses

Allowance for loan losses
represents management’s best estimate of probable losses inherent in the
portfolio, as well as probable losses related to large individually evaluated
impaired loans and troubled debt restructurings. Attribution of the allowance is
made for analytical purposes only, and the entire allowance is available to
absorb probable credit losses inherent in the overall portfolio. Additions to
the allowance are made through the provision for credit losses. Credit losses
are deducted from the allowance, and subsequent recoveries are added. Securities
received in exchange for loan claims in debt restructurings are initially
recorded at fair value, with any gain or loss reflected as a recovery or
charge-off to the allowance, and are subsequently accounted for as securities
available-for-sale. 

 Corporate loans

In the Corporate
portfolios, the allowance for loan losses includes an asset-specific component
and a statistically-based component. The asset specific component is calculated
under ASC 310-10-35, 
Receivables—Subsequent Measurement

 (formerly SFAS 114) on an individual basis
for larger-balance, non-homogeneous loans, which are considered impaired. An
asset-specific allowance is established when the discounted cash flows,
collateral value (less disposal costs), or observable market price of the
impaired loan is lower than its carrying value. This allowance considers the
borrower’s overall financial condition, resources, and payment record, the
prospects for support from any financially responsible guarantors and, if
appropriate, the realizable value of any collateral. The asset specific
component of the allowance for smaller balance impaired loans is calculated on a
pool basis considering historical loss experience. The allowance for the
remainder of the loan portfolio is calculated under ASC 450, 
Contingencies

(formerly SFAS 5) using a statistical methodology, supplemented by management
judgment. The statistical analysis considers the portfolio’s size, remaining
tenor, and credit quality as measured by internal risk ratings assigned to
individual credit facilities, which reflect probability of default and loss
given default. The statistical analysis considers historical default rates and
historical loss severity in the event of default, including historical average
levels and historical variability. The result is an estimated range for inherent
losses. The best estimate within the range is then determined by management’s
quantitative and qualitative assessment of current conditions, including general
economic conditions, specific industry and geographic trends, and internal
factors including portfolio concentrations, trends in internal credit quality
indicators, and current and past underwriting standards. 

Consumer loans

For 
Consumer loans

,
each portfolio of smaller-balance, homogeneous loans—including consumer
mortgage, installment, revolving credit, and most other consumer loans—is
independently evaluated for impairment. The allowance for loan losses attributed
to these loans is established via a process that estimates the probable losses
inherent in the specific portfolio based upon various analyses. These include
migration analysis, in which historical delinquency and credit loss experience
is applied to the current aging of the portfolio, together with analyses that
reflect current trends and conditions. 

    Management also
considers overall portfolio indicators, including historical credit losses,
delinquent, non-performing, and classified loans, trends in volumes and terms of
loans, an evaluation of overall credit quality, the credit process, including
lending policies and procedures, and economic, geographical, product and other
environmental factors. 

    In addition,
valuation allowances are determined for impaired smaller-balance homogeneous
loans whose terms have been modified due to the borrowers’ financial
difficulties and where it has been determined that a concession will be granted
to the borrower. Such modifications may include interest rate reductions,
principal forgiveness and/or term extensions. Where long-term concessions have
been granted, such modifications are accounted for 

129

 as “Troubled Debt
Restructurings” (TDRs). The allowance for loan losses for TDRs is determined by
comparing expected cash flows of the loans discounted at the loans’
original effective interest rates to the carrying value of the loans. Where
short-term concessions have been granted, the allowance for loan losses is
calculated by the analyses described above for smaller-balance, homogeneous
loans and also reflects the estimated future credit losses for those
loans.

Reserve Estimates and
Policies

Management provides reserves for an
estimate of probable losses inherent in the funded loan portfolio on the balance
sheet in the form of an allowance for loan losses. These reserves are
established in accordance with Citigroup’s Credit Reserve Policies, as approved
by the Audit Committee of the Company’s Board of Directors. The Company’s Chief
Risk Officer and Chief Financial Officer review the adequacy of the credit loss
reserves each quarter with representatives from the Risk Management and Finance
staffs for each applicable business area. 

    The above-mentioned
representatives covering the business areas having classifiably managed
portfolios, where internal credit-risk ratings are assigned (primarily

ICG, Regional Consumer Banking and Local Consumer Lending

), or modified consumer loans, where
concessions were granted due to the borrowers’ financial difficulties present
recommended reserve balances for their funded and unfunded lending portfolios
along with supporting quantitative and qualitative data. The quantitative data
include: 

 Estimated probable losses for
 non-performing, non-homogeneous

exposures within a business line’s classifiably managed portfolio
 and

impaired smaller-balance homogeneous loans
 whose terms have

been modified due to the borrowers’ financial difficulties, and it
 was

determined that a long-term concession was
 granted to the borrower. 

Consideration may be given to the following, as appropriate, when
 determining this estimate: (i) the present value of expected future cash flows
 discounted at the loan’s original effective rate; (ii) the borrower’s overall
 financial condition, resources and payment record; and (iii) the prospects for
 support from financially responsible guarantors or the realizable value of any
 collateral. When impairment is measured based on the present value of expected
 future cash flows, the entire change in present value is recorded in the Provision for loan losses.

Statistically calculated
 losses inherent in the classifiably managed 
portfolio for performing and de minimis non-performing
 exposures

.

The calculation is
 based upon: (i) Citigroup’s internal system of credit-risk 
ratings, which are analogous to the risk
 ratings of the major rating agencies; 
and (ii) historical default and loss data, including rating-agency
 information 
regarding default
 rates from 1983 to 2008, and internal data dating to the early 
1970s on severity of losses in the event of
 default.

Additional adjustments
 include

: (i)
 statistically calculated estimates to 
cover the historical fluctuation of the default rates over the credit
 cycle, 
the historical
 variability of loss severity among defaulted loans, and 
the degree to which there are large obligor
 concentrations in the global 
portfolio; and (ii) adjustments made for specifically known items, such
 as 
current environmental
 factors and credit trends. 

     In addition,
representatives from both the Risk Management and Finance staffs that cover
business areas that have delinquency-managed portfolios containing smaller
homogeneous loans (primarily the non-commercial lending areas of 

Regional Consumer Banking

) present their recommended reserve balances based upon leading credit
indicators, including loan delinquencies and changes in portfolio size as well
as economic trends including housing prices, unemployment and GDP. This
methodology is applied separately for each individual product within each
different geographic region in which these portfolios exist. 

    This evaluation
process is subject to numerous estimates and judgments. The frequency of
default, risk ratings, loss recovery rates, the size and diversity of individual
large credits, and the ability of borrowers with foreign currency obligations to
obtain the foreign currency necessary for orderly debt servicing, among other
things, are all taken into account during this review. Changes in these
estimates could have a direct impact on the credit costs in any quarter and
could result in a change in the allowance. Changes to the reserve flow through
the Consolidated Statement of Income on the lines 

Provision for loan losses and
Provision for unfunded lending commitments.

Additional information on the allowance for loan
losses is included in Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Allowance for Unfunded Lending
Commitments

A similar approach to
the allowance for loan losses is used for calculating a reserve for the expected
losses related to unfunded loan commitments and standby letters of credit. This
reserve is classified on the balance sheet in 
Other liabilities

.

Mortgage Servicing Rights
(MSRs)

Mortgage servicing
rights (MSRs) 
are recognized as
intangible assets when purchased or when the Company sells or securitizes loans
acquired through purchase or origination and retains the right to service the
loans. 

     Servicing rights in
the U.S. mortgage and student loan classes of servicing rights are accounted for
at fair value, with changes in value recorded in current earnings.

    Additional
information on the Company’s MSRs can be found in Note 23 to the Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Representations and
Warranties

When selling a loan, the
Company makes various representations and warranties relating to, among other
things, the following:

 the Company’s ownership of the
 loan;

the validity of the lien securing
 the loan;

the absence of delinquent taxes or
 liens against the property securing the loan;

the effectiveness of title
 insurance on the property securing the loan;

the process used in selecting the
 loans for inclusion in a transaction;

the loan’s compliance with any
 applicable loan criteria (e.g., loan balance 
limits, property type, delinquency status)
 established by the buyer; and

the loan’s compliance with
 applicable local, state and federal laws. 

130

     Citigroup’s
repurchases are primarily from Government Sponsored Entities. The specific
representations and warranties made by the Company depend on the nature of the
transaction and the requirements of the buyer. Market conditions and
credit-ratings agency requirements may also affect representations and
warranties and the other provisions the Company may agree to in loan
sales.

    In the event of a
breach of the representations and warranties, the Company may be required to
either repurchase the mortgage loans (generally at unpaid principal balance plus
accrued interest) with the identified defects or indemnify (“make-whole”) the
investor or insurer. The Company has recorded a repurchase reserve
that is included in 

Other liabilities

in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. In the case of a repurchase, the Company will
bear any subsequent credit loss on the mortgage loans. The Company’s
representations and warranties are generally not subject to stated limits in
amount or time of coverage. However, contractual liability arises only when the
representations and warranties are breached and generally only when a loss
results from the breach. In the case of a repurchase, the loan is typically
considered a credit-impaired loan and accounted for under SOP 03-3, “Accounting
for Certain Loans and Debt Securities, Acquired in a Transfer” (now incorporated
into ASC 310-30, 
Receivables—Loans and Debt Securities Acquired
with Deteriorated Credit Quality

). These repurchases have not had a material impact on nonperforming loan
statistics, because credit-impaired purchased SOP 03-3 loans are not included in
nonaccrual loans.

    The Company estimates
its exposure to losses from its obligation to repurchase previously sold loans
based on the probability of repurchase or make-whole and an estimated loss given
repurchase or make-whole. This estimate is calculated separately by sales
vintage (i.e., the year the loans were sold) based on a combination of
historical trends and forecasted repurchases and losses considering the: (1)
trends in requests by investors for loan documentation packages to be reviewed;
(2) trends in recent repurchases and make-wholes; (3) historical percentage of
claims made as a percentage 
of loan
documentation package requests; (4) success rate in appealing claims; (5)
inventory of unresolved claims; and (6) estimated loss given repurchase or
make-whole, including the loss of principal, accrued interest, and foreclosure
costs. The Company does not change its estimation methodology by
counterparty, but the historical experience and trends are considered when
evaluating the overall reserve.

    The request for loan
documentation packages is an early indicator of a potential claim. During 2009,
loan documentation package requests and the level of outstanding claims
increased. In addition, our loss severity estimates increased during 2009 due to
the impact of macroeconomic factors and recent experience. These factors
contributed to a $493 million change in estimate for this reserve in
2009.

    As indicated above,
the repurchase reserve is calculated by sales vintage. The majority of the
repurchases in 2009 were from the 2006 and 2007 sales vintages, which also
represent the vintages with the largest loss-given-repurchase. An insignificant
percentage of 2009 repurchases were from vintages prior to 2006, and this is
expected to decrease, because those

 vintages are later in
the credit cycle. Although early in the credit cycle, the Company has
experienced improved repurchase and loss-given-repurchase statistics from the
2008 and 2009 vintages.

    In the case of a
repurchase of a credit-impaired SOP 03-3 loan (now incorporated into ASC
310-30), the difference between the loan’s fair value and unpaid principal
balance at the time of the repurchase is recorded as a utilization of the
repurchase reserve. Payments to make the investor whole are also treated as
utilizations and charged directly against the reserve. The provision for
estimated probable losses arising from loan sales is recorded as an adjustment
to the gain on sale, which is included in

Other revenue

in
the Consolidated Statement of Income. A liability for representations and
warranties is estimated when the Company sells loans and is updated quarterly.
Any subsequent adjustment to the provision is recorded in 
Other revenue

in
the Consolidated Statement of Income. 

    The activity in the
repurchase reserve for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 is as
follows:

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Balance, beginning of the year

$

75

$

2

 Additions for new sales

33

23

 Change in estimate

493

59

 Utilizations

(119

)

(9

)

 Balance, end of the
 year

$

482

$

75

Goodwill

Goodwill

represents an acquired company’s acquisition
cost over the fair value of net tangible and intangible assets acquired.

Goodwill

is subject to annual impairment tests,
whereby 
Goodwill

is allocated to the Company’s reporting units
and an impairment is deemed to exist if the carrying value of a reporting unit
exceeds its estimated fair value. Furthermore, on any business
dispositions, 
Goodwill

is allocated to the business disposed of based
on the ratio of the fair value of the business disposed of to the fair value of
the reporting unit.

Intangible Assets

 Intangible assets

—including core deposit intangibles, present
value of future profits, purchased credit card relationships, other customer
relationships, and other intangible assets, but excluding MSRs—are amortized
over their estimated useful lives. 
Intangible assets 

deemed to have indefinite useful lives, primarily certain asset
management contracts and trade names, are not amortized and are subject to
annual impairment tests. An impairment exists if the carrying value of the
indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value. For other 
Intangible assets

subject to amortization, an impairment is recognized if the carrying amount is
not recoverable and exceeds the fair value of the 
Intangible asset

.

Other Assets and Other
Liabilities

Other assets

 include, among other items, loans
held-for-sale, deferred tax assets, equity-method investments, interest and fees
receivable, premises and equipment, end-user derivatives in a net receivable
position, repossessed assets, and other receivables.

131

     Other
liabilities

 includes,
among other items, accrued expenses and other payables, deferred tax
liabilities, minority interest, end-user derivatives in a net payable position,
and reserves for legal claims, taxes, restructuring reserves for unfunded
lending commitments, and other matters. 

Repossessed Assets

Upon repossession, loans are
adjusted, if necessary, to the estimated fair value of the underlying collateral
and transferred to repossessed assets. This is reported in 
Other assets

, net
of a valuation allowance for selling costs and net declines in value as
appropriate. 

Securitizations

The Company primarily securitizes
credit card receivables and mortgages. Other types of securitized assets include
corporate debt instruments (in cash and synthetic form) and student loans.

    There are two key
accounting determinations that must be made relating to securitizations. First,
in the case where Citigroup originated or owned the financial assets transferred
to the securitization entity, a decision must be made as to whether that
transfer is considered a sale under U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles (GAAP). If it is a sale, the transferred assets are removed from the
Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet with a gain or loss recognized.
Alternatively, when the transfer would be considered to be a financing rather
than a sale, the assets will remain on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet
with an offsetting liability recognized in the amount of proceeds received.

    Second, a
determination must be made as to whether the securitization entity would be
included in the Company’s Consolidated Financial Statements. For each
securitization entity with which it is involved, the Company makes a
determination of whether the entity should be considered a subsidiary of the
Company and be included in its Consolidated Financial Statements or whether the
entity is sufficiently independent that it does not need to be consolidated. If
the securitization entity’s activities are sufficiently restricted to meet
accounting requirements to be a qualifying special purpose entity (QSPE), the
securitization entity is not consolidated by the seller of the 

transferred assets. If the securitization
entity is determined to be a VIE, the Company consolidates the VIE if it is the
primary beneficiary. 

     For all other
securitization entities determined not to be VIEs in which Citigroup
participates, a consolidation decision is made by evaluating several factors,
including how much of the entity’s ownership is in the hands of third-party
investors, who controls the securitization entity, and who reaps the rewards and
bears the risks of the entity. Only securitization entities controlled by
Citigroup are consolidated. 

    Interests in the
securitized and sold assets may be retained in the form of subordinated
interest-only strips, subordinated tranches, spread accounts, and servicing
rights. In credit 

 card securitizations,
the Company retains a seller’s interest in the credit card receivables
transferred to the trusts, which is not in securitized form. Accordingly, the
seller’s interest is carried on a historical cost basis and classified as

Consumer loans

. Retained interests in securitized mortgage
loans and student loans are classified as 
Trading account assets

, as is a majority of the retained interests in securitized credit card
receivables. Certain other retained interests are recorded as available-for-sale
investments, but servicing rights are recorded at fair value and included in

Intangible assets

. Gains or losses on securitization and sale
depend in part on the previous carrying amount of the loans involved in the
transfer at the date of sale. Gains are recognized at the time of securitization
and are reported in 
Other revenue.

    The Company values
its securitized retained interests at fair value using quoted market prices, if
such positions are actively traded, or financial models that incorporate
observable and unobservable inputs. More specifically, these models estimate the
fair value of these retained interests by determining the present value of
expected future cash flows, using modeling techniques that incorporate
management’s best estimates of key assumptions, including prepayment speeds,
credit losses and discount rates, when observable inputs are not available. In
addition, internally calculated fair values of retained interests are compared
to recent sales of similar assets, if available. 

    Additional
information on the Company’s securitization activities can be found in Note 23
to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Debt

Short-term borrowings and long-term
debt are generally accounted for at amortized cost, except where the Company has
elected to report certain structured notes at fair value.

Transfers of Financial
Assets

For a transfer of financial assets
to be considered a sale: the assets must have been isolated from the Company,
even in bankruptcy or other receivership; the purchaser must have the right to
sell the assets transferred or the purchaser must be a QSPE; and the Company may
not have an option or any obligation to reacquire the assets. If these sale
requirements are met, the assets are removed from the Company’s Consolidated
Balance Sheet. If the conditions for sale are not met, the transfer is
considered to be a secured borrowing, the assets remain on the Consolidated
Balance Sheet, and the sale proceeds are recognized as the Company’s liability.
A legal opinion on a sale is generally obtained for complex transactions or
where the Company 
has continuing
involvement with assets transferred or with the securitization entity. For a
transfer to be eligible for sale accounting, those opinions must state that the
asset transfer is considered a sale and that the assets transferred would not be
consolidated with the Company’s 
Other assets

 in the
event of the Company’s
insolvency. 

See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for further discussion. 

Risk
Management Activities—Derivatives Used for Non-Trading
Purposes

The
Company manages its exposures to market rate movements outside its trading
activities by modifying the asset and liability mix, either directly or through
the use of derivative financial products, including interest-rate swaps,
futures, forwards, and purchased-option positions, as well as foreign-exchange
contracts. These end-user derivatives are carried at fair value in 
Other assets

 or

Other liabilities

. 

To qualify as a hedge under the hedge
accounting rules, a derivative must be highly effective in offsetting the risk
designated as being hedged. 

132

 The hedge relationship
must be formally documented at inception, detailing the particular risk
management objective and strategy for the hedge, which includes the item and
risk that is being hedged and the derivative that is being used, as well as how
effectiveness will be assessed and ineffectiveness measured. The effectiveness
of these hedging relationships is evaluated on a retrospective and prospective
basis, typically using quantitative measures of correlation with hedge
ineffectiveness measured and recorded in current earnings. If a hedge
relationship is found to be ineffective, it no longer qualifies as a hedge and
hedge accounting would not be applied. Any gains or losses attributable to the
derivatives, as well as subsequent changes in fair value, are recognized in

Other revenue

 with no offset on the hedged item, similar to
trading derivatives. 

The foregoing criteria are applied on a
decentralized basis, consistent with the level at which market risk is managed,
but are subject to various limits and controls. The underlying asset, liability
or forecasted transaction may be an individual item or a portfolio of similar
items. 

For fair value hedges, in which derivatives
hedge the fair value of assets or liabilities, changes in the fair value of
derivatives are reflected in 
Other revenue

,
together with changes in the fair value of the related hedged risk. These are
expected to, and generally do, offset each other. Any net amount, representing
hedge ineffectiveness, is reflected in current earnings. Citigroup’s fair value
hedges are primarily hedges of fixed-rate long-term debt, and available-for-sale
securities. 

For cash flow hedges, in which derivatives
hedge the variability of cash flows related to floating- and fixed-rate assets,
liabilities or forecasted transactions, the accounting treatment depends on the
effectiveness of the hedge. To the extent these derivatives are effective in
offsetting the variability of the hedged cash flows, the effective portion of
the changes in the derivatives’ fair values will not be included in current
earnings, but are reported in 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

. These changes in fair value will be included
in earnings of future periods when the hedged cash flows impact earnings. To the
extent these derivatives are not effective, changes 
in their
fair values are immediately included in Other revenue

. Citigroup’s cash flow hedges primarily
include hedges of floating- and fixed-rate debt, as well as rollovers of
short-term fixed-rate liabilities and floating-rate
liabilities. 

For net investment hedges in which derivatives
hedge the foreign currency exposure of a net investment in a foreign operation,
the accounting treatment will similarly depend on the effectiveness of the
hedge. The effective portion of the change in fair value of the derivative,
including any forward premium or discount, is reflected in 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

 as part of the foreign currency translation
adjustment. 

End-user derivatives that are economic hedges,
rather than qualifying for hedge accounting, are also carried at fair value,
with changes in value included in 
Principal transactions

 or 
Other revenue

. Citigroup often uses economic hedges when
qualifying for hedge accounting would be too complex or operationally
burdensome; examples are hedges of the credit risk component of commercial loans
and loan commitments. Citigroup periodically evaluates its hedging strategies in
other areas and may designate

 either a qualifying
hedge or an economic hedge, after considering the relative cost and benefits.
Economic hedges are also employed when the hedged item itself is
marked-to-market through current earnings, such as hedges of commitments to
originate one-to-four-family mortgage loans to be held-for-sale and mortgage
servicing rights (MSRs). 

For those hedge relationships that are
terminated or when hedge designations are removed, the hedge accounting
treatment described in the paragraphs above is no longer applied. Instead, the
end-user derivative is terminated or transferred to the trading account. For
fair value hedges, any changes in the fair value of the hedged item remain as
part of the basis of the asset or liability and are ultimately reflected as an
element of the yield. For cash flow hedges, any changes in fair value of the
end-user derivative remain in 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

 and are included in earnings of future
periods when the hedged cash flows impact earnings. However, if the hedged
forecasted transaction is no longer likely to occur, any changes in fair value
of the end-user derivative are immediately reflected in Other revenue. 

Employee
Benefits Expense

Employee benefits expense includes current service costs of pension and
other postretirement benefit plans, which are accrued on a current basis,
contributions and unrestricted awards under other employee plans, the
amortization of restricted stock awards and costs of other employee benefits.

 Stock-Based
Compensation

The Company recognizes
compensation expense related to stock and option awards over the requisite
service period based on the instruments’ grant date fair value, reduced by
expected forfeitures. Compensation cost related to awards granted to employees
who meet certain age plus years-of-service requirements (retirement eligible
employees) is accrued in the year prior to the grant date, in the same manner as
the accrual for cash incentive compensation. 

Income
Taxes

The
Company is subject to the income tax laws of the U.S., its states and
municipalities and those of the foreign jurisdictions in which the Company
operates. These tax laws are complex and subject to different interpretations by
the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing authorities. In establishing a
provision for income tax expense, the Company must make judgments and
interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. The
Company must also make estimates about when in the future certain items will
affect taxable income in the various tax jurisdictions, both domestic and
foreign. 

     Disputes over interpretations of the tax laws may be subject to
review/adjudication by the court systems of the various tax jurisdictions or may
be settled with the taxing authority upon examination or
audit. 

The Company implemented FASB Interpretation
No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in 
Income Taxes

” (FIN
48) (now ASC 740, Income Taxes), on January 1, 2007, which sets out a consistent
framework to determine the appropriate level of tax reserves to maintain for
uncertain tax positions. See “Accounting
Changes.” 

133

      The Company treats interest and penalties on income taxes as a component
of 
Income tax expense

.

     Deferred taxes are recorded for the
future consequences of events that have been recognized for financial statements
or tax returns, based upon enacted tax laws and rates. 

Deferred tax assets are recognized subject to
management’s judgment that realization is more likely than
not. 

See Note 11 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for a further description of the Company’s provision and related
income tax assets and liabilities. 

Commissions, Underwriting and Principal
Transactions

Commissions, underwriting and principal transactions revenues and related
expenses are recognized in income on a trade-date basis. 

Earnings
per Share

Earnings per share (EPS) is computed after deducting preferred-stock
dividends. The Company has granted restricted and deferred share awards that are
considered to be participating securities, which constitute a second class of
common stock. Accordingly, a portion of Citigroup’s earnings is allocated to the
second class of common stock in the EPS
calculation. 

Basic earnings per share is computed by
dividing income available to common stockholders after the allocation of
dividends and undistributed earnings to the second class of common stock by the
weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted
earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if
securities or other contracts to issue common stock were exercised. It is
computed after giving consideration to the weighted average dilutive effect of
the Company’s stock options and warrants, convertible securities, T-DECs, and
the shares that could have been issued under the Company’s Management Committee
Long-Term Incentive Plan and after the allocation of earnings to the second
class of common stock. 

 Use of
Estimates

Management must make estimates and assumptions that affect the

Consolidated Financial Statements
and the related footnote disclosures. Such estimates are used in connection with
certain fair value measurements. See Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for further discussions on estimates used in the determination of
fair value. The Company also uses estimates in determining consolidation
decisions for special-purpose entities as discussed in Note 23. Moreover,
estimates are significant in determining the amounts of other-than-temporary
impairments, impairments of goodwill and other intangible assets, provisions for
probable losses that may arise from credit-related exposures and probable and
estimable losses related to litigation and regulatory proceedings, and tax
reserves. While management makes its best judgment, actual amounts or results
could differ from those estimates. Current market conditions increase the risk
and complexity of the judgments in these estimates. 

Cash
Flows

Cash
equivalents are defined as those amounts included in cash and due from banks.
Cash flows from risk management activities are classified in the same category
as the related assets and liabilities. 

Related
Party Transactions

The Company has related party transactions with certain of its
subsidiaries and affiliates. These transactions, which are primarily short-term
in nature, include cash accounts, collateralized financing transactions, margin
accounts, derivative trading, charges for operational support and the borrowing
and lending of funds, and are entered into in the ordinary course of business.

134

 ACCOUNTING CHANGES 

FASB
Launches Accounting Standards Codification

The FASB has issued FASB Statement No. 168,
The 
FASB Accounting Standards
Codification

™ and the Hierarchy of Generally Accepted Accounting
Principles (now ASC 105, 

Generally Accepted Accounting Principles

). The statement establishes the FASB
Accounting Standards Codification™ (Codification or ASC) as the single source of
authoritative U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) recognized by
the FASB to be applied by nongovernmental entities. Rules and interpretive
releases of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) under authority of
federal securities laws are also sources of authoritative GAAP for SEC
registrants. The 
Codification
 supersedes
all existing non-SEC accounting and reporting standards. All other
nongrandfathered, non-SEC accounting literature not included in the 
Codification
 has become
nonauthoritative.

Following the 
Codification
, the Board will not issue new standards in
the form of Statements, FASB Staff Positions or Emerging Issues Task Force
Abstracts. Instead, it will issue Accounting Standards Updates (ASU), which will
serve to update the Codification,
provide background information about the guidance and provide the basis for
conclusions on the changes to the 

Codification

.

GAAP is not intended to be changed as a result
of the FASB’s Codification project, but
what does change is the way the guidance is organized and presented. As a
result, these changes have a significant impact on how companies reference GAAP
in their financial statements and in their accounting policies for financial
statements issued for interim and annual periods ending after September 15,
2009. 

Citigroup is providing references to the

Codification

 topics
alongside references to the predecessor standards.

Investments
in Certain Entities that Calculate Net Asset Value per
Share

As of
December 31, 2009, the Company adopted Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No.
2009-12, 
Investments in Certain Entities that Calculate
Net Asset Value per Share (or its Equivalent)

, which provides guidance on measuring the
fair value of certain alternative investments. The ASU permits entities to use
net asset value as a practical expedient to measure the fair value of their
investments in certain investment funds. The ASU also requires additional
disclosures regarding the nature and risks of such investments and provides
guidance on the classification of such investments as Level 2 or Level 3 of the
fair value hierarchy. This ASU did not have a material impact on the Company’s
accounting for its investments in alternative investment
funds.

 Interim
Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial
Instruments

In
April 2009, the FASB issued FSP FAS 107-1 and APB 28-1, 
Interim Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial
Instruments

, (now ASC
825-10-50-10, 
Financial Instruments: Fair Value of Financial
Instruments

). This FSP
requires disclosing qualitative and quantitative information about the fair
value of all financial instruments on a quarterly basis, including methods and
significant assumptions used to estimate fair value during the period. These
disclosures were previously only done
annually. 

The disclosures required by this FSP were
effective for the quarter ended June 30, 2009. This FSP has no effect on how
Citigroup accounts for these instruments.

Measurement
of Fair Value in Inactive Markets

In April 2009, the FASB issued FSP FAS 157-4,

Determining Fair Value When the Volume and
Level of Activity for the Asset or Liability Have Significantly Decreased and
Identifying Transactions That Are Not Orderly 

(now ASC 820-10-35-51A, 
Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures: Determining Fair Value When the
Volume and Level of Activity for the Asset or Liability Have Significantly
Decreased

). The FSP
reaffirms that fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset
or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market
participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. The FSP
also reaffirms the need to use judgment in determining whether a formerly active
market has become inactive and in determining fair values when the market has
become inactive. The adoption of the FSP had no effect on the Company’s
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Determining
Fair Value in Inactive Markets

In October 2008, the FASB issued FSP FAS
157-3, 
Determining Fair Value of Financial Assets
When the Market for That Asset is Not Active

 (now ASC 820-10-35-55A, 
Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures: Financial Assets in a Market
That is Not Active

). The
FSP clarifies that companies can use internal assumptions to determine the fair
value of a financial asset when markets are inactive, and do not necessarily
have to rely on broker quotes. The FSP confirms a joint statement by the FASB
and the SEC in which they stated that companies can use internal assumptions
when relevant market information does not exist and provides an example of how
to determine the fair value for a financial asset in a non-active market. The
FASB emphasized that the FSP is not new guidance, but rather clarifies the
principles in ASC 820, 
Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures

 (formerly SFAS
157). 

Revisions resulting from a change in the
valuation technique or its application should be accounted for prospectively as
a change in accounting estimate. 

The FSP was effective upon issuance and did
not have a material impact. 

135

 Measuring
Liabilities at Fair Value

As of September 30, 2009, the Company adopted
ASU No. 2009-05, 
Measuring Liabilities at Fair
Value

. This ASU provides
clarification that in circumstances in which a quoted price in an active market
for the identical liability is not available, a reporting entity is required to
measure fair value using one or more of the following
techniques:

A valuation technique that uses quoted prices
for similar liabilities (or an identical liability) when traded as
assets.

Another valuation technique that is consistent with the principles of ASC
820. This ASU also clarifies that both a quoted price in an active market for
the identical liability at the measurement date and the quoted price for the
identical liability when traded as an asset in an active market when no
adjustments to the quoted price of the asset are required, are Level 1 fair
value measurements. 

This ASU did not have a material impact on the
Company’s fair value measurements.

Other-Than-Temporary Impairments on Investment
Securities

In
April 2009, the FASB issued FSP FAS 115-2 and FAS 124-2, 
Recognition and Presentation of Other-Than-Temporary
Impairments

 (FSP FAS
115-2) (now ASC 320-10-35-34, 
Investments—Debt and Equity Securities: Recognition of an
Other-Than-Temporary Impairment

), which amends the recognition guidance for other-than-temporary
impairments (OTTI) of debt securities and expands the financial statement
disclosures for OTTI on debt and equity securities. Citigroup adopted the FSP in
the first quarter of 2009. 

As a result of the FSP, the Company’s
Consolidated Statement of Income reflects the full impairment (that is, the
difference between the security’s amortized cost basis and fair value) on debt
securities that the Company intends to sell or would more-likely-than-not be
required to sell before the expected recovery of the amortized cost basis. For
available-for- sale (AFS) and held-to-maturity (HTM) debt securities that
management has no intent to sell and believes that it more-likely-than-not will
not be required to sell prior to recovery, only the credit loss component of the
impairment is recognized in earnings, while the rest of the fair value loss is
recognized in 
Accumulated other comprehensive
income

 (AOCI). The credit
loss component recognized in earnings is identified as the amount of principal
cash flows not expected to be received over the remaining term of the security
as projected using the Company’s cash flow projections and its base assumptions.
As a result of the adoption of the FSP, Citigroup’s income in the first quarter
of 2009 was higher by $631 million on a pretax basis ($391 million on an
after-tax basis), respectively, and AOCI was decreased by a corresponding
amount. 

The cumulative effect of the change included
an increase in the opening balance of 
Retained earnings

at January 1, 2009 of $665 million on a pretax basis ($413 million after-tax).
See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for disclosures related to
the Company’s investment securities and OTTI.

 Business
Combinations

In
December 2007, the FASB issued Statement No. 141(revised), 
Business Combinations

 (now ASC 805-10, 
Business Combinations

), which is designed to improve the relevance, representational
faithfulness, and comparability of the information that a reporting entity
provides in its financial reports about a business combination and its effects.
The statement retains the fundamental principle that the acquisition method of
accounting (which was called the 
purchase method

) be
used for all business combinations and for an acquirer to be identified for each
business combination. The statement also retains the guidance for identifying
and recognizing intangible assets separately from goodwill. The most significant
changes are: (1) acquisition costs and restructuring costs will now be expensed;
(2) stock consideration will be measured based on the quoted market price as of
the acquisition date instead of the date the deal is announced; (3) contingent
consideration arising from contractual and noncontractual contingencies that
meet the more-likely-than-not recognition threshold will be measured and
recognized as an asset or liability at fair value at the acquisition date using
a probability-weighted discounted cash flows model, with subsequent changes in
fair value reflected in earnings; noncontractual contingencies that do not meet
the more-likely-than-not criteria will continue to be recognized when they are
probable and reasonably estimable; and (4) the acquirer will record a 100%
step-up to fair value for all assets and liabilities, including the minority
interest portion, and goodwill is recorded as if a 100% interest was
acquired. 

Citigroup adopted the standard on January 1,
2009, and it is applied prospectively. 

Noncontrolling Interests in
Subsidiaries

In
December 2007, the FASB issued Statement No. 160, 
Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Financial
Statements

 (now ASC
810-10-45-15, 
Consolidation—Noncontrolling Interests in a
Subsidiary

), which
establishes standards for the accounting and reporting of noncontrolling
interests in subsidiaries (previously called minority interests) in consolidated
financial statements and for the loss of control of subsidiaries. The Standard
requires that the equity interest of noncontrolling shareholders, partners, or
other equity holders in subsidiaries be presented as a separate item in

Citigroup’s stockholders’
equity

, rather than as a
liability. After the initial adoption, when a subsidiary is deconsolidated, any
retained noncontrolling equity investment in the former subsidiary must be
measured at fair value at the date of
deconsolidation. 

The gain or loss on the deconsolidation of the
subsidiary is measured using the fair value of the remaining investment, rather
than the previous carrying amount of that retained
investment. 

Citigroup adopted the Standard on January 1,
2009. As a result, $2.392 billion of noncontrolling interests was reclassified
from 
Other liabilities

 to Citigroup’s 

stockholders’ equity

.

136

 Sale with
Repurchase Financing Agreements

In February 2008, the FASB issued FASB Staff
Position (FSP) FAS 140-3, 
Accounting for Transfers of Financial Assets and Repurchase Financing
Transactions

 (now ASC
860-10-40-42, 
Transfers and Servicing: Repurchase
Financing

). This FSP
provides implementation guidance on whether a security transfer with a
contemporaneous repurchase financing involving the transferred financial asset
must be evaluated as one linked transaction or two separate de-linked
transactions. 

The FSP requires the recognition of the
transfer and the repurchase agreement as one linked transaction, unless all of
the following criteria are met: (1) the initial transfer and the repurchase
financing are not contractually contingent on one another; (2) the initial
transferor has full recourse upon default, and the repurchase agreement’s price
is fixed and not at fair value; (3) the financial asset is readily obtainable in
the marketplace and the transfer and repurchase financing are executed at market
rates; and (4) the maturity of the repurchase financing is before the maturity
of the financial asset. The scope of this FSP is limited to transfers and
subsequent repurchase financings that are entered into contemporaneously or in
contemplation of one
another. 

Citigroup adopted the FSP on January 1, 2009.
The impact of adopting this FSP was not material. 

Enhanced
Disclosures of Credit Derivative Instruments and
Guarantees

In
September 2008, the FASB issued FSP FAS 133-1 and FIN 45-4, 
“Disclosures About Credit Derivatives and
Certain Guarantees: An Amendment of FASB Statement No. 133 and FASB
Interpretation No. 45, and Clarification of the Effective Date of FASB Statement
No. 161” (now ASC 815-10-50-4K, 
Derivatives and Hedging: Credit Derivatives

) which requires additional disclosures for
sellers of credit derivative instruments and certain guarantees. This FSP
requires the disclosure of the maximum potential amount of future payments, the
related fair value, and the current status of the payment/performance risk for
certain guarantees and credit derivatives sold. 

Measurement
of Impairment for Certain Securities

In January 2009, the FASB issued FSP EITF
99-20-1, “Amendments to the Impairment Guidance of EITF Issue 99-20” (now
incorporated into ASC 320-10-35-20, 
Investments—Debt and Equity Securities: Steps for Identifying and
Accounting for Impairment

), to achieve more consistent determination of whether
other-than-temporary impairments of available-for-sale or held-to-maturity debt
securities have occurred. 

Prior guidance required entities to assess
whether it was probable that the holder would be unable to collect all amounts
due according to the contractual terms. The FSP eliminates the requirement to
consider market participants’ views of cash flows of a security in determining
whether or not impairment has
occurred. 

The FSP is effective for interim and annual
reporting periods ending after December 15, 2008 and is applied prospectively.
The impact of adopting this FSP was not material. 

 SEC Staff
Guidance on Loan Commitments Recorded at Fair Value Through
Earnings

On
January 1, 2008, the Company adopted Staff Accounting Bulletin No. 109 (SAB
109), which requires that the fair value of a written loan commitment that is
marked-to-market through earnings should include the future cash flows related
to the loan’s servicing rights. However, the fair value measurement of a written
loan commitment still must exclude the expected net cash flows related to
internally developed intangible assets (such as customer relationship intangible
assets). SAB 109 applies to two types of loan commitments: (1) written mortgage
loan commitments for loans that will be held-for-sale when funded and are
marked-to-market as derivatives; and (2) other written loan commitments that are
accounted for at fair value through earnings under the fair value option. SAB
109 supersedes SAB 105, which applied only to derivative loan commitments and
allowed the expected future cash flows related to the associated servicing of
the loan to be recognized only after the servicing asset had been contractually
separated from the underlying loan by sale or securitization of the loan with
servicing retained. SAB 109 was applied prospectively to loan commitments issued
or modified in fiscal quarters beginning after December 15, 2007. The impact of
adopting this SAB was not material. 

Netting of
Cash Collateral Against Derivative Exposures

During April 2007, the FASB issued FSP FIN
39-1, “Amendment of FASB Interpretation No. 39” (now incorporated into ASC
815-10-45, 
Derivatives and Hedging—Other Presentation
Matters

) modifying certain
provisions of FIN 39, “Offsetting of Amounts Related to Certain Contracts.” This
amendment clarified the acceptability of the existing market practice of
offsetting the amounts recorded for cash collateral receivables or payables
against the fair value amounts recognized for net derivative positions executed
with the same counterparty under the same master netting agreement, which was
the Company’s prior accounting practice. Thus, this amendment did not affect the
Company’s consolidated financial statements. 

137

 Fair Value
Measurements

The
Company elected to early adopt SFAS No. 157, 
Fair Value Measurements

 (SFAS 157) (now ASC 820-10, 
Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures

), as of January 1, 2007. The Statement
defines fair value, expands disclosure requirements around fair value and
specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the inputs to
those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable inputs
reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs
reflect the Company’s market assumptions. These two types of inputs create the
following fair value hierarchy: 

 Level 1: Quoted prices for

identical 

instruments in active markets.

Level 2: Quoted prices for

similar 

instruments in active markets; quoted

prices for identical or similar
 instruments in markets that are not 
active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs
 and 
significant value drivers
 are observable in active markets.

Level 3: Valuations derived from
 valuation techniques in which one or 
more significant inputs or significant value drivers are
 unobservable. 

     This hierarchy requires the Company to use observable market data, when
available, and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs when determining fair
value. For some products or in certain market conditions, observable inputs may
not always be available. For example, during the market dislocations that
started in the second half of 2007, certain markets became illiquid, and some
key observable inputs used in valuing certain exposures were unavailable. When
and if these markets become liquid, the valuation of these exposures will use
the related observable inputs available at that time from these
markets. 

Citigroup is required to take into account its
own credit risk when measuring the fair value of derivative positions as well as
the other liabilities for which fair value accounting has been elected. The
adoption of ASC 820 also resulted in some other changes to the valuation
techniques used by Citigroup when determining fair value, most notably the
changes to the way that the probability of default of a counterparty is factored
in and the elimination of a derivative valuation adjustment which is no longer
necessary. The cumulative effect at January 1, 2007 of making these changes was
a gain of $250 million after-tax ($402 million pretax), or $0.05 per diluted
share, which was recorded in the first quarter of 2007 earnings within the

Securities and Banking

business.

The statement also precludes the use of block
discounts for instruments traded in an active market, which were previously
applied to large holdings of publicly traded equity securities, and requires the
recognition of trade-date gains after consideration of all appropriate valuation
adjustments related to certain derivative trades that use unobservable inputs in
determining their fair value. Previous accounting guidance allowed the use of
block discounts in certain circumstances and prohibited the recognition of
day-one gains on certain derivative trades when determining the fair value of
instruments not traded in an active market. The cumulative effect of these
changes resulted in an increase to January 1, 2007 
Retained earnings

of $75 million. 

 Fair Value
Option

The
Company also early adopted SFAS 159, 
The Fair Value Option for Financial Assets and Financial
Liabilities

 (SFAS 159)
(now ASC 825-10-05, 
Financial Instruments: Fair Value Option

) as of January 1, 2007. The fair value option
provides an option on an instrument-by-instrument basis for most financial
assets and liabilities to be reported at fair value with changes in fair value
reported in earnings. After the initial adoption, the election is made at the
acquisition of a financial asset, a financial liability, or a firm commitment
and it may not be revoked. The fair value option provides an opportunity to
mitigate volatility in reported earnings that resulted prior to its adoption
from being required to apply fair value accounting to certain economic hedges
(e.g., derivatives) while having to measure the assets and liabilities being
economically hedged using an accounting method other than fair
value. 

The Company elected to apply fair value
accounting to certain financial instruments held at January 1, 2007 with future
changes in value reported in earnings. The adoption of the fair value option
resulted in a decrease to January 1, 2007 
Retained earnings 

of $99 million. 

Leveraged
Leases

On
January 1, 2007, the Company adopted FSP FAS 13-2, 
Accounting for a Change or Projected Change in the Timing of Cash Flows
Relating to Income Taxes Generated by a Leverage Lease
Transaction

 (FSP 13-2)
(now incorporated into ASC 840-10-25, Leases), which provides guidance regarding
changes or projected changes in the timing of cash flows relating to income
taxes generated by a leveraged-lease
transaction. 

Leveraged leases can provide significant tax
benefits to the lessor, primarily as a result of the timing of tax payments.
Since changes in the timing and/or amount of these tax benefits may have a
significant effect on the cash flows of a lease transaction, a lessor will be
required to perform a recalculation of a leveraged-lease when there is a change
or projected change in the timing of the realization of tax benefits generated
by that lease. Previously, Citigroup did not recalculate the tax benefits if
only the timing of cash flows had
changed. 

The adoption of FSP 13-2 resulted in a
decrease to January 1, 2007 
Retained earnings

of $148 million. This decrease to retained earnings will be recognized in
earnings over the remaining lives of the leases as tax benefits are realized.

138

 Revisions
to the Earnings-per-Share Calculation

In June 2008, the FASB issued FSP EITF 03-6-1,
“Determining Whether Instruments Granted in Share-Based Payment Transactions are
Participating Securities” (now incorporated into ASC 260-10-45-59A, 
Earnings Per Share: Participating Securities and the Two-Class
Method

). Under the FSP,
unvested share-based payment awards that contain nonforfeitable rights to
dividends are considered to be a separate class of common stock and included in
the EPS calculation using the “two-class method.” Citigroup’s restricted and
deferred share awards meet the definition of a participating security. In
accordance with the FSP, restricted and deferred shares are now included as a
separate class of common stock in the basic and diluted EPS
calculation.

The following table shows the effect of
adopting the FSP on Citigroup’s basic and diluted EPS:

2009

2008

2007

 Basic earnings per
 share

 As reported

N/A

$(5.59

)

$0.73

 Two-class method

$(0.80

)

$(5.63

)

$0.68

 Diluted earnings per share (1)

 As reported

N/A

$(5.59

)

$0.72

 Two-class
 method

(0.80

)

$(5.63

)

$0.67

 (1)       

 Diluted EPS
 is the same as Basic EPS in 2009 and 2008 due to the net loss available to
 common shareholders. Using actual diluted shares would result in
 anti-dilution. 

 N/A Not
 applicable

Fair Value
Disclosures About Pension Plan Assets

In December 2008, the FASB issued FSP FAS
132(R)-1, 
Employers’ Disclosures about Pensions and
Other Postretirement Benefit Plan Assets

 (now incorporated into ASC 715-20-50,

Compensation and
Benefits—Disclosure

). This
FSP requires that more detailed information about plan assets be disclosed on an
annual basis. Citigroup is required to separate plan assets into the three fair
value hierarchy levels and provide a roll-forward of the changes in fair value
of plan assets classified as Level
3.

The disclosures about plan assets required by this FSP are effective for
fiscal years ending after December 15, 2009, but have no effect on the
Consolidated Balance Sheet or Statement of Income. 

 Additional
Disclosures for Derivative Instruments

In March 2008, the FASB issued SFAS No. 161,

Disclosures about Derivative Instruments and
Hedging Activities, an Amendment to SFAS 133

 (now incorporated into ASC 815-10-50,

Derivatives and
Hedging—Disclosure

). The
Standard requires enhanced disclosures about derivative instruments and hedged
items that are accounted for under ASC 815 related interpretations. The Standard
is effective for all of the Company’s interim and annual financial statements
beginning with the first quarter of 2009. The Standard expands the disclosure
requirements for derivatives and hedged items and has no impact on how Citigroup
accounts for these instruments. 

Determining
Whether an Instrument (or Embedded Feature) Is Indexed to an Entity’s Own
Stock

Derivative
contracts on a company’s own stock may be accounted for as equity instruments,
rather than as assets and liabilities, only if they are both indexed solely to
the company’s stock and settleable in shares.

In June 2008, the FASB ratified the consensus reached by the EITF on
Issue 07-5, “Determining Whether an Instrument (or Embedded Feature) Is Indexed
to an Entity’s Own Stock” (Issue 07-5) (now ASC 815-40-15-5, 
Derivatives and Hedging: Evaluating Whether an Instrument is Considered
Indexed to an Entity’s Own Stock

). An instrument (or embedded feature) would not be considered indexed to
an entity’s own stock if its settlement amount is affected by variables other
than those used to determine the fair value of a “plain vanilla” option or
forward contract on equity shares, or if the instrument contains a feature (such
as a leverage factor) that increases exposure to those variables. An
equity-linked financial instrument (or embedded feature) would not be considered
indexed to the entity’s own stock if the strike price is denominated in a
currency other than the issuer’s functional currency. 

This issue is effective for Citigroup on
January 1, 2009 and did not have a material impact. 

Equity
Method Investment Accounting Considerations

In November 2008, the FASB ratified the
consensus reached by the EITF on Issue 08-6, “Equity Method Investment
Accounting Considerations” (Issue 08-6) (now ASC 323-10, 
Investments—Equity Method and
Joint Ventures

). An entity
shall measure its equity method investment initially at cost. Any
other-than-temporary impairment of an equity method investment should be
recognized in accordance with Opinion 18. An equity method investor shall not
separately test an investee’s underlying assets for impairment. Share issuance
by an investee shall be accounted for as if the equity method investor had sold
a proportionate share of its investment, with gain or loss recognized in
earnings. 

This issue is effective for Citigroup on
January 1, 2009, and did not have a material impact. 

139

 Accounting
for Defensive Intangible Assets

In November 2008, the FASB ratified the
consensus reached by the EITF on Issue 08-7, “Accounting for Defensive
Intangible Assets” (Issue 08-7) (now ASC 350-30-25-5, 
Intangibles — Goodwill and Other: Defensive Intangible
Assets

). An acquired
defensive asset shall be accounted for as a separate unit of accounting (i.e.,
an asset separate from other assets of the acquirer). The useful life assigned
to an acquired defensive asset shall be based on the period during which the
asset would diminish in value. Issue 08-7 states that it would be rare for a
defensive intangible asset to have an indefinite life. Issue 08-7 is effective
for Citigroup on January 1, 2009, and did not have a material impact.

CVA
Accounting Misstatement

The Company determined that an error existed in the process used to value
certain liabilities for which the Company elected the fair value option (FVO).
The error related to a calculation intended to measure the impact on the
liability’s fair value attributable to Citigroup’s credit spreads. Because of
the error in the process, both an initial Citi contractual credit spread and an
initial own-credit valuation adjustment were being included at the time of
issuance of new Citi FVO debt. The own-credit valuation adjustment was properly
included; therefore, the initial Citi contractual credit spread should have been
excluded. (See Note 27 for a description of own-credit valuation adjustments.)
The cumulative effect of this error from January 1, 2007 (the date that FAS 157
(ASC 820), requiring the valuation of own-credit for FVO liabilities, was
adopted) through December 31, 2008 was to overstate income and retained earnings
by $204 million ($330 million on a pretax basis). The impact of this adjustment
was determined not to be material to the Company’s results of operations and
financial position for any previously reported period. Consequently, in the
accompanying financial statements, the cumulative effect through December 31,
2008 is recorded in 2009. 

      The table below summarizes the previously reported impact of CVA income
for debt on which the FVO was elected and the related adjustments to correct the
process error for the impacted reporting periods. 

 In millions of
 dollars

2008

2007

 Pretax gain (loss) from the change
 in the CVA

        reserve on FVO debt that
 would have been

        recorded in the income
 statement:

               Previously
 reported

$

4,558

$

888

               Corrected
 amount adjusted for removal of the error

4,352

764

 Difference

$

206

$

124

 In millions of
 dollars

2008

2007

 Year-end CVA reserve reported as a
 contra-liability

        on FVO debt:

               Previously
 reported

$

5,446

$

888

               Corrected
 amount adjusted for removal of the error

5,116

764

 Difference

$

330

$

124

See also Note 34 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

140

 FUTURE APPLICATION OF ACCOUNTING
STANDARDS

Additional
Disclosures Regarding Fair Value Measurements

In January 2010, the FASB issued ASU 2010-06,

Improving Disclosures about Fair Value
Measurements.

 The ASU
requires disclosing the amounts of significant transfers in and out of Level 1
and 2 fair value measurements and to describe the reasons for the transfers. The
disclosures are effective for reporting periods beginning after December 15,
2009. Additionally, disclosures of the gross purchases, sales, issuances and
settlements activity in Level 3 fair value measurements will be required for
fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2010. 

Elimination of QSPEs and Changes in the 

Consolidation Model for Variable Interest
Entities

In June
2009, the FASB issued SFAS No. 166, 
Accounting for Transfers of Financial Assets, an amendment of FASB
Statement No. 140 

(SFAS
166), that will eliminate Qualifying Special Purpose Entities (QSPEs). SFAS 166
is effective for fiscal years that begin after November 15, 2009. This change
will have a significant impact on Citigroup’s Consolidated Financial Statements.
Beginning January 1, 2010, the Company will lose sales treatment for certain
future asset transfers that would have been considered sales under SFAS 140, and
for certain transfers of portions of assets that do not meet the definition of
participating interests.

Simultaneously, the FASB issued SFAS No. 167,

Amendments to FASB Interpretation No. 46(R)

(SFAS 167), which details
three key changes to the consolidation model. First, former QSPEs will now be
included in the scope of SFAS 167. In addition, the FASB has changed the method
of analyzing which party to a variable interest entity (VIE) should consolidate
the VIE (known as the primary beneficiary) to a qualitative determination of
which party to the VIE has “power” combined with potentially significant
benefits or losses, instead of the current quantitative risks and rewards model.
The entity that has power has the ability to direct the activities of the VIE
that most significantly impact the VIE’s economic performance. Finally, the new
standard requires that the primary beneficiary analysis be re-evaluated whenever
circumstances change. The current rules require reconsideration of the primary
beneficiary only when specified reconsideration events occur.

     As a result of implementing these
new accounting standards, Citigroup will consolidate certain of the VIEs and
former QSPEs with which it currently has involvement. An ongoing evaluation of
the application of these new requirements could, with the resolution of certain
uncertainties, result in the identification of additional VIEs and former QSPEs,
other than those presented below, needing to be consolidated. It is not
currently anticipated, however, that any such newly identified VIEs and former
QSPEs would have a significant impact on Citigroup’s Consolidated Financial
Statements or capital position.

     In accordance with SFAS
167, Citigroup employed three approaches for consolidating all of the VIEs and
former QSPEs that it consolidated as of January 1, 2010. The first approach
requires initially measuring the assets, liabilities, and noncontrolling
interests of the VIEs and former QSPEs at their carrying values (the amounts at
which the assets, liabilities, and noncontrolling interests would have been
carried in the Consolidated 

 Financial Statements, if
Citigroup had always consolidated these VIEs and former QSPEs). The second
approach is to use the unpaid principal amounts, where using carrying values is
not practicable. The third approach is to elect the fair value option, in which
all of the financial assets and liabilities of certain designated VIEs and
former QSPEs would be recorded at fair value upon adoption of SFAS 167 and
continue to be marked to market thereafter, with changes in fair value reported
in earnings.

     Citigroup consolidated all required
VIEs and former QSPEs, as of January 1, 2010 at carrying values or unpaid
principal amounts, except for certain private label residential mortgage and
mutual fund deferred sales commissions VIEs, for which the fair value option was
elected. The following tables present the pro forma impact of adopting these new
accounting standards applying these approaches.

     The pro forma impact of these
changes on incremental GAAP assets and resulting risk-weighted assets for those
VIEs and former QSPEs that were consolidated or deconsolidated for accounting
purposes as of January 1, 2010 (based on financial information as of December
31, 2009), reflecting Citigroup’s present understanding of the new accounting
requirements and immediate implementation of the recently issued final
risk-based capital rules regarding SFAS 166 and SFAS 167, was as
follows:

Incremental

Risk-

GAAP

weighted

 In billions of
 dollars

assets

assets

 (1)

 Impact of
 consolidation

 Credit cards

$

86.3

$

0.8

 Commercial paper conduits

28.3

13.0

 Student loans

13.6

3.7

 Private label consumer
 mortgages

4.4

1.3

 Municipal tender option bonds

0.6

0.1

 Collateralized loan
 obligations

0.5

0.5

 Mutual fund
 deferred sales commissions

0.5

0.5

        Subtotal

$

134.2

$

19.9

 Impact of
 deconsolidation

 Collateralized debt
 obligations (2)

$

1.9

$

3.6

 Equity-linked
 notes (3)

1.2

0.5

 Total

$

137.3

$

24.0

 (1)       

Citigroup
 undertook certain actions during the first and second quarters of 2009 in
 support of its off-balance-sheet credit card securitization vehicles. As a
 result of these actions, Citigroup included approximately $82 billion of
 incremental risk-weighted assets in its risk-based capital ratios as of
 March 31, 2009 and an additional approximate $900 million as of June 30,
 2009. See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

 (2)

The
 implementation of SFAS 167 will result in the deconsolidation of certain
 synthetic and cash collateralized debt obligation (CDO) VIEs that were
 previously consolidated under the requirements of ASC 810 (FIN 46(R)).
 Upon deconsolidation of these synthetic CDOs, Citigroup’s Consolidated
 Balance Sheet will reflect the recognition of current receivables and
 payables related to purchased and written credit default swaps entered
 into with these VIEs, which had previously been eliminated in
 consolidation. The deconsolidation of certain cash CDOs will have a
 minimal impact on GAAP assets, but will cause a sizable increase in
 risk-weighted assets. The impact on risk-weighted assets results from
 replacing, in Citigroup’s trading account, largely investment grade
 securities owned by these VIEs when consolidated, with Citigroup’s
 holdings of non-investment grade or unrated securities issued by these
 VIEs when deconsolidated.

 (3)

Certain
 equity-linked note client intermediation transactions that had previously
 been consolidated under the requirements of ASC 810 (FIN 46 (R)) will be
 deconsolidated with the implementation of SFAS 167. Upon deconsolidation,
 Citigroup’s Consolidated Balance Sheet will reflect both the equity-linked
 notes issued by the VIEs and held by Citigroup as trading assets, as well
 as related trading liabilities in the form of prepaid equity derivatives.
 These trading assets and trading liabilities were formerly eliminated in
 consolidation.

141

        The preceding table reflects: (i) the
estimated portion of the assets of former QSPEs to which Citigroup, acting as
principal, had transferred assets and received sales treatment as of December
31, 2009 (totaling approximately $712.0 billion), and (ii) the estimated assets
of significant unconsolidated VIEs as of December 31, 2009 with which Citigroup
is involved (totaling approximately $219.2 billion) that are required to be
consolidated under the new accounting standards. Due to the variety of
transaction structures and the level of Citigroup involvement in individual
former QSPEs and VIEs, only a portion of the former QSPEs and VIEs with which
the Company is involved are to be consolidated.

In addition, the cumulative effect of adopting
these new accounting standards as of January 1, 2010, based on financial
information as of December 31, 2009, would result in an estimated aggregate
after-tax charge to 
Retained earnings 

of approximately $8.3 billion, reflecting the net effect of an overall
pretax charge to 
Retained earnings

 (primarily relating to the establishment of
loan loss reserves and the reversal of residual interests held) of approximately
$13.4 billion and the recognition of related deferred tax assets amounting to
approximately $5.1 billion.
       The pro forma impact on
certain of Citigroup’s regulatory capital ratios of adopting these new
accounting standards (based on financial information as of December 31, 2009),
reflecting immediate implementation of the recently issued final risk-based
capital rules regarding SFAS 166 and SFAS 167, would be as follows:

As of December 31,
 2009

As reported

Pro forma

Impact

 Tier 1 Capital

11.67

%

10.26

%

(141

) bps

 Total
 Capital

15.25

%

13.82

%

(143

) bps

       The actual impact of
adopting the new accounting standards on January 1, 2010 could differ, as
financial information changes from the December 31, 2009 estimates and as
several uncertainties in the application of these new standards are
resolved.

Among these uncertainties, the FASB has
proposed an indefinite deferral of the requirements of SFAS 167 for certain
investment companies. Without the proposed deferral, the Company had most
recently estimated that approximately $3.3 billion of assets held by investment
funds managed by Citigroup would be newly consolidated upon the adoption of SFAS
167. If the proposed deferral were to be finalized as currently contemplated,
the Company expects that many, if not all, of the investment vehicles managed by
Citigroup would not be subject to the requirements of SFAS 167. Nevertheless,
Citigroup is continuing to evaluate the potential impacts of the proposed
requirements and, depending upon the eventual resolution of specific
implementation matters, may be required to consolidate certain investment
vehicles, the aggregate assets of which could range up to a total of
approximately $1.2 billion. The effect on the Company’s regulatory capital
ratios, should consolidation of any or all such noted investment vehicles be
required, is not expected to be significant. The preceding tables reflect the
Company’s view that none of the investment vehicles managed by Citigroup will be
required to be consolidated under SFAS 167.

 Loss-Contingency
Disclosures

In June 2008, the FASB issued an
exposure draft proposing expanded disclosures regarding loss contingencies. This
proposal increases the number of loss contingencies subject to disclosure and
requires substantial quantitative and qualitative information to be provided
about those loss contingencies. The proposal will have no impact on the
Company’s accounting for loss contingencies. 

Investment
Company Audit Guide (SOP 07-1)

In July 2007, the AICPA issued Statement of
Position 07-1, “Clarification of the Scope of the Audit and Accounting Guide for
Investment Companies and Accounting by Parent Companies and Equity Method
Investors for Investments in Investment Companies” (SOP 07-1) (now incorporated
into ASC 946-10, 
Financial Services-Investment
Companies

), which was
expected to be effective for fiscal years beginning on or after December 15,
2007. However, in February 2008, the FASB delayed the effective date
indefinitely by issuing an FSP SOP 07-1-1, “Effective Date of AICPA Statement of
Position 07-1.” This statement sets forth more stringent criteria for qualifying
as an investment company than does the predecessor Audit Guide. In addition, ASC
946-10 (SOP 07-1) establishes new criteria for a parent company or equity method
investor to retain investment company accounting in their consolidated financial
statements. Investment companies record all their investments at fair value with
changes in value reflected in earnings. The Company is currently evaluating the
potential impact of adopting the SOP.

142

 2. BUSINESS
DEVELOPMENTS

ACQUISITIONS 

North
America

Acquisition
of ABN AMRO Mortgage Group

In 2007, Citigroup acquired ABN AMRO Mortgage
Group (AAMG), a subsidiary of LaSalle Bank Corporation and ABN AMRO Bank N.V.
AAMG is a national originator and servicer of prime residential mortgage loans.
As part of this acquisition, Citigroup purchased approximately $12 billion in
assets, including $3 billion of mortgage servicing rights, which resulted in the
addition of approximately 1.5 million servicing customers. Results for AAMG are
included within Citigroup’s 
North America Regional Consumer Banking

 business from March 1, 2007 forward.

Acquisition
of Old Lane Partners, L.P.

In 2007, the Company completed the acquisition
of Old Lane Partners, L.P. and Old Lane Partners, GP, LLC (Old Lane). Old Lane
is the manager of a global, multistrategy hedge fund and a private equity fund.
Results for Old Lane are included within 
ICG,

 from July 2,
2007 forward.

On June 12, 2008, Citigroup announced the
restructuring of Old Lane and its multistrategy hedge fund (the “Fund”) in
anticipation of redemptions by all unaffiliated, non-Citigroup employee
investors. To accomplish this restructuring, Citigroup purchased substantially
all of the assets of the Fund at fair value on June 30, 2008. The fair value of
assets purchased from the Fund was approximately $6 billion at June 30, 2008.

Acquisition
of BISYS

In
2007, the Company completed its acquisition of BISYS Group, Inc. (BISYS) for
$1.47 billion in cash. In addition, BISYS’s shareholders received $18.2 million
in the form of a special dividend paid by BISYS simultaneously. Citigroup
completed the sale of the Retirement and Insurance Services Divisions of BISYS
to affiliates of J.C. Flowers & Co. LLC, making the net cost of the
transaction to Citigroup approximately $800 million. Citigroup retained the Fund
Services and Alternative Investment Services businesses of BISYS, which provides
administrative services for hedge funds, mutual funds and private equity funds.
Results for BISYS are included within 
Transaction Services

 business from August 1, 2007 forward. 

Acquisition
of Automated Trading Desk

In 2007, Citigroup completed its acquisition
of Automated Trading Desk (ATD), a leader in electronic market making and
proprietary trading, for approximately $680 million ($102.6 million in cash and
approximately 11.17 million shares of Citigroup common stock). ATD operates as a
unit of Citigroup’s Global Equities business, adding a network of broker-dealer
customers to Citigroup’s diverse base of institutional, broker-dealer and retail
customers. Results for ATD are included within Citigroup’s 
Securities and Banking

 business from October 3, 2007 forward. 

 Latin
America

Acquisition
of Grupo Financiero Uno

In 2007, Citigroup completed its acquisition of Grupo Financiero Uno
(GFU), the largest credit card issuer in Central America, and its
affiliates. 

The acquisition of GFU, with $2.2 billion in
assets, expands the presence of Citigroup’s 
Latin America Consumer Banking

 franchise, enhances its credit card business
in the region and establishes a platform for regional growth in Consumer Finance
and Retail Banking. GFU has more than one million retail clients and operates a
distribution network of 75 branches and more than 100 mini-branches and points
of sale. The results for GFU are included within Citigroup’s 
Latin America Regional Consumer Banking

 businesses from March 5, 2007 forward.

Acquisition
of Grupo Cuscatlán

In 2007, Citigroup completed the acquisition of the subsidiaries of Grupo
Cuscatlán for $1.51 billion ($755 million in cash and 14.2 million shares of
Citigroup common stock) from Corporacion UBC Internacional S.A. Grupo Cuscatlán
is one of the leading financial groups in Central America, with assets of $5.4
billion, loans of $3.5 billion, and deposits of $3.4 billion. Grupo Cuscatlán
has operations in El Salvador, Guatemala, Costa Rica, Honduras and Panama. The
results of Grupo Cuscatlán are included from May 11, 2007 forward and are
recorded in 
Latin America Regional Consumer
Banking

. 

Agreement
to Establish Partnership with Quiñenco—Banco de
Chile

In 2007,
Citigroup and Quiñenco entered into a definitive agreement to establish a
strategic partnership that combined Citigroup operations in Chile with Banco de
Chile’s local banking franchise to create a banking and financial services
institution with approximately 20% market share of the Chilean banking industry.
The transaction closed on January 1,
2008. 

Under the agreement, Citigroup sold its
Chilean operations and other assets in exchange for an approximate 32.96% stake
in LQIF, a wholly owned subsidiary of Quiñenco that controls Banco de Chile, and
is accounted for under the equity method of accounting. As part of the overall
transaction, Citigroup also acquired the U.S. branches of Banco de Chile for
approximately $130 million. The new partnership calls for active participation
by Citigroup in the management of Banco de Chile including board representation
at both LQIF and Banco de
Chile. 

On January 31, 2010 Citigroup elected to
exercise its option to acquire approximately 8.5% of LQIF for approximately $500
million. The acquisition of the additional shares is expected to close on April
30, 2010 and will increase Citigroup’s ownership in LQIF to approximately 41.5%.
Citigroup retains an option to increase its ownership by an additional 8.5% of
LQIF in 2010 for an additional $500 million.

143

 Asia

Acquisition
of Bank of Overseas Chinese

In 2007, Citigroup completed its acquisition
of Bank of Overseas Chinese (BOOC) in Taiwan for approximately $427 million.
BOOC offers a broad suite of corporate banking, consumer and wealth management
products and services to more than one million clients through 55 branches in
Taiwan. This transaction will strengthen Citigroup’s presence in Asia, making it
the largest international bank and thirteenth largest by total assets among all
domestic Taiwan banks. Results for BOOC are included in Citigroup’s 
Asia Regional Consumer Banking 

and 
Securities and Banking

 businesses from December 1, 2007 forward. 

EMEA

Acquisition
of Egg

In 2007,
Citigroup completed its acquisition of Egg Banking plc (Egg), one of the U.K.’s
leading online financial services providers, from Prudential PLC for
approximately $1.39 billion. Egg offers various financial products and services
including online payment and account aggregation services, credit cards,
personal loans, savings accounts, mortgages, insurance and investments. Results
for Egg are included in Citi Holdings’ LCL business from May 1, 2007 forward.

Purchase of
20% Equity Interest in Akbank

In 2007, Citigroup completed its purchase of a
20% equity interest in Akbank for approximately $3.1 billion, accounted for
under the equity method of accounting. Akbank, the second-largest privately
owned bank by assets in Turkey, is a premier, full-service retail, commercial,
corporate and private bank.

Sabanci Holding, a 34% owner of Akbank shares,
and its subsidiaries have granted Citigroup a right of first refusal or first
offer over the sale of any of their Akbank shares in the future. Subject to
certain exceptions, including purchases from Sabanci Holding and its
subsidiaries, Citigroup has otherwise agreed not to increase its percentage
ownership in Akbank. 

 DIVESTITURES 

The following divestitures occurred in 2008
and 2009 and do not qualify as 
Discontinued operations:

Sale of
Phibro LLC

On
December 31, 2009 the Company sold 100% of its interest in Phibro LLC to
Occidental Petroleum Corporation for a purchase price equal to approximately the
net asset value of the
business. 

The decision to sell Phibro was the outcome of
an evaluation of a variety of alternatives and is consistent with Citi's core
strategy of a client-centered business model. The sale of Phibro does not affect
Citi's client-facing commodities business lines, which will continue to operate
and serve the needs of Citi's clients throughout the world.

Sale of
Citi’s Nikko Asset Management Business and Trust and Banking
Corporation

On
October 1, 2009 the Company completed the sale of its entire stake in Nikko
Asset Management (“Nikko AM”) to the Sumitomo Trust and Banking Co., Ltd.
(“Sumitomo Trust”) and completed the sale of Nikko Citi Trust and Banking
Corporation to Nomura Trust & Banking Co.
Ltd. 

The Nikko AM transaction was valued at 120
billion yen (U.S. $1.3 billion at an exchange rate of 89.60 yen to U.S. $1.00 as
of September 30, 2009). The Company received all-cash consideration of 75.6
billion yen (U.S. $844 million), after certain deal related expenses and
adjustments, for its 64% beneficial ownership interest in Nikko AM. Sumitomo
Trust also acquired the beneficial ownership interests in Nikko AM held by
various minority investors in Nikko AM, bringing Sumitomo Trust’s total
ownership stake in Nikko AM to 98.55% at
closing.

For the sale of Nikko Citi Trust and Banking
Corporation, the Company received all-cash consideration of 19 billion yen (U.S.
$212 million at an exchange rate of 89.60 yen to U.S. $1.00 as of September 30,
2009) as part of the transaction, subject to certain post-closing purchase price
adjustments.

Retail
Partner Cards Sales

During 2009, Citigroup sold its Financial Institutions (FI) and Diners
Club North America credit card businesses. Each of these businesses are
reflected in Local Consumer
Lending. Total credit card receivables disposed of in these transactions
was approximately $2.2 billion

.

144

 Joint
Venture with Morgan Stanley

On June 1, 2009, Citi and Morgan Stanley
established a joint venture (JV) that combines the Global Wealth Management
platform of Morgan Stanley with Citigroup’s Smith Barney, Quilter and Australia
private client networks. Citi sold 100% of these businesses to Morgan Stanley in
exchange for a 49% stake in the JV and an upfront cash payment of $2.75 billion.
The 
Brokerage and Asset
Management

 business
recorded a pretax gain of approximately $11.1 billion ($6.7 billion after-tax)
on this sale. Both Morgan Stanley and Citi will access the JV for retail
distribution, and each firm's institutional businesses will continue to execute
order flow from the JV.

Citigroup’s 49% ownership in the JV is
recorded as an equity method investment. In determining the value of its 49%
interest in the JV, Citigroup utilized the assistance of an independent
third-party valuation firm and utilized both the income and the market
approaches. 

Sale of
Citigroup Technology Services Limited

On December 23, 2008, Citigroup announced an
agreement with Wipro Limited to sell all of Citigroup’s interest in Citi
Technology Services Ltd. (CTS), Citigroup’s India-based captive provider of
technology infrastructure support and application development, for all-cash
consideration of approximately $127 million. A substantial portion of the
proceeds from this sale will be recognized over the period in which Citigroup
has a service contract with Wipro Limited. This transaction closed on January
20, 2009 and a loss of approximately $7 million was booked at that
time.

Sale of
Upromise Cards Portfolio

During 2008, the Company sold substantially
all of the Upromise Cards portfolio to Bank of America for an after-tax gain of
$127 million ($201 million pretax). The portfolio sold had balances of
approximately $1.2 billion of credit card receivables. This transaction is
reflected in the 
North America Regional Consumer
Banking

 business
results.

Sale of CitiStreet

On July 1, 2008, Citigroup and State Street
Corporation completed the sale of CitiStreet, a benefits servicing business, to
ING Group in an all-cash transaction valued at $900 million. CitiStreet is a
joint venture formed in 2000 that, prior to the sale, was owned 50% each by
Citigroup and State Street. The transaction closed on July 1, 2008, and
generated an after-tax gain of $222 million ($347 million pretax).

 Divestiture
of Diners Club International

On June 30, 2008, Citigroup completed the sale
of Diners Club International (DCI) to Discover Financial Services, resulting in
an after-tax gain of approximately $56 million ($111 million
pretax). 

Citigroup will continue to issue Diners Club
cards and support its brand and products through ownership of its many Diners
Club card issuers around the world. 

Sale of
Citigroup Global Services Limited

In 2008, Citigroup sold all of its interest in
Citigroup Global Services Limited (CGSL) to Tata Consultancy Services Limited
(TCS) for all-cash consideration of approximately $515 million, resulting in an
after-tax gain of $192 million ($263 million pretax). CGSL was the Citigroup
captive provider of business process outsourcing services solely within the
Banking and Financial Services
sector. 

In addition to the sale, Citigroup signed an
agreement with TCS for TCS to provide, through CGSL, process outsourcing
services to Citigroup and its affiliates in an aggregate amount of $2.5 billion
over a period of 9.5 years.

145

 3. DISCONTINUED
OPERATIONS

Sale of
Nikko Cordial

On
October 1, 2009 the Company announced the successful completion of the sale of
Nikko Cordial Securities to Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation. The transaction
had a total cash value to Citi of 776 billion yen (U.S. $8.7 billion at an
exchange rate of 89.60 yen to U.S. $1.00 as of September 30, 2009). The cash
value is composed of the purchase price for the transferred business of 545
billion yen, the purchase price for certain Japanese-listed equity securities
held by Nikko Cordial Securities of 30 billion yen, and 201 billion yen of
excess cash derived through the repayment of outstanding indebtedness to Citi.
After considering the impact of foreign exchange hedges of the proceeds of the
transaction, the sale resulted an immaterial gain in 2009. A total of about
7,800 employees are included in the
transaction.

The Nikko Cordial operations had total assets
and total liabilities of approximately $24 billion and $16 billion,
respectively, at the time of sale, which were reflected in Citi Holdings prior
to the sale.

     Results for all of the Nikko Cordial
businesses sold are reported as 

Discontinued operations

 for all periods presented.
     Summarized financial information for

Discontinued operations

, including cash flows, related to the sale of
Nikko Cordial is as follows:

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Total revenues, net of interest
 expense

$

646

$

1,194

$

1,195

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations

$

(623

)

$

(694

)

$

128

 Gain on sale

97

—

—

 Provision
 (benefit) for income taxes

(78

)

(286

)

48

 Income (loss) from
 discontinued

        operations, net of
 taxes

$

(448

)

$

(408

)

$

80

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Cash flows from operating
 activities

$

13,867

$

(2,853

)

$

11,169

 Cash flows from investing activities

(20,115

)

(3,306

)

(13,865

)

 Cash flows
 from financing activities

6,233

6,179

2,710

 Net cash provided by (used
 in)

        discontinued
 operations

$

(15

)

$

20

$

14

 Sale of
Citigroup’s German Retail Banking Operations

On December 5, 2008, Citigroup sold its German
retail banking operations to Crédit Mutuel for 5.2 billion Euro in cash plus the
German retail bank’s operating net earnings accrued in 2008 through the closing.
The sale resulted in an after-tax gain of approximately $3.9 billion, including
the after-tax gain on the foreign currency hedge of $383 million recognized
during the fourth quarter of 2008.

The sale does not include the corporate and investment banking business
or the Germany-based European data center.

The German retail banking operations had total
assets and total liabilities as of November 30, 2008 of $15.6 billion and $11.8
billion, respectively.
     Results for all of the German retail
banking businesses sold, as well as the net gain recognized in 2008 from this
sale, are reported as 

Discontinued operations

 for all periods presented.
     Summarized financial information for

Discontinued operations,

 including cash flows, related to the sale of
the German retail banking operations is as follows: 

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Total revenues, net of interest
 expense

$

87

$

6,592

$

2,212

 Income from discontinued operations

$

(22

)

$

1,438

$

652

 Gain on sale

(41

)

3,695

—

 Provision for
 income taxes

(42

)

426

214

 Income from
 discontinued

        operations, net of
 taxes

$

(21

)

$

4,707

$

438

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Cash flows from operating
 activities

$

5

$

(4,719

)

$

2,227

 Cash flows from investing activities

1

18,547

(1,906

)

 Cash flows
 from financing activities

(6

)

(14,226

)

(213

)

 Net cash provided by (used
 in)

        discontinued
 operations

$

 —

$

(398

)

$

108

146

 CitiCapital

On July 31, 2008, Citigroup sold substantially all of CitiCapital, the
equipment finance unit in 
North America

. The total proceeds from the transaction were approximately $12.5
billion and resulted in an after-tax loss to Citigroup of $305 million. This
loss is included in 
Income from discontinued operations

on the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Income for the second quarter of
2008. The assets and liabilities for CitiCapital totaled approximately $12.9
billion and $0.5 billion, respectively, at June 30,
2008.

This transaction encompassed seven CitiCapital equipment finance business
lines, including Healthcare Finance, Private Label Equipment Finance, Material
Handling Finance, Franchise Finance, Construction Equipment Finance, Bankers
Leasing, and CitiCapital Canada. CitiCapital’s Tax Exempt Finance business was
not part of the transaction and was retained by
Citigroup.

CitiCapital had approximately 1,400 employees and 160,000 customers
throughout 
North America.

Results for all of the CitiCapital businesses sold, as well as the net
loss recognized in 2008 from this sale, are reported as 
Discontinued operations

for all periods presented.

Summarized financial information for 
Discontinued operations,

including cash flows, related to the sale of CitiCapital is as
follows:

 In millions of dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Total revenues, net of interest expense

$

46

$

24

$

991

 Income (loss) from discontinued operations

$

(8

)

$

40

$

273

 Loss on sale

17

(506

)

—

 Provision (benefit) for income taxes

4

(202

)

83

 Income (loss) from discontinued

 operations, net of taxes

$

5

$

(264

)

$

190

 In millions of dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Cash flows from operating activities

$

—

$

(287

)

$

(1,148

)

 Cash flows from investing activities

—

349

1,190

 Cash flows from financing activities

—

(61

)

(43

)

 Net cash provided by (used in)

discontinued operations

$

—

$

1

$

(1

)

 Combined Results for Discontinued
Operations

The following is summarized financial information for the Nikko Cordial
business, German retail banking operations and CitiCapital business.
Additionally, contingency consideration payments of $29 million pretax ($19
million after-tax) were received during 2009 related to the sale of Citigroup’s
Asset Management business, which was sold in December 2005. Also, in relation to
the sale of its Life Insurance and Annuity business in 2005, the Company
fulfilled its previously agreed upon obligations with regard to its remaining
10% economic interest in the long-term care business that it had sold to the
predecessor of Genworth Financial in 2000. The reimbursement resulted in a
pretax loss of $50 million ($33 million after-tax) at December 31, 2008. Both
the Asset Management payment received and the Life Insurance and Annuity payment
made are included in these balances.

 In millions of dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Total revenues, net of interest expense

$

779

$

7,810

$

4,398

 Income from discontinued operations

$

(653

)

$

784

$

1,053

 Gain on sale

102

3,139

—

 Provision (benefit) for income taxes

(106

)

(79

)

345

 Income from discontinued

 operations, net of taxes

$

(445

)

$

4,002

$

708

Cash
Flows from Discontinued Operations

 In millions of dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Cash flows from operating activities

$

13,872

$

(7,859

)

$

12,248

 Cash flows from investing activities

(20,085

)

15,590

(14,581

)

 Cash flows from financing activities

6,227

(8,108

)

2,454

 Net cash provided by (used in)

 discontinued operations

$

14

$

(377

)

$

121

147

 4. BUSINESS SEGMENTS

Citigroup is a
diversified bank holding company whose businesses provide a broad range of
financial services to consumer and corporate customers around the world. The
Company’s activities are conducted through the 
Regional Consumer Banking, Institutional Clients Group
(ICG),

 Citi Holdings and

Corporate/Other

business segments.
     The

Regional Consumer Banking

 segment includes a global, full-service
consumer franchise delivering a wide array of banking, credit card lending, and
investment services through a network of local branches, offices and electronic
delivery systems.

The businesses included in the Company’s

ICG

 segment provide corporations, governments,
institutions and investors in approximately 100 countries with a broad range of
banking and financial products and services.

      The Citi Holdings segment is composed of the 
Brokerage and Asset Management, Local Consumer Lending

 and 
Special Asset Pool.

Corporate/Other

includes net treasury results, unallocated corporate expenses, offsets to
certain line-item reclassifications (eliminations), the results of discontinued
operations and unallocated
taxes. 

The accounting policies of these reportable
segments are the same as those disclosed in Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

The following table
presents certain information regarding the Company’s continuing operations by
segment: 

Identifiable

Revenues,

Provision
(benefit)

Income (loss) from

assets

net of interest
 expense

 (1)

for income taxes

continuing
 operations

 (1)(2)(3)

at year end

 In millions of dollars,
 except

 identifiable assets in
 billions

2009

2008

2007

2009

2008

2007

2009

2008

2007

2009

2008

 Regional Consumer
 Banking

$

22,771

$

25,674

$

26,643

$

(386

)

$

136

$

2,122

$

1,891

$

(3,140

)

$

5,589

$

213

$

199

 Institutional Clients
 Group

37,435

34,881

33,454

5,261

2,746

3,116

12,888

9,305

8,969

866

803

        Subtotal
Citicorp

60,206

60,555

60,097

4,875

2,882

5,238

14,779

6,165

14,558

1,079

1,002

 Citi
 Holdings

30,635

(6,698

)

19,513

(7,239

)

(22,621

)

(6,338

)

(8,239

)

(36,012

)

(8,692

)

547

715

 Corporate/Other

(10,556

)

(2,258

)

(2,310

)

(4,369

)

(587

)

(1,446

)

(7,606

)

(2,182

)

(2,674

)

231

221

 Total

$

80,285

$

51,599

$

77,300

$

(6,733

)

$

(20,326

)

$

(2,546

)

$

(1,066

)

$

(32,029

)

$

3,192

$

1,857

$

1,938

 (1)

Includes Citicorp total revenues, net of interest expense, in

North America 

of $19.2 billion, $20.9 billion and
 $20.4 billion; in 
EMEA 

of $15.0 billion, $11.5 billion and
 $12.3 billion; in 
Latin America 

of $12.1 billion, $12.6 billion and
 $12.6 billion; and in 
Asia 

of $13.9 billion, $15.5 billion and
 $14.7 billion in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. Regional numbers
 exclude Citi Holdings and 
Corporate/Other, 

which largely operate within the
 U.S.

 (2)

Includes pretax provisions (credits) for credit losses and for
 benefits and claims in the 
Regional Consumer Banking

results of $7.1
 billion, $6.1 billion and $3.3 billion; in the 
ICG 

results of $1.7 billion, $1.9
 billion and $557 million; and in the Citi Holdings results of $31.4
 billion, $26.7 billion and $14.1 billion for 2009, 2008 and 2007,
 respectively.

 (3)

Corporate/Other 

reflects the restructuring charge,
 net of changes in estimates, of $1.5 billion for 2008 and $1.5 billion for
 2007. Of the total charges, $890 million and $724 million is attributable
 to Citicorp; $267 million and $642 million to Citi Holdings; and $373
 million and $131 million to 
Corporate/Other, 

for 2008 and 2007, respectively.
 See Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further
 discussion.

148

 5. INTEREST REVENUE AND EXPENSE

For the years ended
December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, interest revenue and expense
consisted of the following: 

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 (1)

2007

 (1)

 Interest revenue

 Loan interest, including fees

$

47,457

$

62,336

$

63,201

 Deposits with banks

1,478

3,074

3,097

 Federal funds sold and securities

 purchased under agreements to resell

3,084

9,150

18,341

 Investments, including
 dividends

13,119

10,718

13,423

 Trading account assets (2)

10,723

17,446

18,474

 Other
 interest

774

3,775

4,811

 Total interest
 revenue

$

76,635

$

106,499

$

121,347

 Interest expense

 Deposits (3)

$

10,146

$

20,271

$

28,402

 Federal funds purchased
 and

        securities loaned or sold
 under

        agreements to repurchase

3,433

11,265

23,003

 Trading account liabilities (2)

289

1,257

1,420

 Short-term borrowings

1,425

3,911

7,023

 Long-term
 debt

12,428

16,046

16,110

 Total interest
 expense

$

27,721

$

52,750

$

75,958

 Net interest
 revenue

$

48,914

$

53,749

$

45,389

 Provision for
 loan losses

38,760

33,674

16,832

 Net interest revenue
 after

        provision for loan
 losses

$

10,154

$

20,075

$

28,557

 (1)

Reclassified to conform to the current period’s
 presentation.

 (2)

Interest expense on 
Trading account liabilities

of 
ICG 

is reported as a reduction of
 interest revenue from 
Trading account
 assets

.

 (3)

Includes FDIC deposit insurance fees and
 charges.

 6. COMMISSIONS AND FEES

Commissions and fees
revenue includes charges to customers for credit and bank cards, including
transaction-processing fees and annual fees; advisory and equity and debt
underwriting services; lending and deposit-related transactions, such as loan
commitments, standby letters of credit and other deposit and loan servicing
activities; investment management-related fees, including brokerage services and
custody and trust services; and insurance fees and
commissions. 

The following table presents commissions and
fees revenue for the years ended December 31: 

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Credit cards and bank
 cards

$

4,110

$

4,517

$

5,036

 Investment banking

3,466

2,284

5,228

 Smith Barney

837

2,836

3,265

 ICG 

trading-related

1,729

2,322

2,706

 Transaction services

1,306

1,423

1,166

 Other consumer

1,343

1,211

649

 Checking-related

1,043

1,134

1,108

 Other 
ICG

531

747

295

 Primerica

314

415

455

 Loan servicing (1)

1,858

(1,731

)

560

 Corporate finance (2)

697

(4,876

)

(667

)

 Other

(118

)

84

267

 Total commissions and
 fees

$

17,116

$

10,366

$

20,068

 (1)

Includes fair value adjustments on mortgage servicing assets. The
 mark-to-market on the underlying economic hedges of the MSRs is included
 in 
Other revenue.

 (2)

Includes write-downs of approximately $4.9 billion in 2008 and $1.5
 billion in 2007, net of underwriting fees, on funded and unfunded highly
 leveraged finance commitments, recorded at fair value and reported as
 loans held for sale in 
Other assets. 

Write-downs were recorded on all
 highly leveraged finance commitments where there was value impairment,
 regardless of funding date.

149

 7. PRINCIPAL TRANSACTIONS

Principal transactions
revenue consists of realized and unrealized gains and losses from trading
activities. Trading activities include revenues from fixed income, equities,
credit and commodities products, as well as foreign exchange transactions. Not
included in the table below is the impact of net interest revenue related to
trading activities, which is an integral part of trading activities’
profitability. The following table presents principal transactions revenue for
the years ended December 31:

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Regional Consumer
 Banking

$

911

$

149

$

592

 Institutional Clients
 Group

6,194

6,498

6,324

        Subtotal Citicorp

$

7,105

6,647

6,916

 Local Consumer
 Lending

(449

)

1,520

773

 Brokerage and Asset
 Management

33

(4,958

)

172

 Special Asset Pool

(3,112

)

(26,714

)

(20,719

)

        Subtotal Citi
 Holdings

$

(3,528

)

(30,152

)

(19,774

)

 Corporate/Other

355

904

511

 Total Citigroup

$

3,932

$

(22,601

)

$

(12,347

)

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Interest rate contracts (1)

$

4,075

$

(9,081

)

159

 Foreign exchange contracts (2)

2,762

3,921

2,573

 Equity contracts (3)

(334

)

(958

)

521

 Commodity and other contracts (4)

924

970

662

 Credit
 derivatives (5)

(3,495

)

(17,453

)

(16,262

)

 Total Citigroup

$

3,932

$

(22,601

)

$

(12,347

)

 (1)

Includes revenues from government securities and corporate debt,
 municipal securities, preferred stock, mortgage securities, and other debt
 instruments. Also includes spot and forward trading of currencies and
 exchange-traded and over-the-counter (OTC) currency options, options on
 fixed income securities, interest rate swaps, currency swaps, swap
 options, caps and floors, financial futures, OTC options, and forward
 contracts on fixed income securities.

 (2)

Includes revenues from foreign exchange spot, forward, option and
 swap contracts, as well as translation gains and losses.

 (3)

Includes revenues from common, preferred and convertible preferred
 stock, convertible corporate debt, equity-linked notes, and
 exchange-traded and OTC equity options and warrants.

 (4)

Primarily includes revenues from crude oil, refined oil products,
 natural gas, and other commodities trades.

 (5)

Includes revenues from structured credit
 products.

 8. INCENTIVE PLANS

The Company has adopted a number of
equity compensation plans under which it administers stock options, restricted
or deferred stock awards, stock payments and stock purchase programs. The
award programs are used to attract, retain and motivate officers, employees and
non-employee directors, to provide incentives for their contributions to the
long-term performance and growth of the Company, and to align their interests
with those of stockholders. The plans are administered by the Personnel and
Compensation Committee of the Citigroup Board of Directors (the Committee),
which is composed entirely of independent non-employee directors. Since April
19, 2005, all equity awards have been pursuant to stockholder-approved
plans.

At December 31, 2009, approximately 580.33 million shares were authorized
and available for grant under Citigroup’s 2009 Stock Incentive Plan, and
approximately 66.45 million shares were available for purchase under Citigroup’s
2000 Stock Purchase Plan. The final purchase date for the last offering under
the stock purchase plan was in 2005 and the plan will expire by its terms on
April 30, 2010. Citigroup’s general practice is to deliver shares from treasury
stock upon the exercise or vesting of equity
awards.

The following table shows components of compensation expense relating to
the Company’s stock-based compensation programs as recorded during 2009, 2008
and 2007:

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Charges for estimated awards
 to

        retirement-eligible
 employees

$

207

$

110

$

467

 Option expense

55

29

86

 Amortization of deferred cash
 awards

113

—

—

 Amortization of MC LTIP awards (1)

19

18

18

 Amortization of salary stock
 awards

162

—

—

 Amortization of restricted and deferred

stock
 awards (2)

1,543

3,133

2,728

 Total

$

2,099

$

3,290

$

3,299

 (1)

Management Committee Long-Term Incentive Plan (MC LTIP) awards were
 granted in 2007. The awards expired in December 2009 without the issuance
 of shares.

 (2)

Represents amortization of expense over the remaining life of all
 unvested restricted and deferred stock awards granted to all employees
 prior to 2006. The 2009, 2008 and 2007 periods also include amortization
 expense for all unvested awards to non-retirement-eligible employees on or
 after January 1, 2006. Amortization includes estimated forfeitures of
 awards.

150

 Stock Award
Programs

Citigroup issues (and has issued) shares of its common stock in the form
of restricted stock awards, deferred stock awards, and stock payments pursuant
to the 2009 Stock Incentive Plan (and predecessor plans) to its officers,
employees and non-employee
directors. 

Citigroup’s primary stock award program is the
Capital Accumulation Program (CAP). Generally, CAP awards of restricted or
deferred stock constitute a percentage of annual incentive compensation and vest
ratably over four-year periods, beginning on the first anniversary of the award
date. 

Continuous employment within Citigroup is
generally required to vest in CAP and other stock award programs. Typically,
full or partial vesting is provided for participants whose employment is
terminated involuntarily during the vesting period for a reason other than
“gross misconduct,” who meet specified age and service requirements
(retirement-eligible participants), or who die or become disabled during the
vesting period. Post-employment vesting by retirement-eligible participants is
generally conditioned upon their refraining from competing with Citigroup during
the remaining vesting period.

Generally, in order to reduce the use of
shares under Citigroup’s stockholder-approved stock incentive plan,
the percentages of total annual incentives awarded pursuant to CAP in 2009 and
2010 were reduced and were instead awarded as deferred cash awards in the U.S.
and the U.K. The deferred cash awards are subject to two-year and four-year
vesting schedules, but the other terms and conditions are the same as CAP
awards. The deferred cash awards earn a return during the vesting period based
on LIBOR; in 2010 only, a portion of the deferred cash award was denominated as
a stock unit, the value of which will fluctuate based on the price of Citi
common stock. In both cases, only cash will be delivered at
vesting. 

In 2009 and prior years, CAP awards were
granted to Smith Barney financial advisors and employees of certain other
businesses with two-year vesting schedules (FA
CAP). 

From 2003 to 2007, Citigroup granted annual
stock awards under its Citigroup Ownership Program (COP) to a broad base of
employees who were not eligible for CAP. The COP awards of restricted or
deferred stock vest after three years, but otherwise have terms similar to
CAP. 

Non-employee directors receive part of their
compensation in the form of deferred stock awards that vest in two years, and
may elect to receive part of their retainer in the form of a stock payment,
which they may elect to defer.

From time to time, restricted or deferred
stock awards are made to induce talented employees to join Citigroup or as
special retention awards to key employees. Vesting periods vary, but are
generally two to four years. Generally, recipients must remain employed through
the vesting dates to receive the shares awarded, except in cases of death,
disability, or involuntary termination other than for “gross misconduct.” Unlike
CAP, these awards do not usually provide for post-employment vesting by
retirement-eligible participants. 

      For all stock awards, during the applicable vesting period, the shares
awarded are not issued to participants (in the case of a deferred stock award)
or cannot be sold or transferred by the participants (in the case of a
restricted stock award), until after the vesting conditions have been satisfied.
Recipients of deferred stock awards do not have any stockholder rights until
shares are delivered to them, but they generally are entitled to receive
dividend-equivalent payments during the vesting period. Recipients of restricted
stock awards are entitled to a limited voting right and to receive dividend
equivalent payments during the vesting period. Once a stock award vests, the
shares become freely transferable (but certain executives are required to hold
the shares subject to a stock ownership
commitment). 

Compensation
in respect of 2009 performance to certain officers and highly-compensated
employees (other than the CEO, who received no incentive compensation) was
administered pursuant to structures approved by the Special Master for TARP
Executive Compensation (Special Master). Pursuant to such structures, the
affected employees did not participate in CAP and instead received equity
compensation in the form of salary stock payments (which become transferrable in
monthly installments over periods of either one year or three years beginning in
January 2010), and incentive awards in the form of fully-vested stock payments,
long-term restricted stock (LTRS) and other restricted and deferred stock awards
subject to vesting requirements and sale restrictions. The LTRS awards generally
will not vest unless the employee remains employed until January 20, 2013, and
vested shares will become transferable only in 25% installments as each 25%
of Citi’s TARP obligations is repaid. The awards are also subject to
clawback provisions. Similar to CAP awards, the LTRS awards will vest in the
event of the recipient’s death or disability, but vesting upon
retirement or a change in control are not provided. The other restricted
and deferred stock awards vest ratably over three years pursuant to terms
similar to CAP awards, but vested shares are subject to sale restrictions until
the later of the first anniversary of the regularly scheduled vesting date, or
January 20, 2013.

Unearned compensation expense associated with the CAP, COP and the other
restricted and deferred stock awards described above represents the market value
of Citigroup common stock at the date of grant and is recognized as a charge to
income ratably over the vesting period, except for those awards granted to
retirement-eligible employees. The charge to income for awards made to
retirement-eligible employees is accelerated based on the dates the retirement
rules are met. Beginning in 2006, stock awards to retirement-eligible employees
are recognized in the year prior to the grant in the same manner as cash
incentive compensation is accrued.

In connection with its agreement to repay $20
billion of its TARP obligations to the U.S. Treasury Department in December
2009, Citigroup announced that $1.7 billion of incentive compensation that would
have otherwise been awarded in cash to employees in respect of 2009 performance
would instead be awarded as “common stock equivalent” (CSE) awards. CSE awards
are denominated in U.S. dollars or in local currency and will be paid in April
2010. CSEs are subject to forfeiture only if employment is terminated for reason
of “gross misconduct” on or prior to the payment date. If stockholders approve
in April 2010, the CSEs will be paid in fully transferable

151

 shares of Citigroup
common stock. The number of shares to be delivered will equal the CSE award
value divided by the then fair market value of the common stock. For CSEs
awarded to certain employees whose compensation structure was approved by
the Special Master, 50% of the shares to be delivered in April 2010 will be
subject to restrictions on sale and transfer until January 20, 2011. In lieu of
2010 CAP awards, certain retirement-eligible employees were instead awarded CSEs
payable in April 2010, but any shares that are to be delivered in April 2010
(subject to stockholder approval) will be subject to restrictions on sale or
transfer that will lapse in four equal annual installments beginning January 20,
2011. CSE awards have generally been accrued as compensation expenses in the
year 2009 and will be recorded as a liability from the January 2010 grant date
until the settlement date in April 2010. If stockholders approve delivery of
Citigroup stock for the CSE awards, CSE awards will likely be paid as new issues
of common stock as an exception to the Company’s practice of delivering shares
from treasury stock, and the recorded liability will be reclassified as equity
at that time.

In January 2009, members of the Management
Executive Committee (except the CEO and CFO) received 30% of their incentive
awards for 2008 as performance vesting-equity awards. These awards vest 50% if
the price of Citigroup common stock meets a price target of $10.61, and 50% for
a price target of $17.85, in each case on or prior to January 14, 2013. The
price target will be met only if the NYSE closing price equals or exceeds the
applicable price target for at least 20 NYSE trading days within any period of
30 consecutive NYSE trading days ending on or before January 14, 2013. Any
shares that have not vested by such date will vest according to a fraction, the
numerator of which is the share price on the delivery date and the denominator
of which is the price target of the unvested shares. No dividend equivalents are
paid on unvested awards. Fair value of the awards is recognized as compensation
expense ratably over the vesting period.

      On July 17, 2007, the Committee approved the Management Committee
Long-Term Incentive Plan (MC LTIP) (pursuant to the terms of the
shareholder-approved 1999 Stock Incentive Plan) under which participants
received an equity award that could be earned based on Citigroup’s performance
against various metrics relative to peer companies and publicly-stated return on
equity (ROE) targets measured at the end of each calendar year beginning with
2007. The final expense for each of the three consecutive calendar years was
adjusted based on the results of the ROE tests. No awards were earned for 2009,
2008 or 2007 and no shares were issued because performance targets were not met.
No new awards were made under the MC LTIP since the initial award in July
2007. 

CAP participants in 2008, 2007, 2006 and 2005,
and FA CAP participants in those years and in 2009, could elect to receive all
or part of their award in stock options. The figures presented in the stock
option program tables (see “Stock Option Programs” below) include options
granted in lieu of CAP and FA CAP stock awards in those
years. 

A summary of the status of Citigroup’s
unvested stock awards at December 31, 2009 and changes during the 12 months
ended December 31, 2009 are presented below:

Weighted-average

grant date

 Unvested stock
 awards

Shares

fair value

 Unvested at January 1,
 2009

226,210,859

$

36.23

 New awards

162,193,923

$

4.35

 Cancelled awards

(51,873,773

)

$

26.59

 Deleted awards

(568,377

)

$

13.91

 Vested awards
 (1)

(148,011,884

)

$

25.96

 Unvested at
 December 31, 2009

187,950,748

$

19.53

 (1)

 The
 weighted-average market value of the vestings during 2009 was
 approximately $3.64 per share. 

     At December 31, 2009, there was $1.6 billion of total unrecognized
compensation cost related to unvested stock awards net of the forfeiture
provision. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period
of 1.3 years. 

152

 Stock Option
Programs

The Company
has a number of stock option programs for its non-employee directors, officers
and employees. Generally, in January 2008, 2007 and 2006, stock options were
granted only to CAP and FA CAP participants who elected to receive stock options
in lieu of restricted or deferred stock awards, and to non-employee directors
who elected to receive their compensation in the form of a stock option grant.
Beginning in 2009, CAP participants, and directors may no longer elect to
receive stock options. Occasionally, stock options also may be granted as
sign-on awards. All stock options are granted on Citigroup common stock with
exercise prices that are no less than the fair market value at the time of grant
(which is defined under the plan to be the NYSE closing price on the trading day
immediately preceding the grant date, or on the grant date for grants to certain
officers). Generally, options granted from 2003 through 2009 have six-year
terms, and vest ratably over three- or four-year periods; however, directors’
options cliff vest after two years, and vesting schedules for sign-on grants may
vary. The sale of shares acquired through the exercise of employee stock options
granted from 2003 through 2008 (and FA CAP options granted in 2009) is
restricted for a two-year period (and may be subject to the stock ownership
commitment of senior executives
thereafter). 

Prior to 2003, Citigroup options, including
options granted since the date of the merger of Citicorp and Travelers Group,
Inc., generally vested at a rate of 20% per year over five years (with the first
vesting date occurring 12 to 18 months following the grant date) and had 10-year
terms. Certain options, mostly granted prior to January 1, 2003, and with
10-year terms, permit an employee exercising an option under certain conditions
to be granted new options (reload options) in an amount equal to the number of
common shares used to satisfy the exercise price and the withholding taxes due
upon exercise. The reload options are granted for the remaining term of the
related original option and vest after six months. Reload options may in turn be
exercised using the reload method, given certain conditions. An option may not
be exercised using the reload method unless the market price on the date of
exercise is at least 20% greater than the option exercise price.

      On October 29, 2009, Citigroup made a one-time broad-based option grant
to employees worldwide. The options have a six-year term, and generally vest in
three equal installments over three years, beginning on the first anniversary of
the grant date. The options were awarded with a strike price equal to the NYSE
closing price on the trading day immediately preceding the date of grant
($4.08). The CEO and other employees whose 2009 compensation was subject
to structures approved by the Special Master did not participate
in this grant.

In January 2009, members of the Management
Executive Committee received 10% of their awards as performance-priced stock
options, with an exercise price that placed the awards significantly “out of the
money” on the date of grant. Half of each executive’s options have an exercise
price of $17.85 and half have an exercise price of $10.61. The options were
granted on a day on which Citi’s closing price was $4.53. The options have a
10-year term and vest ratably over a four-year
period. 

On January 22, 2008, Vikram Pandit, CEO, was
awarded stock options to purchase three million shares of common stock. The
options vest 25% per year beginning on the first anniversary of the grant date
and expire on the tenth anniversary of the grant date. One-third of the options
have an exercise price equal to the NYSE closing price of Citigroup stock on the
grant date ($24.40), one-third have an exercise price equal to a 25% premium
over the grant-date closing price ($30.50), and one-third have an exercise price
equal to a 50% premium over the grant date closing price ($36.60). The first
installment of these options vested on January 22, 2009. These options do not
have a reload feature. 

From 1997-2002, a broad base of employees
participated in annual option grant programs. The options vested over five-year
periods, or cliff vested after five years, and had 10-year terms but no reload
features. No grants have been made under these programs since
2002.

153

Information with respect
to stock option activity under Citigroup stock option programs for the years
ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 is as follows:

2009

2008

2007

Weighted-

Weighted-

Weighted-

average

Intrinsic

average

Intrinsic

average

Intrinsic

exercise

value

exercise

value

exercise

value

Options

price

per share

Options

price

per share

Options

price

per
 share

 Outstanding, beginning of
 period

143,860,657

$

41.84

$—

172,767,122

$

43.08

$—

212,067,917

$

41.87

$

13.83

 Granted—original

321,244,728

4.27

—

18,140,448

24.70

—

2,178,136

54.21

—

 Granted—reload

—

—

—

15,984

28.05

—

3,093,370

52.66

—

 Forfeited or exchanged

(39,285,305

)

36.98

—

(24,080,659

)

42.19

—

(8,796,402

)

46.26

1.52

 Expired

(21,775,274

)

36.21

—

(20,441,584

)

38.88

—

(843,256

)

43.40

4.38

 Exercised

—

—

—

(2,540,654

)

22.36

—

(34,932,643

)

36.62

11.16

 Outstanding, end of
 period

404,044,806

$

12.75

$—

143,860,657

$

41.84

$—

172,767,122

$

43.08

$

—

 Exercisable at end of
 period

78,939,093

123,654,795

165,024,814

The following table
summarizes the information about stock options outstanding under Citigroup stock
option programs at December 31, 2009:

Options
outstanding

Options
 exercisable

Weighted-average

Number

contractual life

Weighted-average

Number

Weighted-average

 Range of exercise
 prices

outstanding

remaining

exercise price

exercisable

exercise price

 $2.97–$9.99

310,267,922

5.8 years

$

4.08

232,964

$

5.89

 $10.00–$19.99

5,718,033

8.6 years

14.75

257,547

15.74

 $20.00–$29.99

10,765,908

4.5 years

24.52

3,518,919

24.81

 $30.00–$39.99

6,340,854

3.8 years

34.66

4,836,471

35.01

 $40.00–$49.99

63,222,120

1.0 years

46.17

62,878,916

46.16

 $50.00–$56.41

7,729,969

2.0
years

52.12

7,214,276

51.96

404,044,806

5.0
 years

$

12.76

78,939,093

$

44.83

 As
of December 31, 2009, there was $445.6 million of total unrecognized
compensation cost related to stock options; this cost is expected to be
recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.9 years.

Fair Value
Assumptions

Reload options are treated as separate grants from the related original
grants. Pursuant to the terms of currently outstanding reloadable options, upon
exercise of an option, if employees use previously owned shares to pay the
exercise price and surrender shares otherwise to be received for related tax
withholding, they will receive a reload option covering the same number of
shares used for such purposes, but only if the market price on the date of
exercise is at least 20% greater than the option exercise price. Reload options
vest after six months and carry the same expiration date as the option that gave
rise to the reload grant. The exercise price of a reload grant is the
fair-market value of Citigroup common stock on the date the underlying option is
exercised. Reload options are intended to encourage employees to exercise
options at an earlier date and to retain the shares acquired. The result of this
program is that employees generally will exercise options as soon as they are
able and, therefore, these options have shorter expected lives. Shorter option
lives result in lower valuations. However, such values are expensed more quickly
due to the shorter vesting period of reload options. In
addition,

 since reload options are
treated as separate grants, the existence of the reload feature results in a
greater number of options being valued. Shares received through option exercises
under the reload program, as well as certain other options, are subject to
restrictions on sale. 

Additional valuation and related assumption
information for Citigroup option programs is presented below. Citigroup uses a
lattice-type model to value stock options.

 For options granted
 during

2009

2008

2007

 Weighted-average per-share fair
 value,

        at December 31

$

1.38

$

3.62

$

6.52

 Weighted-average expected
 life

 Original grants

5.87 yrs.

5.00 yrs.

4.66 yrs.

        Reload grants

N/A

1.04
yrs.

1.86
yrs.

 Valuation
 assumptions

        Expected volatility

35.89

%

25.11

%

19.21

%

        Risk-free interest
 rate

2.79

%

2.76

%

4.79

%

        Expected dividend
 yield

0.02

%

4.53

%

4.03

%

 Expected annual
 forfeitures

        Original and reload
 grants

7.6

%

7

%

7

%

N/A  Not applicable

154

 9. RETIREMENT BENEFITS

The Company has
several non-contributory defined-benefit pension plans covering certain
U.S. employees and has various defined-benefit pension and termination-indemnity
plans covering employees outside the United States. The U.S. qualified
defined-benefit plan provides benefits under a cash balance formula. However,
employees satisfying certain age and service requirements remain covered by a
prior final-average pay formula under that plan. Effective January 1, 2008, the
U.S. qualified pension plan was frozen for most employees. Accordingly, no
additional compensation-based contributions were credited to the cash-balance
plan for existing plan participants during 2008 or 2009. However, certain
employees covered under the 

 prior final-pay plan
continue to accrue benefits. The Company also offers postretirement health care
and life insurance benefits to certain eligible U.S. retired employees, as well
as to certain eligible employees outside the United
States. 

The following tables summarize the components
of net (benefit) expense recognized in the Consolidated Statement of Income and
the funded status and amounts recognized in the Consolidated Balance Sheet for
the Company’s U.S. qualified pension plan, postretirement plans and plans
outside the United States. The Company uses a December 31 measurement date for
the U.S. plans as well as the plans outside the United
States.

Net (Benefit) Expense

Pension plans

Postretirement benefit
 plans

U.S. plans (1)

Non-U.S. plans

U.S. plans

Non-U.S. plans

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

2009

2008

2007

2009

2008

2007

2009

2008

2007

 Benefits earned during the
 year

$

18

$

23

$

301

$

148

$

201

$

202

$

1

$

1

$

1

$

26

$

36

$

27

 Interest cost on benefit obligation

649

674

641

301

354

318

61

62

59

89

96

75

 Expected return on plan
 assets

(912

)

(949

)

(889

)

(336

)

(487

)

(477

)

(10

)

(12

)

(12

)

(77

)

(109

) 

(103

)

 Amortization of unrecognized

        Net transition
 obligation

—

—

—

(1

)

1

2

—

—

—

—

—

—

        Prior service cost
 (benefit)

(1

)

(2

)

(3

)

4

4

3

(1

)

—

(3

)

—

—

—

        Net actuarial loss

10

—

84

60

24

39

2

4

3

18

21

13

 Curtailment
 (gain) loss (2)

47

56

—

22

108

36

—

16

9

—

—

—

 Net (benefit)
 expense

$

(189

)

$

(198

)

$

134

$

198

$

205

$

123

$

53

$

71

$

57

$

56

$

44

$

12

 (1)

The U.S. plans exclude nonqualified pension plans, for which the
 net expense was $41 million in 2009, $38 million in 2008 and $45 million
 in 2007.

 (2)

The 2009 curtailment loss in the non-U.S pension plans includes $18
 million gain reflecting the sale of Citigroup’s Nikko operations. See Note
 3 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the
 sale of Nikko operations.

 The estimated net
actuarial loss, prior service cost and net transition obligation that will be
amortized from 
Accumulated other comprehensive income
(loss)

 into net expense in
2010 are approximately $104 million, $2 million and $(2) million, respectively,
for defined-benefit pension plans. For postretirement plans, the estimated 2010
net actuarial loss and prior service cost amortizations are approximately $21
million and $(3) million, respectively.

155

Net Amount Recognized

Pension plans

Post retirement benefit
 plans

U.S. plans

 (1)

Non-U.S. plans

U.S. plans

Non-U.S. plans

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2009

2008

2009

2008

2009

2008

 Change in projected benefit
 obligation

 Projected benefit obligation at beginning of year

$

11,010

$

11,029

$

4,563

$

6,007

$

1,062

$

1,042

$

937

$

1,193

 Benefits earned during the
 year

18

23

148

201

1

1

26

36

 Interest cost on benefit obligation

649

674

301

354

60

62

89

96

 Plan amendments

—

—

(2

)

2

—

—

(4

)

—

 Actuarial loss (gain)

559

(167

)

533

(625

)

43

1

57

(79

)

 Benefits paid

(1,105

)

(607

)

(225

)

(282

)

(93

)

(72

)

(42

)

(41

)

 Expected Medicare Part D subsidy

—

—

—

—

13

11

—

—

 Acquisitions

—

—

—

206

—

—

—

—

 Divestitures

—

—

(170

)

(380

)

—

—

—

—

 Settlements

—

—

(94

)

(65

)

—

—

—

—

 Curtailments (2)

47

58

13

3

—

17

(3

)

(2

)

 Foreign
 exchange impact

—

—

333

(858

)

—

—

81

(266

)

 Projected benefit obligation at
 year end

$

11,178

$

11,010

$

5,400

$

4,563

$

1,086

$

1,062

$

1,141

$

937

 Change in plan
 assets

 Plan assets at fair value at beginning of year

$

11,516

$

12,840

$

4,536

$

6,629

$

143

$

191

$

671

$

1,008

 Actual return on plan
 assets

(488

)

(730

)

728

(883

)

(7

)

(7

)

194

(182

)

 Company contributions (3)

11

13

382

286

71

31

91

72

 Employee contributions

—

—

5

6

—

—

—

—

 Acquisitions

—

—

—

165

—

—

—

—

 Divestitures

—

—

(122

)

(380

)

—

—

—

—

 Settlements

—

—

(95

)

(57

)

—

—

—

—

 Benefits paid

(1,105

)

(607

)

(225

)

(282

)

(93

)

(72

)

(42

)

(42

)

 Foreign exchange
 impact

—

—

383

(948

)

—

—

53

(185

)

 Plan assets at fair value at year
 end

$

9,934

$

11,516

$

5,592

$

4,536

$

114

$

143

$

967

$

671

 Funded status of the plan at year
 end (4)

$

(1,244

)

$

506

$

192

$

(27

)

$

(972

)

$

(919

)

$

(174

)

$

(266

)

 Net amount
 recognized

 Benefit asset

$

 —

$

506

$

684

$

511

$

 —

$

—

$

57

$

—

 Benefit
 liability

(1,244

)

—

(492

)

(538

)

(972

)

(919

)

(231

)

(266

)

 Net amount recognized on the
 balance sheet

$

(1,244

)

$

506

$

192

$

(27

)

$

(972

)

$

(919

)

$

(174

)

$

(266

)

 Amounts recognized in

Accumulated

        other comprehensive income
 (loss)

 Net transition obligation

$

 —

$

—

$

(4

)

$

(5

)

$

—

$

—

$

1

$

1

 Prior service cost
 (benefit)

(2

)

(4

)

23

29

(10

)

(10

)

(5

)

(1

)

 Net actuarial
 loss

3,927

1,978

1,280

1,219

99

41

393

442

 Net amount recognized in
 equity—pretax

$

3,925

$

1,974

$

1,299

$

1,243

$

89

$

31

$

389

$

442

 Accumulated benefit obligation at
 year end

$

11,129

$

10,937

$

4,902

$

4,145

$

1,086

$

1,062

$

1,141

$

937

 (1)

The U.S. plans exclude nonqualified pension plans, for which the
 aggregate projected benefit obligation was $637 million and $586 million
 and the aggregate accumulated benefit obligation was $636 million and $580
 million at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. These plans are
 unfunded. As such, the funded status of these plans is $(637) million and
 $(586) million at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Accumulated other
 comprehensive income (loss) 
reflects pretax charges of $137 million and $72 million at December
 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, that primarily relate to net actuarial
 loss.

 (2)

Changes in projected benefit obligation due to curtailments in the
 non-U.S. pension plans in 2009 include $(3) million and $(9) million in
 curtailment gains and $16 million and $12 million in special termination
 costs during 2009 and 2008, respectively.

 (3)

Company contributions to the U.S. pension plan include $11 million
 and $13 million during 2009 and 2008, respectively, relating to certain
 investment advisory fees and administrative costs that were absorbed by
 the Company. Company contributions to the non-U.S. pension plans include
 $29 million and $55 million of benefits directly paid by the Company
 during 2009 and 2008, respectively.

 (4)

The U.S. qualified pension plan is fully funded under specified
 ERISA funding rules as of January 1, 2009 and projected to be fully funded
 under these rules as of December 31, 2009.

156

 The following table
shows the change in
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

for the years ended December 31, 2009 and
2008:

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

Change

 Other assets

 Prepaid benefit cost

$

741

$

1,017

$

(276

)

 Other liabilities

 Accrued benefit
 liability

3,576

2,309

1,267

 Funded status (1)

$

(2,835

)

$

(1,292

)

$

(1,543

)

 Change in deferred taxes,
 net

$

513

 Amortization and
 other

184

 Change in accumulated
 other

        comprehensive income
 (loss)

$

(846

)

 (1)

Funded status consists of Net
 amount recognized on the balance sheet of the U.S. qualified and
 nonqualified pension and postretirement benefit plans, as well as the
 non-U.S. pension and postretirement plans
.

     At the end of 2009 and 2008, for both qualified and nonqualified plans
and for both funded and unfunded plans, the aggregate projected benefit
obligation (PBO), the aggregate accumulated benefit obligation (ABO), and the aggregate fair value of plan assets for
pension plans with a projected benefit obligation in excess of plan assets, and
pension plans with an accumulated benefit obligation in excess of plan assets,
were as follows:

PBO exceeds fair value of
 plan

ABO exceeds fair value of
 plan

assets

assets

U.S. plans

(1)

Non-U.S. plans

U.S. plans

(1)

Non-U.S. plans

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2009

2008

2009

2008

2009

2008

 Projected benefit
 obligation

$

11,815

$

586

$

1,662

$

1,866

$

11,815

$

586

$

1,288

$

1,374

 Accumulated benefit obligation

11,765

580

1,414

1,640

11,765

580

1,127

1,231

 Fair value of
 plan assets

9,934

—

1,169

1,328

9,934

—

842

875

 (1)

In 2009, the PBO and ABO of the U.S. plans include $11,178 million
 and $11,129 million, respectively, relating to the qualified plan and $637
 million and $636 million, respectively, relating to the nonqualified
 plans. The PBO and ABO of the U.S. qualified pension plan did not exceed
 fair value of plan assets at December 31, 2008 and were not included in
 the 2008 benefit obligations summarized above.

     At December 31, 2009, combined
accumulated benefit obligations for the U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans,
excluding U.S. nonqualified plans, exceeded plan assets by $0.5 billion. At
December 31, 2008, combined plan assets for the U.S. and non-U.S. pension plans,
excluding U.S. nonqualified plans, exceeded the accumulated benefit obligations
by $1.0 billion.

157

 Assumptions

The discount rate and future rate
of compensation assumptions used in determining pension and postretirement
benefit obligations and net benefit expense for the Company’s plans are shown in
the following table: 

 At year end

2009

2008

 Discount rate

 U.S. plans (1)

        Pension

5.90

%

6.1

%

        Postretirement

5.55

6.0

 Non-U.S. plans

        Range

2.00 to 13.25

1.75 to 17.0

        Weighted average

6.50

6.6

 Future compensation increase
 rate

 U.S. plans (2)

3.00

3.0

 Non-U.S. plans

        Range

1.0 to 12.0

1.0 to 11.5

        Weighted average

4.60

4.5

 During the year

2009

2008

 Discount rate

 U.S. plans (1)

        Pension

6.1

%

6.2

%

        Postretirement

6.0

6.0

 Non-U.S. plans

        Range

1.75 to 17.0

2.0 to 10.25

        Weighted average

6.60

6.2

 Future compensation increase
 rate

 U.S. plans (2)

3.0

3.0

 Non-U.S. plans

        Range

1.0 to 11.5

1.0 to 8.25

        Weighted average

4.5

4.4

 (1)

Weighted-average rates for the U.S. plans equal the stated
 rates.

 (2)

Effective January 1, 2008, the U.S. qualified pension plan was
 frozen. Only the future compensation increases for the grandfathered
 employees will affect future pension expense and obligations. Future
 compensation increase rates for small groups of employees were 4% or
 6%.

A one-percentage-point
change in the discount rates would have the following effects on pension
expense:

One-percentage-point
 increase

One-percentage-point
 decrease

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

2009

2008

2007

 Effect on pension expense for U.S.
 plans (1)

$

14

$

36

$

25

$

(27

)

$

(24

)

$

(5

)

 Effect on pension
 expense for non-U.S. plans

(40

)

(58

)

(59

)

62

94

80

 (1)

Due to the freeze of the U.S. qualified pension plan commencing
 January 1, 2008, the majority of the prospective service cost has been
 eliminated and the gain/loss amortization period was changed to the life
 expectancy for inactive participants. As a result, pension expense for the
 U.S. qualified pension plan is driven more by interest costs than service
 costs, and an increase in the discount rate would increase pension
 expense, while a decrease in the discount rate would decrease pension
 expense.

158

 Assumed health-care
cost-trend rates were as follows: 

2009

2008

 Health-care cost increase rate U.S.
 plans

 Following year

8.00

%

7.50

%

 Ultimate rate
 to which cost increase is assumed to decline

5.00

5.00

 Year in which the
 ultimate rate is reached

2016

2014

A one-percentage-point
change in assumed health-care cost-trend rates would have the following effects:

One-percentage-

One-percentage-

point increase

point decrease

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2009

2008

 Effect on benefits earned
 and

        interest cost for U.S.
 plans

$

3

$

3

$

(3

)

$

(2

)

 Effect on accumulated

        postretirement
 benefit

        obligation for U.S.
 plans

60

47

(49

)

(41

)

     Citigroup considers the expected rate of return to be a long-term
assessment of return expectations, based on each plan’s expected asset
allocation, and does not anticipate changing this assumption annually unless
there are significant changes in economic conditions or portfolio composition.
Market performance over a number of earlier years is evaluated covering a wide
range of economic conditions to determine whether there are sound reasons for
projecting any past trends. 

The expected long-term rates of return on
assets used in determining the Company’s pension expense are shown below:

2009

2008

 Rate of return on
 assets

 U.S. plans (1)

7.75

%

8.00

%

 Non-U.S. plans

        Range

2.50 to 13.0

3.14 to 12.5

        Weighted average

7.31

7.62

 (1)

Weighted-average rates for the U.S. plans equal the stated rates.
 As of December 31, 2008, the Company lowered its expected rate of return
 to 7.75%.

A one-percentage-point
change in the expected rates of return would have the following effects on
pension expense: 

One-percentage-point
 increase

One-percentage-point
 decrease

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

2009

2008

2007

 Effect on pension expense for U.S.
 plans

$

(109

)

$

(118

)

$

(118

)

$

109

$

118

$

118

 Effect on pension
 expense for non-U.S. plans

(44

)

(66

)

(59

)

44

66

59

159

Plan Assets

Citigroup’s pension and postretirement plans’
asset allocations for the U.S. plans at the end of 2009 and 2008, and the target
allocations for 2010 by asset category based on asset fair values, are as
follows: 

Target asset

U.S. pension
assets

U.S. postretirement
 assets

allocation

at December 31

at December 31

 Asset category (1)

2010

2009

2008

2009

2008

 Equity securities (2)

0 to 34

%

12

%

6

%

12

%

6

%

 Debt securities

30 to 67

40

42

39

42

 Real estate

0 to 7

5

6

5

6

 Private equity

0 to 15

16

17

16

17

 Other
 investments

8 to
 34

27

29

28

29

 Total

100

%

100

%

100

%

100

%

 (1)

Target asset
 allocations for the U.S. plans are set by investment strategy, not by
 investment product. For example, private equities with an underlying
 investment in real estate are classified in the real estate asset
 category, not private equity.

 (2)

Equity
 securities in the U.S. pension plans include no Citigroup common stock at
 the end of 2009 and 2008.

      Third-party investment managers and third-party affiliated advisors
provide their respective services to Citigroup’s U.S. pension plans. Assets are
rebalanced as the Pension Plan Investment Committee deems appropriate.
Citigroup’s investment strategy, with respect to its pension assets, is to
maintain a globally diversified investment portfolio across several asset
classes, targeting an annual rate of return of 7.75% that, when combined with
Citigroup’s contributions 

 to the plans, will
maintain the plans’ ability to meet all required benefit
obligations.

Citigroup’s pension and postretirement plans’
weighted-average asset allocations for the non-U.S. plans and the actual ranges
at the end of 2009 and 2008, and the weighted-average target allocations for
2010 by asset category based on asset fair values, are as
follows:

Non-U.S. pension
 plans

Weighted-average

Actual range

Weighted-average

target asset
 allocation

at December 31

at December 31

 Asset category

2010

2009

2008

2009

2008

 Equity securities

23

%

0 to 64

%

0 to 57

%

34

%

34

%

 Debt securities

67

0 to 99

0 to 86

55

55

 Real estate

1

0 to 29

0 to 40

1

1

 Other
 investments

9

0 to 100

0 to 100

10

10

 Total

100

%

100

%

100

%

Non-U.S. postretirement
 plans

Weighted-average

Actual range

Weighted-average

target asset
 allocation

at December 31

at December 31

 Asset category

2010

2009

2008

2009

2008

 Equity securities

39

%

0 to 53

%

0 to 53

%

52

%

52

%

 Debt securities

41

0 to 100

36 to 100

37

37

 Other
 investments

20

0 to 11

0 to
 11

11

11

 Total

100

%

100

%

100

%

160

Fair Value
Disclosure

Plan assets
by detailed asset categories and the fair value hierarchy are as
follows:

 In millions of
 dollars

U.S. pension and postretirement
 benefit plans

  (1)

Fair value measurement at December
 31, 2009

 Asset categories

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

 Equity securities

        U.S. equity

  $

531

   $

—

   $

1

$

532

        Non-U.S. equity

310

—

1

311

 Mutual funds

199

—

—

199

 Debt securities

        U.S. treasuries

1,263

—

—

1,263

        U.S. agency

—

124

—

124

        U.S. corporate bonds

—

809

1

810

        Non-U.S. government debt

—

350

—

350

        Non-U.S. corporate bonds

—

218

—

218

        State and municipal debt

—

41

—

41

 Hedge funds

—

1,398

1,235

2,633

 Asset backed securities

—

33

—

33

 Mortgage backed securities

—

33

—

33

 Annuity contracts

—

—

215

215

 Private equity

—

—

2,539

2,539

 Other investments (2)

(14

)

18

148

152

 Real
 estate

9

—

—

9

 Total
 investments

$

2,298

$

3,024

$

4,140

$

9,462

 Cash and cash
 equivalents

$

108

$

478

$

—

$

586

 Total assets

$

2,406

$

3,502

$

4,140

$

10,048

 (1)

The investments of the U.S. pension and postretirement benefit
 plans are commingled in a trust. At December 31, 2009, the allocable
 interests of the U.S. pension and postretirement benefit plans were 98.9%
 and 1.1%, respectively.

 (2)

Other investments classified as Level 1 include futures carried at
 fair value.

 In millions of
 dollars

Non-U.S. pension and postretirement
 benefit plans 

 (1)

Fair value measurement at December
 31, 2009

 Asset categories

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

Total

 Equity securities

        U.S. equity

  $

—

       $

19

      $

—

$

19

        Non-U.S. equity

323

422

—

745

 Mutual funds

922

2,035

—

2,957

 Debt securities

        U.S. Treasuries

—

19

—

19

        Non-U.S. government debt

1

1,159

—

1,160

        Non-U.S. corporate bonds

—

292

87

379

        State and municipal debt

—

13

—

13

 Hedge funds

—

—

13

13

 Real
 estate

—

—

14

14

 Total
 investments

$

1,246

$

3,959

$

114

$

5,319

 Cash and cash
 equivalents

$

30

$

16

$

—

$

46

 Total assets

$

1,276

$

3,975

$

114

$

5,365

 (1)

The assets
 of the non-U.S. plans include assets of the top five countries, which make
 up 82% of all non-U.S. plan assets at December 31, 2009.

161

Level 3 Roll Forward

The reconciliations of
the beginning and ending balances during the period for Level 3 assets are as
follows:

 In millions of
 dollars

U.S. pension and postretirement
 benefit plans

Beginning Level 3

Realized

Unrealized

Purchases,

Transfers in

Ending Level 3

market value at

gains

gains

sales,

and/or out of

market value at

 Asset categories

Dec. 31, 2008

(losses)

(losses)

issuances

Level 3

Dec. 31, 2009

 Equity securities

        U.S. equity

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

1

$

—

$

1

        Non-U.S. equity

—

—

—

1

—

1

 Mutual funds

2

—

—

—

(2

)

—

 Debt securities

        U.S. corporate bonds

1

—

1

(1

)

—

1

 Hedge funds

1,390

(2

)

109

(168

)

(94

)

1,235

 Annuity contracts

277

60

(61

)

(61

)

—

215

 Private equity

2,877

(14

)

(504

)

180

—

2,539

 Other
 investments

170

12

(4

)

(30

)

—

148

 Total assets

$

4,717

$

56

$

(459

)

$

(78

)

$

(96

)

$

4,140

 In millions of
 dollars

Non-U.S. pension and postretirement
 benefit plans

Beginning Level 3

Realized

Unrealized

Purchases,

Transfers in

Ending Level 3

market value at

gains

gains

sales,

and/or out of

market value at

 Asset categories

Dec. 31, 2008

(losses)

(losses)

issuances

Level 3

Dec. 31, 2009

 Debt securities

        Non-U.S.
 corporate bonds

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

87

$

—

$

87

 Hedge funds

14

—

(1

)

—

—

13

 Real
 estate

13

—

1

—

—

14

 Total assets

$

27

$

—

$

—

$

87

$

—

$

114

 Investment
Strategy

Citigroup’s
global pension and postretirement funds’ investment strategies are to invest in
a prudent manner for the exclusive purpose of providing benefits to
participants. The investment strategies are targeted to produce a total return
that, when combined with Citigroup’s contributions to the funds, will maintain
the funds’ ability to meet all required benefit obligations. Risk is controlled
through diversification of asset types and investments in domestic and
international equities, fixed-income securities and cash. The target asset
allocation in most locations outside the U.S. is to have the majority of the
assets in either equity or debt securities. These allocations may vary by
geographic region and country depending on the nature of applicable obligations
and various other regional considerations. The wide variation in the actual
range of plan asset allocations for the funded non-U.S. plans is a result of
differing local statutory requirements and economic conditions. For example, in
certain countries local law requires that all pension plan assets must be
invested in fixed-income investments, government funds, or local-country
securities. 

Significant Concentrations of Risk in
Plan Assets

The assets
of Citigroup’s pension plans are diversified to limit the impact of any
individual investment. The U.S. pension plan is diversified across multiple
asset classes, with publicly traded fixed income, hedge funds and private equity
representing the most significant asset allocations. Investments in these three
asset classes are further diversified across funds, managers,

 strategies, vintages,
sectors and geographies, depending on the specific characteristics of each asset
class. The pension assets for Citigroup’s largest non-U.S. plans are primarily
invested in publicly-traded fixed income and publicly-traded equity securities.

Risk management practices

Risk management oversight for Citigroup’s U.S.
pension plans and largest non-U.S. pension plans is performed by Citigroup’s
Independent Risk Management Regional Units. The risk oversight function covers
market risk, credit risk and operational risk. Although the specific components
of risk oversight are tailored to the requirements of each region and of each
country, the following risk management elements are common to all
regions:

 Periodic asset liability
 management and strategic asset allocation studies

Monitoring of funding levels and
 funding ratios

Monitoring compliance with asset
 allocation guidelines

Monitoring asset class performance
 against asset class benchmarks

Monitoring investor manager
 performance against benchmarks

Quarterly risk capital
 measurement 

Risk management for the
remaining non-U.S. pension assets and liabilities is performed by Citigroup’s
local country management.

162

 Contributions

Citigroup’s pension funding policy for U.S.
plans and non-U.S. plans is generally to fund to applicable minimum funding
requirements rather than to the amounts of accumulated benefit obligations. For
the U.S. plans, the Company may increase its contributions above the minimum
required contribution under ERISA, if appropriate to its tax and cash position
and the plans’ funded position. For the U.S. pension plans, at December 31,
2009, there were no minimum required cash contributions, and no discretionary or
non-cash contributions are currently planned. For the non-U.S. pension plans,
discretionary cash contributions in 2010 are anticipated to be approximately
$160 million. In addition, the Company expects to contribute $35 million of
benefits to be directly paid by the Company for its unfunded non-U.S. pension
and postretirement plans. For the U.S. postretirement benefit plans, there are
no expected or required contributions for 2010. For the non-U.S. postretirement
benefit plans, expected cash contributions for 2010 are $72 million including $3
million of benefits to be directly paid by the Company. These estimates are
subject to change, since contribution decisions are affected by various factors,
such as market performance and regulatory requirements; in addition, management
has the ability to change funding policy. 

Estimated Future Benefit
Payments

The Company
expects to pay the following estimated benefit payments in future years:

U.S. plans

Non-U.S.
 plans

Pension

Pension

Postretirement

 In millions of
 dollars

benefits

benefits

benefits

 2010

$

727

   $

327

$

45

 2011

739

290

47

 2012

760

295

50

 2013

774

302

54

 2014

788

316

57

 2015–2019

4,113

1,815

357

Prescription Drugs

In December 2003, the Medicare Prescription
Drug Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (the “Act of 2003”) was enacted.
The Act of 2003 established a prescription drug benefit under Medicare known as
“Medicare Part D,” and a federal subsidy to sponsors of U.S. retiree health-care
benefit plans that provide a benefit that is at least actuarially equivalent to
Medicare Part D. The benefits provided to certain participants are at least
actuarially equivalent to Medicare Part D and, accordingly, the Company is
entitled to a subsidy.

The expected subsidy reduced the accumulated
postretirement benefit obligation (APBO) by approximately $148 million and $142
million as of January 1, 2009 and 2008, respectively, and the postretirement
expense by approximately $13 million and $17 million for 2009 and 2008,
respectively. 

      The following table shows the estimated future benefit payments without
the effect of the subsidy and the amounts of the expected subsidy in future
years: 

Expected U.S.

postretirement benefit
 payments

Before Medicare

Medicare

 In millions of
 dollars

Part D subsidy

Part D subsidy

 2010

$

113

$

13

 2011

113

13

 2012

111

13

 2013

109

14

 2014

106

14

 2015–2019

479

67

Citigroup
401(k)

Under the
Citigroup 401(k) plan, a defined-contribution plan, eligible U.S. employees
received matching contributions up to 6% of their compensation in 2009, subject
to statutory limits. Effective January 7, 2010, the maximum amount of matching
contributions paid on employee deferral contributions made into this plan will
be reduced from 6% to 4% of eligible pay for all employees. The matching
contribution is invested according to participants’ individual elections.
Additionally, for eligible employees whose compensation is $100,000 or less, a
fixed contribution of up to 2% of compensation is
provided.

The pretax expense associated with this plan
amounted to approximately $442 million and $580 million in 2009 and 2008,
respectively. The decrease in expense from 2008 to 2009 reflects the reduction
in participants due to the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney joint venture and other
reductions in workforce.

163

 10. RESTRUCTURING

In the fourth quarter of 2008, Citigroup
recorded a pretax restructuring expense of $1.581 billion related to the
implementation of a Company-wide re-engineering plan. For the year ended
December 31, 2009, Citigroup recorded a pretax net restructuring release of $110
million composed of a gross charge of $86 million and a credit of $196 million
due to changes in estimates. The charges related to the 2008 Re-engineering
Projects Restructuring Initiative are reported in 
Restructuring 

on
the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Income and are recorded in each
segment. 

In 2007, the Company completed a review of its
structural expense base in a Company-wide effort to create a more streamlined
organization, reduce expense growth, and provide investment funds for future
growth initiatives. As a result of this review, a pretax restructuring charge of
$1.4 billion was recorded in 
Corporate/Other

during the first quarter of 2007. Additional net charges of $151 million were
recognized in subsequent quarters throughout 2007, and net releases of $31
million and $3 million in 2008 and 2009, respectively, due to changes in
estimates. The charges related to

 the 2007 Structural
Expense Review Restructuring Initiative are reported in Restructuring on the Company’s Consolidated
Statement of Income.

The primary goals of the 2008 Re-engineering
Projects Restructuring Initiative and the 2007 Structural Expense Review
Restructuring Initiative were: 

 eliminate layers of
 management/improve workforce management;

consolidate certain back-office,
 middle-office and corporate functions;

increase the use of shared
 services;

expand centralized procurement;
 and

continue to rationalize
 operational spending on technology. 

     The implementation of these restructuring initiatives also caused certain
related premises and equipment assets to become redundant. The remaining
depreciable lives of these assets were shortened, and accelerated depreciation
charges began in the second quarter of 2007 and fourth quarter of 2008 for the
2007 and 2008 initiatives, respectively, in addition to normal scheduled
depreciation.

     The following tables detail the
Company’s restructuring reserves. 

2008 Re-engineering Projects
Restructuring Charges

Severance

Contract

Asset

Employee

termination

write-

termination

Total

 In millions of
 dollars

ASC 712

 (1)

ASC 420

 (2)

costs

downs

 (3)

cost

Citigroup

 (4)

 Total Citigroup
 (pretax)

 Original restructuring
 charge

     $

1,254

      $

79

     $

55

 $

123

$

19

$

1,530

 Utilization

$

(114

)

$

(3

)

 $

(2

)

$

(100

)

$

—

$

(219

)

 Balance at
 December 31, 2008

$

1,140

$

76

$

53

$

23

$

19

$

1,311

 Additional
 charge

24

29

23

10

—

86

 Foreign
 exchange

14

—

3

(11

)

(1

)

5

 Utilization

(882

)

(102

)

(33

)

(14

)

(6

)

(1,037

)

 Changes in estimates

(175

)

(3

)

(5

)

(5

)

(8

)

(196

)

 Balance at
 December 31, 2009

$

121

$

—

$

41

$

3

$

4

$

169

 (1)

Accounted for in accordance with ASC 712, 
Compensation – Nonretirement
 Postemployment Benefits 

(formerly SFAS No. 112,

Employer’s Accounting for Post
 Employment Benefits 

(SFAS 112)).

 (2)

Accounted for in accordance with ASC 420, 
Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations

(formerly SFAS
 No. 146, 
Accounting for Costs Associated
 with Exit or Disposal Activities 

(SFAS 146)).

 (3)

Accounted for in accordance with ASC 360, 
Property, Plant and Equipment

(formerly SFAS
 No. 144, 
Accounting for the Impairment or
 Disposal of Long-Lived Assets 

(SFAS 144)).

 (4)

Total Citigroup charge in the table above does not include a $51
 million one-time pension curtailment charge related to this restructuring
 initiative, which is recorded as part of the Company’s 
Restructuring 

charge in the Consolidated
 Statement of Income at December 31, 2008.

164

2007 Structural Expense Review
Restructuring Charges

Severance

Contract

Asset

Employee

termination

write-

termination

Total

 In millions of
 dollars

ASC 712

 (1)

ASC 420

 (2)

costs

downs

 (3)

cost

Citigroup

 Total Citigroup
 (pretax)

 Original restructuring
 charge

       $

950

 $

11

$

25

 $

352

$

39

$

1,377

 Additional charge

$

42

$

96

$

29

$

27

$

11

$

205

 Foreign exchange

19

—

2

—

—

21

 Utilization

(547

)

(75

)

(28

)

(363

)

(33

)

(1,046

)

 Changes in
 estimates

(39

)

—

(6

)

(1

)

(8

)

(54

)

 Balance at December 31,
 2007

$

425

$

32

$

22

$

15

$

9

$

503

 Additional charge

$

10

$

14

$

43

$

6

$

—

$

73

 Foreign exchange

(11

)

—

(4

)

—

—

(15

)

 Utilization

(288

)

(34

)

(22

)

(7

)

(6

)

(357

)

 Changes in estimates

(93

)

(2

)

(2

)

(4

)

(3

)

(104

)

 Balance at December 31,
 2008

$

43

$

10

$

37

$

10

$

—

$

100

 Foreign exchange

(1

)

—

(1

)

—

—

(2

)

 Utilization

(41

)

(10

)

(35

)

(9

)

—

(95

)

 Changes in estimates

(1

)

—

(1

)

(1

)

—

(3

)

 Balance at December 31,
 2009

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

 (1)

Accounted for in accordance with ASC 712, 
Compensation – Nonretirement
 Postemployment Benefits 

(formerly SFAS No. 112,

Employer’s Accounting for Post
 Employment Benefits 

(SFAS 112)).

 (2)

Accounted for in accordance with ASC 420, 
Exit or Disposal Cost Obligations

(formerly SFAS
 No. 146, 
Accounting for Costs Associated
 with Exit or Disposal Activities 

(SFAS 146)).

 (3)

Accounted for in accordance with ASC 360, 
Property, Plant and Equipment

(formerly SFAS
 No. 144, 
Accounting for the Impairment or
 Disposal of Long-Lived Assets 

(SFAS
144)).

      The total restructuring reserve balance and total charges as of December
31, 2009 and 2008 related to the 2008 Re-engineering Projects Restructuring
Initiatives are presented below by business in the following 

 tables. These charges
are reported in 
Restructuring

 on the Company’s Consolidated Statement of
Income and are recorded in each business. 

2008 Re-engineering
Projects

For the year ended December 31,
 2009

Total

Total

restructuring

restructuring

charges for

Total

reserve

the year

restructuring

balance as of

ended

charges

December 31,

December 31,

since

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2009

inception

 (1)(2)

 Citicorp

$

75

$

31

$

832

 Citi
 Holdings

1

27

252

 Corporate/Other

93

28

336

 Total Citigroup
 (pretax)

$

169

$

86

$

1,420

 (1)

Amounts shown net of $196 million related to changes in estimates
 recorded during 2009.

 (2)

Excludes pension curtailment charges of $51 million recorded during
 the fourth quarter of 2008.

For the year ended December 31,
 2008

Total restructuring
 reserve

Total

balance as of

restructuring

 In millions of
 dollars

December 31, 2008

charges

 (1)

 Citicorp

$

789

$

890

 Citi
 Holdings

184

267

 Corporate/Other

338

373

 Total Citigroup
 (pretax)

$

1,311

$

1,530

 (1)

Represents the total charges incurred since inception and excludes
 pension curtailment charges of $51 million recorded during
 2008.

165

11. INCOME TAXES

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Current

 Federal

$

(1,711

)

$

(4,582

)

$

(2,260

)

 Foreign

3,101

4,762

3,566

 State

(414

)

29

75

 Total current income
 taxes

$

976

$

209

$

1,381

 Deferred

 Federal

$

(6,892

)

$

(16,583

)

$

(2,109

)

 Foreign

(182

)

(1,794

)

(1,042

)

 State

(635

)

(2,158

)

(776

)

 Total deferred income
 taxes

$

(7,709

)

$

(20,535

)

$

(3,927

)

 Provision (benefit) for income tax
 on

        continuing operations
 before

        noncontrolling interests 
(1)

$

(6,733

)

$

(20,326

)

$

(2,546

)

 Provision (benefit) for income
 taxes on

discontinued operations

(106

)

(79

)

344

 Provision (benefit) for income
 taxes on

cumulative effect of accounting
 changes

—

—

(109

)

 Income tax expense (benefit)
 reported in

stockholders’ equity related
 to:

Foreign currency translation

(415

)

(2,116

)

565

Securities available-for-sale

2,765

(5,468

)

(759

)

Employee stock plans

1,351

449

(410

)

Cash flow hedges

1,165

(1,354

)

(1,705

)

Pension liability adjustments

(513

)

(918

)

426

Tax on exchange offer booked
to

 retained earnings

3,523

—

—

 Income taxes before noncontrolling
 interests

$

1,037

$

(29,812

)

$

(4,194

)

 (1)

Includes the effect of securities transactions and OTTI losses
 resulting in a provision (benefit) of $698 million and $(1,017) million in
 2009, $238 million and $(959) million in 2008 and $409 million and $0 in
 2007, respectively.

      The reconciliation of the federal statutory income tax rate to the
Company’s effective income tax rate applicable to income from continuing operations (before noncontrolling interests
and the cumulative effect of accounting changes) for the years ended December 31
was as follows: 

2009

2008

2007

 Federal statutory
 rate

35.0

%

35.0

%

35.0

%

 State income taxes, net of federal benefit

8.4

2.7

(70.4

)

 Foreign income tax rate
 differential

26.0

1.2

(217.2

)

 Audit settlements (1)

4.4

—

—

 Goodwill

0.5

(2.2

)

0.6

 Tax advantaged investments

11.8

1.8

(100.9

)

 Other,
 net

0.2

0.3

(41.2

)

 Effective income tax rate (2)

86.3

%

38.8

%

(394.1

)%

 (1)

For 2009, relates to the conclusion of the audit of various issues
 in the Company’s 2003 – 2005 U.S. federal tax audit and a tax benefit
 relating to the release of tax reserves on interchange fees.

 (2)

The Company recorded an income tax benefit for 2007. The effective
 tax rate (benefit) of (394)% primarily resulted from pretax losses in the
 Company's ICG and N.A. Regional Consumer Banking businesses (the U.S. is a
 higher tax rate jurisdiction). In addition, the tax benefits of permanent
 differences, including the tax benefit for not providing U.S. income taxes
 on the earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that are indefinitely
 invested, favorably impacted the Company's effective tax
 rate.

166

 Deferred income taxes at
December 31 related to the following: 

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Deferred tax
assets

 Credit loss deduction

$

14,987

$

11,242

 Deferred compensation and employee
 benefits

3,626

4,367

 Restructuring and settlement reserves

794

1,134

 Unremitted foreign
 earnings

7,140

4,371

 Investments

—

5,312

 Cash flow hedges

1,906

3,071

 Tax credit and net operating loss carryforwards

20,787

18,424

 Intangibles

1,598

—

 Other deferred
 tax assets

1,753

4,158

 Gross deferred tax assets

$

52,591

$

52,079

 Valuation
 allowance

—

—

 Deferred tax assets after valuation
 allowance

$

52,591

$

52,079

 Deferred tax
 liabilities

 Investments

$

(1,863

)

$

—

 Deferred policy acquisition costs

       and value of insurance in
 force

(791

)

(805

)

 Fixed assets and leases

(677

)

(2,209

)

 Interest related items

(683

)

(543

)

 Intangibles

—

(2,365

)

 Credit valuation adjustment on Company-issued debt

(264

)

(1,473

)

 Other
 deferred tax liabilities

(2,261

)

(215

)

 Gross deferred
 tax liabilities

$

(6,539

)

$

(7,610

)

 Net deferred tax
 asset

$

46,052

$

44,469

The following is
a roll-forward of the Company’s unrecognized tax benefits.

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Total unrecognized tax benefits at
 January 1,

$

3,468

$

3,698

$

3,144

       Net amount of increases
 for current year’s tax positions

195

254

1,100

       Gross amount of increases
 for prior years’ tax positions

392

252

120

       Gross amount of decreases
 for prior years’ tax positions

(870

)

(581

)

(341

)

       Amounts of decreases
 relating to settlements

(104

)

(21

)

(349

)

       Reductions due to lapse
 of statutes of limitation

(12

)

(30

)

(50

)

 Foreign exchange, acquisitions
 and dispositions

10

(104

)

74

 Total unrecognized tax benefits at
 December 31,

$

3,079

$

3,468

$

3,698

      Total amount of unrecognized tax benefits at December 31, 2009, 2008 and
2007 that, if recognized, would affect the effective tax rate are $2.2 billion,
$2.4 billion and $1.9 billion, respectively. The remainder of 
the
uncertain tax positions have offsetting amounts in other jurisdictions or are
temporary differences.

Interest and penalties (not included in the
“unrecognized tax benefits” above) are a component of the 
Provision for income taxes

.

2009

2008

2007

 In millions of
 dollars

Pretax

Net of tax

Pretax

    Net of
 tax

 Pretax

    Net of
 tax

 Total interest and penalties
 in the balance sheet at January 1,

$

663

$

420

$

618

$

389

$

532

$

335

 Total interest and penalties in the
 statement
 of operations

(250

)

(154

)

114

81

93

58

 Total
 interest and penalties in the balance sheet at December 31, (1)

370

239

663

420

618

389

 (1)

Includes $9
 million for foreign penalties.

167

      The Company is currently under audit by the Internal Revenue Service and
other major taxing jurisdictions around the world. It is thus reasonably
possible that significant changes in the gross balance of unrecognized tax
benefits may occur within the next 12 months but the Company does not expect
such audits to result in amounts that would cause a significant change to its
effective tax rate, other than the following item. The Company expects to
conclude the IRS audit of its U.S. Federal consolidated income tax returns for
the years 2003-2005 within the next 12 months. The gross uncertain tax positions
at December 31, 2009 for the items expected to be resolved is approximately $66
million plus gross interest of $10 million. The potential tax benefit to
continuing operations could be approximately $72
million.

The following are the major tax jurisdictions
in which the Company and its affiliates operate and the earliest tax year
subject to examination:

 Jurisdiction

Tax year

 United States

2003

 Mexico

2008

 New York State and City

2005

 United Kingdom

2007

 Japan

2006

 Brazil

2005

 Singapore

2003

 Hong Kong

2004

 Ireland

2005

     Foreign pretax earnings approximated $6.8 billion in 2009, $10.3 billion
in 2008, and $9.1 billion in 2007 ($0.6 billion loss, $4.4 billion profit, and
$0.8 billion profit of which, respectively, are in discontinued operations). As
a U.S. corporation, Citigroup and its U.S. subsidiaries are subject to U.S.
taxation currently on all foreign pretax earnings earned by a foreign branch.
Pretax earnings of a foreign subsidiary or affiliate are subject to U.S.
taxation when effectively repatriated. The Company provides income taxes on the
undistributed earnings of non-U.S. subsidiaries except to the extent that such
earnings are indefinitely invested outside the United States. At December 31,
2009, $27.3 billion of accumulated undistributed earnings of non-U.S.
subsidiaries were indefinitely invested. At the existing U.S. federal income tax
rate, additional taxes (net of U.S. foreign tax credits) of $7.4 billion would
have to be provided if such earnings were remitted currently. The current year’s
effect on the income tax expense from continuing operations is included in the
“Foreign income tax rate differential” line in the reconciliation of the federal
statutory rate to the Company’s effective income tax
rate.

Income taxes are not provided for on the Company’s savings bank base year
bad debt reserves that arose before 1988 because under current U.S. tax rules
such taxes will become payable only to the extent such amounts are distributed
in excess of limits prescribed by federal law. At December 31, 2009, the amount
of the base year reserves totaled approximately $358 million (subject to a tax
of $125 million). 

      The Company has no valuation allowance on deferred tax assets at December
31, 2009 and December 31, 2008. 

 In billions of
 dollars

DTA Balance

DTA Balance

 Jurisdiction/Component

December 31, 2009

December 31,
 2008

 U.S. Federal

 Net Operating Loss (NOL)

  $

5.8

$

4.6

 Foreign Tax Credit (FTC)

12.0

10.5

 General Business Credit (GBC)

1.2

0.6

 Future Tax Deductions and
 Credits

17.5

19.9

 Other

0.5

0.9

 Total U.S. Federal

$

36.3

$

36.5

 State and Local

 New York NOLs

$

0.9

$

1.2

 Other State NOLs

0.4

0.4

 Future Tax
 Deductions

3.0

2.7

 Total State and
 Local

$

4.3

$

4.3

 Foreign

 APB 23 Subsidiary NOLs

0.7

0.2

 Non-APB 23 Subsidiary
NOLs

0.4

0.9

 Future Tax
 Deductions

4.4

2.6

 Total Foreign

$

5.5

$

3.7

 Total

$

46.1

$

44.5

     The following table summarizes the amounts of tax carryforwards and their
expiry dates as of December 31, 2009:

 In billions of
 dollars

 Year of Expiration

Amount

 U.S. foreign tax credit
 carryforwards

 2016

$

0.4

 2017

5.1

 2018

5.3

 2019

1.2

 Total U.S. foreign tax credit carryforwards

$

12.0

 U.S. Federal net operating loss
 (NOL) carryforwards

 2028

$

9.2

 2029

5.4

 Total U.S. Federal NOL
 carryforwards (1)

$

14.6

 New York State NOL
 carryforwards

 2028

$

10.7

 2029

1.2

 Total New York State NOL
 carryforwards (1)

$

11.9

 New York City NOL
 carryforwards

 2028

$

3.7

 2029

1.2

 Total New York City NOL
 carryforwards (1)

$

4.9

 (1)       Pretax.

168

      With respect to the New York NOLs, the Company has recorded a net
deferred tax asset of $0.9 billion, along with less significant net operating
losses in various other states for which the Company has recorded a deferred tax
asset of $0.4 billion and which expire between 2012 and 2029. In addition, the
Company has recorded deferred tax assets in foreign subsidiaries, for which an
assertion has been made that the earnings have been indefinitely reinvested, for
net operating loss carryforwards of $607 million (which expire 2012 - 2019) and
$69 million (with no expiration).

Although realization is not assured, the
Company believes that the realization of the recognized net deferred tax asset
of $46.1 billion is more likely than not based on expectations as to future
taxable income in the jurisdictions in which the DTAs arise and available tax
planning strategies, as defined in ASC 740, 
Income Taxes

,
(formerly SFAS 109) that could be implemented if necessary to prevent a
carryforward from expiring. Included in the net U.S. Federal DTA of $36.3
billion are $5 billion in DTLs that will reverse in the relevant carryforward
period and may be used to support the DTA , and $0.5 billion in compensation
deductions, which reduced additional paid-in capital in January, 2010 and for
which no adjustment was permitted to such DTA at December 31, 2009 because the
related stock compensation was not yet deductible to the Company. In general,
the Company would need to generate approximately $86 billion of taxable income
during the respective carryforward periods to fully realize its U.S. Federal,
state and local DTAs.

As a result of the recent losses incurred, the
Company is in a three-year cumulative pretax loss position at December 31, 2009.
A cumulative loss position is considered significant negative evidence in
assessing the realizability of a DTA. The Company has concluded that there is
sufficient positive evidence to overcome this negative evidence. The positive
evidence includes two means by which the Company is able to fully realize its
DTA. First, the Company forecasts sufficient taxable income in the carryforward
period, exclusive of tax planning strategies, even under stressed scenarios.
Secondly, the Company has sufficient tax planning strategies, including
potential sales of businesses and assets, in which it could realize the excess

 of appreciated value
over the tax basis of its assets, in an amount sufficient to fully realize its
DTA. The amount of the DTA considered realizable, however, could be
significantly reduced in the near term if estimates of future taxable income
during the carryforward period are significantly lower than forecasted due to
deterioration in market
conditions.

Based upon the foregoing discussion, as well
as tax planning opportunities and other factors discussed below, the U.S.
Federal and New York State and City net operating loss carryforward period of 20
years provides enough time to utilize the DTAs pertaining to the existing net
operating loss carryforwards and any NOL that would be created by the reversal
of the future net deductions which have not yet been taken on a tax
return. 

The U.S. foreign tax credit carryforward
period is 10 years. In addition, utilization of foreign tax credits in any year
is restricted to 35% of foreign source taxable income in that year. Further,
overall domestic losses that the Company has incurred of approximately $45
billion are allowed to be reclassified as foreign source income to the extent of
50% of domestic source income produced in subsequent years and such resulting
foreign source income is in fact sufficient to cover the foreign tax credits
being carried forward. As such, the foreign source taxable income limitation
will not be an impediment to the foreign tax credit carryforward usage as long
as the Company can generate sufficient domestic taxable income within the
10-year carryforward period. 

Regarding the estimate of future taxable
income, the Company has projected its pretax earnings, predominantly based upon
the “core” businesses that the Company intends to conduct going forward. These
“core” businesses have produced steady and strong earnings in the past. During
2008 and 2009, the “core” businesses were negatively affected by the large
increase in consumer credit losses during this sharp economic downturn cycle.
The Company has already taken steps to reduce its cost structure. Taking these
items into account, the Company is projecting that it will generate sufficient
pretax earnings within the 10-year carryforward period alluded to above to be
able to fully utilize the foreign tax credit carryforward, in addition to any
foreign tax credits produced in such period. 

169

      The Company has also examined tax planning strategies available to it
which would be employed, if necessary, to prevent a carryforward from expiring.
These strategies include repatriating low taxed foreign earnings for which an
assertion that the earnings have been indefinitely reinvested has not been made,
accelerating taxable income into or deferring deductions out of the latter years
of the carryforward period with reversals to occur after the carryforward period
(for example, selling appreciated intangible assets and electing straight-line
depreciation), holding onto available-for-sale debt securities with losses until
they mature and selling certain assets which produce tax exempt income, while
purchasing assets which produce fully taxable income. In addition, the sale or
restructuring of certain businesses, can produce significant taxable income
within the relevant carryforward
periods. 

The Company’s ability to utilize its deferred
tax assets to offset future taxable income may be significantly limited if the
Company experiences an “ownership change,” as defined in Section 382 of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”). In general, an ownership
change will occur if there is a cumulative change in Citi’s ownership by “5%
shareholders” (as defined in the Code) that exceeds 50 percentage points over a
rolling three-year period. The common stock issued pursuant to the exchange
offers in July, 2009 and the common stock and tangible equity units issued in
December, 2009 as part of Citigroup’s TARP repayment did not result in an
ownership change under the Code. However, these common stock issuances have
materially increased the risk that Citigroup will experience an ownership change
in the future. On June 9, 2009, the board of directors of Citigroup adopted a
tax benefits preservation plan (the “Plan”). This Plan is subject to the
shareholders’ approval at the 2010 Annual Meeting. The purpose of the Plan is to
minimize the likelihood of an ownership change occurring for Section 382
purposes. Despite adoption of the Plan, future transactions in our stock that
may not be in our control may cause Citi to experience an ownership change and
thus limit the Company’s ability to utilize its deferred tax asset and reduce
its stockholders’ equity.

170

12. EARNINGS PER
SHARE

The following is
a reconciliation of the income and share data used in the basic and diluted
earnings-per-share computations for the years ended December 31:

 In millions, except per-share
 amounts

2009

2008

 (1)

2007

 (1)

 Income (loss) before attribution of
 noncontrolling interests

$

(1,066

)

$

(32,029

)

$

3,192

 Noncontrolling
 interests

95

(343

)

283

 Net income (loss) from continuing
 operations (for EPS purposes)

$

(1,161

)

$

(31,686

)

$

2,909

 Income (loss)
 from discontinued operations, net of taxes

(445

)

4,002

708

 Citigroup’s net income
 (loss)

$

(1,606

)

$

(27,684

)

$

3,617

 Impact of the public and private preferred stock exchange
 offers

(3,242

)

—

—

 Preferred dividends

(2,988

)

(1,695

)

(36

)

 Impact of the conversion price reset related to the $12.5 billion
 convertible preferred stock private issuance

(1,285

)

—

—

 Preferred
 stock Series H discount accretion

(123

)

(37

)

—

 Net income (loss) available to
 common shareholders

$

(9,244

)

$

(29,416

)

$

3,581

 Dividends
 allocated to participating securities, net of forfeitures

(2

)

(221

)

(261

)

 Net income (loss) allocated to
 common shareholders for basic EPS (2)

$

(9,246

)

$

(29,637

)

$

3,320

 Effect of
 dilutive securities

540

877

—

 Net income (loss) allocated to
 common shareholders for diluted EPS (2)

$

(8,706

)

$

(28,760

)

$

3,320

 Weighted-average common shares
 outstanding applicable to basic EPS

11,568.3

5,265.4

4,905.8

 Effect of dilutive securities

        Convertible
 securities

312.2

503.2

—

        Options

0.2

0.3

18.2

        TDECs

218.3

—

—

 Adjusted weighted-average common
 shares outstanding applicable to diluted EPS (3)

12,099.0

5,768.9

4,924.0

 Basic earnings per share (3)

 Income (loss) from continuing operations

$

(0.76

)

$

(6.39

)

$

0.53

 Discontinued
 operations

(0.04

)

0.76

0.15

 Net income (loss)

$

(0.80

)

$

(5.63

)

$

0.68

 Diluted earnings per share (3)

 Income (loss) from continuing operations

$

(0.76

)

$

(6.39

)

$

0.53

 Discontinued
 operations

(0.04

)

0.76

0.14

 Net income (loss)

$

(0.80

)

$

(5.63

)

$

0.67

 (1)

The Company adopted ASC 260-10-45 to 65 (FSP EITF 03-6-1) on
 January 1, 2009. All prior periods have been restated to conform to the
 current period’s presentation.

 (2)

Due to the net loss available to common shareholders in 2009 and
 2008, loss available to common stockholders for basic EPS was used to
 calculate diluted EPS. Adding back the effect of dilutive securities would
 result in anti-dilution.

 (3)

Due to the net loss available to common shareholders in 2009 and
 2008, basic shares were used to calculate diluted EPS. Adding dilutive
 securities to the denominator would result in
 anti-dilution.

      During 2009, 2008 and 2007, weighted-average options to purchase 157.9
million, 156.1 million and 76.3 million shares of common stock, respectively,
were outstanding but not included in the computation of earnings per common
share, because the weighted-average exercise prices of $28.12, $41.19 and
$50.40, respectively, were greater than the average market price of the
Company’s common stock. Additionally, warrants to purchase 210,084,034 shares of
common stock issued to the U.S. Treasury as part of TARP on November 28, 2008,
the warrants to purchase 188,501,414 shares of common stock issued to the U.S.
Treasury as part of TARP on December 31, 2008, and the warrants to purchase
66,531,728 shares of common stock 

 issued to the U.S.
Treasury as consideration for the loss-sharing agreement on January 15, 2009
were not included in the computation of earnings per common share, because the
warrants’ exercise prices were greater than the average market price of the
Company’s common stock. In addition, equity awards granted under the Management
Committee Long-Term Incentive Plan (MC LTIP) of approximately 3 million, 8
million and 16 million in 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively, were not included
in the computation of earnings per common share because the performance targets
under the terms of the awards were not met.

171

 13. FEDERAL FUNDS/SECURITIES
BORROWED,LOANED, AND SUBJECT TO REPURCHASE

AGREEMENTS

Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under agreements
to resell, at their respective fair values, consisted of the following:

 In millions of dollars at December
 31,

2009

2008

 Federal funds sold

$

4

$

—

 Securities purchased under agreements to resell

105,165

78,701

 Deposits paid
 for securities borrowed

116,853

105,432

 Total

$

222,022

$

184,133

     Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under agreements to
repurchase, at their respective fair values, consisted of the following:

 In millions of dollars at December
 31,

2009

2008

 Federal funds purchased

$

2,877

$

5,755

 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase

125,561

177,585

 Deposits
 received for securities loaned

25,843

21,953

 Total

$

154,281

$

205,293

The resale and
repurchase agreements represent collateralized financing transactions used to
generate net interest income and facilitate trading activity. These instruments
are collateralized principally by government and government-agency securities
and generally have terms ranging from overnight to up to a
year.

It is the Company’s policy to take possession of the underlying
collateral, monitor its market value relative to the amounts due under the
agreements and, when necessary, require prompt transfer of additional collateral
or reduction in the balance in order to maintain contractual margin protection.
In the event of counterparty default, the financing agreement provides the
Company with the right to liquidate the collateral
held.

The majority of the resale and repurchase agreements are recorded at fair
value. The remaining portion is carried at the amount of cash initially advanced
or received, plus accrued interest, as specified in the respective agreements.
Resale agreements and repurchase agreements are reported net by counterparty,
when applicable. Excluding the impact of the allowable netting, resale
agreements totaled $166.0 billion and $114.0 billion at December 31, 2009 and
2008, respectively. 

      A majority of the deposits paid for securities borrowed and deposits
received for securities loaned are recorded at the amount of cash advanced or
received and are collateralized principally by government and government-agency
securities and corporate debt and equity securities. The remaining portion is
recorded at fair value as the Company elected fair value options for certain
securities borrowed and loaned portfolios. With respect to securities loaned,
the Company receives cash collateral in an amount generally in excess of the
market value of securities loaned. The Company monitors the market value of
securities borrowed and securities loaned daily, and additional collateral is
obtained as necessary. Securities borrowed and securities loaned are reported
net by counterparty, when applicable. 

172

 14. BROKERAGE RECEIVABLES AND BROKERAGE
PAYABLES

The Company
has receivables and payables for financial instruments purchased from and sold
to brokers, dealers and customers. The Company is exposed to risk of loss from
the inability of brokers, dealers or customers to pay for purchases or to
deliver the financial instruments sold, in which case the Company would have to
sell or purchase the financial instruments at prevailing market prices. Credit
risk is reduced to the extent that an exchange or clearing organization acts as
a counterparty to the transaction.

The Company seeks to protect itself from the
risks associated with customer activities by requiring customers to maintain
margin collateral in compliance with regulatory and internal guidelines. Margin
levels are monitored daily, and customers deposit additional collateral as
required. Where customers cannot meet collateral requirements, the Company will
liquidate sufficient underlying financial instruments to bring the customer into
compliance with the required margin
level.

Exposure to credit risk is impacted by market volatility, which may
impair the ability of clients to satisfy their obligations to the Company.
Credit limits are established and closely monitored for customers and brokers
and dealers engaged in forwards, futures and other transactions deemed to be
credit sensitive.

Brokerage receivables and brokerage payables,
which arise in the normal course of business, consisted of the following at
December 31: 

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Receivables from
customers

$

24,721

$

26,297

 Receivables
 from brokers, dealers, and clearing

       organizations

8,913

17,981

 Total brokerage
 receivables

$

33,634

$

44,278

 Payables to customers

$

41,262

$

54,167

 Payables to brokers,
 dealers, and clearing

organizations

19,584

16,749

 Total brokerage
 payables

$

60,846

$

70,916

 15. TRADING ACCOUNT ASSETS AND
LIABILITIES

Trading account assets

 and 
Trading account liabilities

, at fair value, consisted of the following at
December 31:

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Trading account
 assets

 Mortgage-backed securities

        U.S. government sponsored
 agency guaranteed

$

20,638

$

32,981

        Prime

1,156

1,416

        Alt-A

1,229

913

        Subprime

9,734

14,552

        Non-U.S. residential

2,368

2,447

        Commercial

3,455

2,501

 Total
 mortgage-backed securities

$

38,580

$

54,810

 U.S. Treasury and federal agencies

        U.S. Treasuries

$

28,938

$

7,370

        Agency and direct
 obligations

2,041

4,017

 Total U.S.
 Treasury and federal agencies

$

30,979

$

11,387

 State and municipal securities

$

7,147

$

9,510

 Foreign government
 securities

72,769

57,422

 Corporate

51,985

54,654

 Derivatives (1)

58,879

115,289

 Equity securities

46,221

48,503

 Other debt
 securities

36,213

26,060

 Total trading account
 assets

$

342,773

$

377,635

 Trading account
 liabilities

 Securities sold, not yet purchased

$

73,406

$

50,693

 Derivatives
 (1)

64,106

115,107

 Total trading account
 liabilities

$

137,512

$

165,800

 (1)

Presented net, pursuant to master netting agreements. See Note 24
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion regarding the
 accounting and reporting for
derivatives.

173

16. INVESTMENTS 

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Securities
 available-for-sale

$

239,599

$

175,189

 Debt securities held-to-maturity (1)

51,527

64,459

 Non-marketable equity securities
 carried at fair value (2)

6,830

9,262

 Non-marketable
 equity securities carried at cost (3)

8,163

7,110

 Total investments

$

306,119

$

256,020

 (1)

Recorded at amortized cost.

 (2)

Unrealized gains and losses for non-marketable equity securities
 carried at fair value are recognized in earnings.

 (3)

Non-marketable equity securities carried at cost primarily consist
 of shares issued by the Federal Reserve Bank, Federal Home Loan Bank,
 foreign central banks and various clearing houses of which Citigroup is a
 member.

Securities
Available-for-Sale

The
amortized cost and fair value of securities available-for-sale at December 31,
2009 and December 31, 2008 were as follows: 

2009

2008

 (1)

Gross

Gross

Gross

Gross

Amortized

unrealized

unrealized

Amortized

unrealized

unrealized

 In millions of
 dollars

cost

gains

losses

Fair value

cost

gains

losses

Fair
value

 Debt securities
 available-for-sale

 Mortgage-backed securities

        U.S. government-agency
 guaranteed

$

20,625

$

339

$

50

$

20,914

$

23,527

$

261

$

67

$

23,721

        Prime

7,291

119

932

6,478

8,475

3

2,965

5,513

        Alt-A

538

93

4

627

54

—

9

45

        Subprime

1

—

—

1

38

—

21

17

        Non-U.S. residential

258

—

3

255

185

2

—

187

        Commercial

883

10

100

793

519

—

134

385

 Total mortgage-backed
 securities

$

29,596

$

561

$

1,089

$

29,068

$

32,798

$

266

$

3,196

$

29,868

 U.S. Treasury and federal agency securities

        U.S. Treasury

26,857

36

331

26,562

3,465

125

—

3,590

        Agency obligations

27,714

46

208

27,552

20,237

215

77

20,375

 Total U.S. Treasury and federal
 agency

        securities

$

54,571

$

82

$

539

$

54,114

$

23,702

$

340

$

77

$

23,965

 State and municipal

16,677

147

1,214

15,610

18,156

38

4,370

13,824

 Foreign government

101,987

860

328

102,519

79,505

945

408

80,042

 Corporate

20,024

435

146

20,313

10,646

65

680

10,031

 Other debt
 securities

12,268

71

170

12,169

11,784

36

224

11,596

 Total debt
 securities available-for-sale

$

235,123

$

2,156

$

3,486

$

233,793

$

176,591

$

1,690

$

8,955

$

169,326

 Marketable
 equity securities available-for-sale

$

4,089

$

1,929

$

212

$

5,806

$

5,768

$

554

$

459

$

5,863

 Total securities
 available-for-sale

$

239,212

$

4,085

$

3,698

$

239,599

$

182,359

$

2,244

$

9,414

$

175,189

 (1)

Reclassified to conform to the current period’s
 presentation.

      At December 31, 2009, the cost of approximately 5,000 investments in
equity and fixed-income securities exceeded their fair value by $3.698 billion.
Of the $3.698 billion, the gross unrealized loss on equity securities was $212
million. Of the remainder, $1.756 billion represents fixed-income investments
that have been in a gross-unrealized-loss position for less than a year and, of
these, 44% are rated investment grade; $1.730 billion represents fixed-income
investments that have been in a gross-unrealized-loss position for a year or
more and, of these, 96% are rated investment grade. 

     Available-for-sale mortgage-backed securities-portfolio fair value
balance of $29.068 billion consists of $20.914 billion of government-sponsored
agency securities, and $8.154 billion of privately sponsored securities of which
the majority is backed by mortgages that are not Alt-A or subprime.

      The decrease in gross unrealized losses on mortgage-backed securities was
primarily related to a tightening of market spreads, reflecting a decrease in
risk/liquidity premiums. The decrease in gross unrealized losses on state and
municipal debt securities was the result of recovery in the municipal markets,
as liquidity increased and municipal bond yields decreased.

     As discussed in more detail below, the Company conducts and documents
periodic reviews of all securities with unrealized losses to evaluate whether
the impairment is other than temporary. Any credit-related impairment related to
debt securities the Company does not plan to sell and is not likely to be
required to sell is recognized in the Consolidated Statement of

174

 Income, with the
non-credit-related impairment recognized in OCI. For other impaired debt
securities, the entire impairment is recognized in the Consolidated Statement of
Income.

     The table below shows the fair value of investments in available-for-sale
securities that have been in an unrealized loss position for less than 12 months
or for 12 months or longer as of December 31, 2009 and 2008:

Less than 12
months

12 months or
longer

Total

Gross

Gross

Gross

Fair

unrealized

Fair

unrealized

Fair

unrealized

 In millions of dollars

value

losses

value

losses

value

losses

 December 31, 2009

 Securities
 available-for-sale

 Mortgage-backed securities

        U.S. government-agency
 guaranteed

$

6,793

         $

47

$

263

          $

3

$

7,056

          $

50

        Prime

5,074

905

228

27

5,302

932

        Alt-A

106

—

35

4

141

4

        Subprime

—

—

—

—

—

—

        Non-U.S.
 residential

250

3

—

—

250

3

        Commercial

93

2

259

98

352

100

 Total mortgage-backed securities

$

12,316

$

957

$

785

$

132

$

13,101

$

1,089

 U.S. Treasury and federal agency securities

        U.S. Treasury

4,653

224

19,033

107

23,686

331

        Agency
 obligations

17,957

208

7

—

17,964

208

 Total U.S. Treasury and federal agency securities

$

22,610

$

432

$

19,040

$

107

$

41,650

$

539

 State and municipal

754

97

10,630

1,117

11,384

1,214

 Foreign government

39,241

217

10,398

111

49,639

328

 Corporate

1,165

47

907

99

2,072

146

 Other debt securities

655

6

1,633

164

2,288

170

 Marketable equity securities available-for-sale

102

4

2,526

208

2,628

212

 Total securities
 available-for-sale

$

76,843

$

1,760

$

45,919

$

1,938

$

122,762

$

3,698

 December 31, 2008 (1)

 Securities
 available-for-sale

 Mortgage-backed securities

        U.S. government-agency
 guaranteed

$

5,281

$

9

$

432

$

58

$

5,713

$

67

        Prime

2,258

1,127

3,108

1,838

5,366

2,965

        Alt-A

38

8

5

1

43

9

        Subprime

—

—

15

21

15

21

        Non-U.S.
 residential

10

—

—

—

10

—

        Commercial

213

33

233

101

446

134

 Total mortgage-backed securities

$

7,800

$

1,177

$

3,793

$

2,019

$

11,593

$

3,196

 U.S. Treasury and federal agency securities

        U.S. Treasury

—

—

—

—

—

—

        Agency
 obligations

1,654

76

1

1

1,655

77

 Total U.S. Treasury and federal agency securities

$

1,654

$

76

$

1

$

1

$

1,655

$

77

 State and municipal

12,827

3,872

3,762

498

16,589

4,370

 Foreign government

10,697

201

9,080

207

19,777

408

 Corporate

1,985

270

4,393

410

6,378

680

 Other debt securities

944

96

303

128

1,247

224

 Marketable equity securities available-for-sale

3,254

386

102

73

3,356

459

 Total securities
 available-for-sale

$

39,161

$

6,078

$

21,434

$

3,336

$

60,595

$

9,414

 (1)       

Reclassified to conform to the current period’s
 presentation.

175

      The following table presents the amortized cost and fair value of debt
securities available-for-sale by contractual maturity dates as of December 31,
2009: 

Amortized

 In millions of
 dollars

cost

Fair value

 Mortgage-backed securities (1)

 Due within 1 year

$

2

$

3

 After 1 but within 5
years

16

16

 After 5 but within 10 years

626

597

 After 10
 years (2)

28,952

28,452

 Total

$

29,596

$

29,068

 U.S. Treasury and federal
 agencies

 Due within 1 year

$

5,357

$

5,366

 After 1 but within 5
years

35,912

35,618

 After 5 but within 10 years

8,815

8,773

 After 10
 years (2)

4,487

4,357

 Total

$

54,571

$

54,114

 State and
municipal

 Due within 1 year

$

7

$

8

 After 1 but within 5
years

119

129

 After 5 but within 10 years

340

359

 After 10
 years (2)

16,211

15,114

 Total

$

16,677

$

15,610

 Foreign government

 Due within 1 year

$

32,223

$

32,365

 After 1 but within 5
years

61,165

61,426

 After 5 but within 10 years

7,844

7,845

 After 10
 years (2)

755

883

 Total

$

101,987

$

102,519

 All other (3)

 Due within 1 year

$

4,243

$

4,244

 After 1 but within 5
years

14,286

14,494

 After 5 but within 10 years

9,483

9,597

 After 10
 years (2)

4,280

4,147

 Total

$

32,292

$

32,482

 Total debt securities
 available-for-sale

$

235,123

$

233,793

 (1)       

Includes
 mortgage-backed securities of U.S. federal agencies.

 (2)       

Investments
 with no stated maturities are included as contractual maturities of
 greater than 10 years. Actual maturities may differ due to call or
 prepayment rights.

 (3)       

Includes
 corporate securities and other debt securities.

 The following table
presents interest and dividends on investments: 

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Taxable interest

$

11,970

$

9,407

$

12,169

 Interest exempt from U.S. federal income tax

864

836

897

 Dividends

285

475

357

 Total interest and
 dividends

$

13,119

$

10,718

$

13,423

     The
following table presents realized gains and losses on investments:

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Gross realized investment
 gains

$

2,090

$

837

$

1,435

 Gross realized
 investment losses

(94

)

(158

)

(267

)

 Net realized gains
 (losses)

$

1,996

$

679

$

1,168

Debt Securities
Held-to-Maturity

During
the fourth quarter of 2008, the Company reviewed portfolios of debt securities
classified in 
Trading account assets

 and available-for-sale securities, and
identified positions where there had been a change of intent to hold the debt
securities for much longer periods of time than originally anticipated. The
Company believed that the expected cash flows to be generated from holding the
assets significantly exceed their current fair value, which had been
significantly and adversely impacted by the reduced liquidity in the global
financial markets.

Transfers of securities out of the trading
category must be rare. Citigroup made a number of transfers out of the trading
and available-for-sale categories in order to better reflect the revised
intentions of the Company in response to the recent significant deterioration in
market conditions, which were especially acute during the fourth quarter of
2008. These rare market conditions were not foreseen at the initial purchase
date of the securities. Most of the debt securities previously classified as
trading were bought and held principally for the purpose of selling them in the
short term, many in the context of Citigroup’s acting as a market maker. At the
date of acquisition, most of these positions were liquid, and the Company
expected active and frequent buying and selling with the objective of generating
profits on short-term differences in price. However, subsequent declines in
value of these securities were primarily related to the ongoing widening of
market credit spreads reflecting increased risk and liquidity premiums that
buyers were demanding. As market liquidity decreased, the primary buyers for
these securities typically demanded returns on investments that were
significantly higher than previously
experienced. 

Reclassification of debt securities were made
at fair value on the date of transfer. The December 31, 2008 carrying value of
the securities transferred from 
Trading account assets

 and available-for-sale securities was $33.3 billion and $27.0 billion,
respectively. The Company purchased an additional $4.2 billion of
held-to-maturity securities during the fourth quarter of 2008, in accordance
with prior commitments. 

176

Debt
Securities Held-to-Maturity

The carrying value and fair value of
securities held-to-maturity (HTM) at December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008
were as follows:

Net unrealized

loss

Gross

Gross

Amortized

recognized

Carrying

unrecognized

unrecognized

Fair

 In millions of
 dollars

cost

 (1)

in AOCI

value

 (2)

gains

losses

value

 December 31, 2009

 Debt securities
 held-to-maturity

 Mortgage-backed
securities

        U.S. government-agency
 guaranteed

$

—

$

 —

$

 —

$

—

$

—

$

 —

        Prime

6,118

1,151

4,967

317

5

5,279

        Alt-A

14,710

4,276

10,434

905

243

11,096

        Subprime

1,087

128

959

77

100

936

        Non-U.S.
 residential

9,002

1,119

7,883

469

134

8,218

        Commercial

1,303

45

1,258

1

208

1,051

        Total mortgage-backed
 securities

$

32,220

$

6,719

$

25,501

$

1,769

$

690

$

26,580

 U.S. Treasury and federal agency
 securities

        U.S. Treasury

—

—

—

—

—

—

        Agency and direct
 obligations

—

—

—

—

—

—

        Total U.S. Treasury and
 federal agency securities

$

 —

$

 —

$

 —

$

—

$

—

$

—

 State and municipal

3,067

147

2,920

92

113

2,899

 Corporate

7,457

264

7,193

524

182

7,535

 Asset-backed securities

16,348

435

15,913

567

496

15,984

 Other debt
 securities

—

—

—

—

—

—

 Total debt securities
 held-to-maturity

$

59,092

$

7,565

$

51,527

$

2,952

$

1,481

$

52,998

 December 31, 2008

 Debt securities
 held-to-maturity

 Mortgage-backed securities

        U.S. government-agency
 guaranteed

$

 —

$

 —

$

 —

$

—

$

—

$

 —

        Prime

7,481

1,436

6,045

—

623

5,422

        Alt-A

16,658

4,216

12,442

23

1,802

10,663

        Subprime

1,368

125

1,243

15

163

1,095

        Non-U.S.
 residential

10,496

1,128

9,368

5

397

8,976

        Commercial

1,021

—

1,021

—

130

891

        Total mortgage-backed
 securities

$

37,024

$

6,905

$

30,119

$

43

$

3,115

$

27,047

 U.S. Treasury and federal agency securities

        U.S. Treasury

1

—

1

—

—

1

        Agency and direct
 obligations

—

—

—

—

—

—

        Total U.S. Treasury and
 federal agency securities

$

1

$

 —

$

1

$

—

$

—

$

1

 State and municipal

3,371

183

3,188

14

253

2,949

 Corporate

6,906

175

6,731

130

305

6,556

 Asset-backed securities

22,698

415

22,283

86

555

21,814

 Other debt
 securities

2,478

341

2,137

—

127

2,010

 Total debt securities
 held-to-maturity

$

72,478

$

8,019

$

64,459

$

273

$

4,355

$

60,377

 (1)       

For
 securities transferred to HTM from 
Trading account
 assets

,
 amortized cost is defined as the fair value amount of the securities at
 the date of transfer plus any accretion income and less any impairments
 recognized in earnings subsequent to transfer. For securities transferred
 to HTM from AFS, amortized cost is defined as the original purchase cost,
 plus or minus any accretion or amortization of interest, less any
 impairment previously recognized in earnings.

 (2)       

HTM
 securities are carried on the Consolidated Balance Sheet at amortized cost
 and the changes in the value of these securities, other than impairment
 charges, are not reported on the financial statements.

      The net unrealized losses classified
in 

Accumulated other comprehensive
income

 (AOCI) relate to
debt securities reclassified from AFS investments to HTM investments, and to
additional declines in fair value for HTM securities that suffer credit
impairment. The balance was $7.6 billion as of December 31, 2009, compared to
$8.0 billion as of December 31, 2008. This balance is amortized over the
remaining life of the related securities as an adjustment 

 of yield in a manner
consistent with the accretion of discount on the same transferred debt
securities. This will have no impact on the Company’s net income because the
amortization of the unrealized holding loss reported in equity will offset the
effect on interest income of the accretion of the discount on these
securities.

177

The table below shows
the fair value of investments in HTM that have been in an unrecognized loss
position for less than 12 months or for 12 months or longer as of December 31,
2009 and December 31, 2008:

Less than 12
months

12 months or
longer

Total

Gross

Gross

Gross

Fair

unrecognized

Fair

unrecognized

Fair

unrecognized

 In millions of
 dollars

value

losses

value

losses

value

losses

 December 31, 2009

 Debt securities
 held-to-maturity

 Mortgage-backed
securities

$ 

—

        $

—

$

16,923

        $

690

$

16,923

        $

690

 State and municipal

755

79

713

34

1,468

113

 Corporate

—

—

1,519

182

1,519

182

 Asset-backed securities

348

18

5,460

478

5,808

496

 Other debt
 securities

—

—

—

—

—

—

 Total debt securities
 held-to-maturity

$

1,103

$

97

$

24,615

$

1,384

$

25,718

$

1,481

 December 31, 2008

 Debt securities
 held-to-maturity

 Mortgage-backed
securities

$

2,348

$

631

$

24,236

$

2,484

$

26,584

$

3,115

 State and municipal

2,499

253

—

—

2,499

253

 Corporate

23

—

4,107

305

4,130

305

 Asset-backed securities

9,051

381

4,164

174

13,215

555

 Other debt
 securities

439

—

5,246

127

5,685

127

 Total debt securities
 held-to-maturity

$

14,360

$

1,265

$

37,753

$

3,090

$

52,113

$

4,355

      Excluded from the gross unrecognized losses presented in the above table
are the $7.6 billion and $8.0 billion of gross unrealized losses recorded in
AOCI related to the HTM securities that were reclassified from AFS investments
as of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, respectively. 

 Approximately $6.8
billion and $5.2 billion of these unrealized losses relate to securities that
have been in a loss position for 12 months or longer at December 31, 2009 and
December 31, 2008, respectively.

The following table
presents the carrying value and fair value of HTM debt securities by contractual
maturity dates as of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008:

December 31, 2009

December 31,
 2008

 In millions of
 dollars

Carrying value

Fair value

Carrying value

Fair value

 Mortgage-backed
 securities

 Due within 1 year

$

1

$

1

$

88

$

65

 After 1 but within 5
years

466

385

363

282

 After 5 but within 10 years

697

605

513

413

 After 10
 years (1)

24,337

25,589

29,155

26,287

 Total

$

25,501

$

26,580

$

30,119

$

27,047

 State and
municipal

 Due within 1 year

$

6

$

6

$

86

$

86

 After 1 but within 5
years

53

79

105

105

 After 5 but within 10 years

99

99

112

106

 After 10
 years (1)

2,762

2,715

2,885

2,652

 Total

$

2,920

$

2,899

$

3,188

$

2,949

 All other (2)

 Due within 1 year

$

4,652

$

4,875

$

4,482

$

4,505

 After 1 but within 5
years

3,795

3,858

10,892

10,692

 After 5 but within 10 years

6,240

6,526

6,358

6,241

 After 10
 years (1)

8,419

8,260

9,420

8,943

 Total

$

23,106

$

23,519

$

31,152

$

30,381

 Total debt securities
 held-to-maturity

$

51,527

$

52,998

$

64,459

$

60,377

 (1)       

Investments
 with no stated maturities are included as contractual maturities of
 greater than 10 years. Actual maturities may differ due to call or
 prepayment rights.

 (2)       

Includes
 asset-backed securities and all other debt securities.

178

 Evaluating
Investments for Other-Than-Temporary Impairments

The Company conducts and documents periodic
reviews of all securities with unrealized losses to evaluate whether the
impairment is other than temporary. Prior to January 1, 2009, these reviews were
conducted pursuant to FASB Staff Position No. FAS 115-1,
 The Meaning of Other-Than-Temporary Impairment and its Application to
Certain Investments

 (now
incorporated into ASC 320-10-35, 
Investments—Debt and Equity Securities—Subsequent
Measurement

). Any
unrealized loss identified as other than temporary was recorded directly in the
Consolidated Statement of Income. As of January 1, 2009, the Company adopted FSP
FAS 115-2 and FAS 124-2 (now incorporated into ASC 320-10-35-34, 
Investments—Debt and Equity Securities: Recognition of an
Other-Than-Temporary Impairment

). This guidance amends the impairment model for debt securities; the
impairment model for equity securities was not
affected.

Under the new guidance for debt securities,
other-than-temporary impairment is recognized in earnings for debt securities
which the Company has an intent to sell or which the Company believes it is
more-likely-than-not that it will be required to sell prior to recovery of the
amortized cost basis. For those securities which the Company does not intend to
sell or expect to be required to sell, credit-related impairment is recognized
in earnings, with the non-credit-related impairment recorded in
AOCI. 

An unrealized loss exists when the current
fair value of an individual security is less than its amortized cost basis.
Unrealized losses that are determined to be temporary in nature are recorded,
net of tax, in AOCI for AFS securities, while such losses related to HTM
securities are not recorded, as these investments are carried at their amortized
cost. For securities transferred to HTM from 
Trading account assets

, amortized cost is defined as the fair value of the securities at the
date of transfer, plus any accretion income and less any impairment recognized
in earnings subsequent to transfer. For securities transferred to HTM from AFS,
amortized cost is defined as the original purchase cost, plus or minus any
accretion or amortization of a purchase discount or premium, less any impairment
recognized in earnings subsequent to
transfer. 

Regardless of the classification of the
securities as AFS or HTM, the Company has assessed each position for
impairment. 

     Factors considered in determining
whether a loss is temporary include: 

 the length of time and the extent
 to which fair value has been below cost;

the severity of the
 impairment;

the cause of the impairment and
 the financial condition and near-term 
prospects of the issuer;

activity in the market of the
 issuer which may indicate adverse credit 
conditions; and

the Company’s ability and intent
 to hold the investment for a period of 
time sufficient to allow for any anticipated recovery.

      The Company’s review for impairment
generally entails: 

 identification and evaluation of
 investments that have indications of 
possible impairment;

analysis of individual investments
 that have fair values less than 
amortized cost, including consideration of the length of time
 the 
investment has been in an
 unrealized loss position and the expected 
recovery period;

discussion of evidential matter,
 including an evaluation of factors or 
triggers that could cause individual investments to qualify as
 having 
other-than-temporary
 impairment and those that would not support 
other-than-temporary impairment; and

documentation of the results of
 these analyses, as required under business 
policies. 

     For equity securities, management
considers the various factors described above, including its intent and ability
to hold the equity security for a period of time sufficient for recovery to
amortized cost. Where management lacks that intent or ability, the security’s
decline in fair value is deemed to be other than temporary and is recorded in
earnings. AFS equity securities deemed other-than-temporarily impaired are
written down to fair value, with the full difference between fair value and
amortized cost recognized in
earnings.

For debt securities that are not deemed to be
credit impaired, management assesses whether it intends to sell or whether it is
more-likely-than-not that it would be required to sell the investment before the
expected recovery of the amortized cost basis. In most cases, management has
asserted that it has no intent to sell and that it believes it is not likely to
be required to sell the investment before recovery of its amortized cost basis.
Where such an assertion has not been made, the security’s decline in fair value
is deemed to be other than temporary and is recorded in
earnings.

For debt securities, a critical component of
the evaluation for other-than-temporary impairments is the identification of
credit impaired securities, where management does not expect to receive cash
flows sufficient to recover the entire amortized cost basis of the security. For
securities purchased and classified as AFS with the expectation of receiving
full principal and interest cash flows, this analysis considers the likelihood
of receiving all contractual principal and interest. For securities reclassified
out of the trading category in the fourth quarter of 2008, the analysis
considers the likelihood of receiving the expected principal and interest cash
flows anticipated as of the date of reclassification in the fourth quarter of
2008. The extent of the Company’s analysis regarding credit quality and the
stress on assumptions used in the analysis have been refined for securities
where the current fair value or other characteristics of the security warrant.
The paragraphs below describe the Company’s process for identifying credit
impairment in security types with the most significant unrealized losses as of
December 31, 2009. 

179

 Mortgage-backed
securities

For U.S. mortgage-backed securities (and in particular for Alt-A and
other mortgage-backed securities that have significant unrealized losses as a
percentage of amortized cost), credit impairment is assessed using a cash flow
model that estimates the cash flows on the underlying mortgages, using the
security-specific collateral and transaction structure. The model estimates cash
flows from the underlying mortgage loans and distributes those cash flows to
various tranches of securities, considering the transaction structure and any
subordination and credit enhancements that exist in that structure. The cash
flow model incorporates actual cash flows on the mortgage-backed securities
through the current period and then projects the remaining cash flows using a
number of assumptions, including default rates, prepayment rates, and recovery
rates (on foreclosed properties).

Management develops specific assumptions using
as much market data as possible and includes internal estimates as well as
estimates published by rating agencies and other third-party sources. Default
rates are projected by considering current underlying mortgage loan performance,
generally assuming the default of (1) 10% of current loans, (2) 25% of 30–59 day
delinquent loans, (3) 75% of 60–90 day delinquent loans and (4) 100% of 91+ day
delinquent loans. These estimates are extrapolated along a default timing curve
to estimate the total lifetime pool default rate. Other assumptions used
contemplate the actual collateral attributes, including geographic
concentrations, rating agency loss projections, rating actions and current
market prices. 

The key base assumptions for mortgage-backed
securities as of December 31, 2009 are in the table below:

December 31,
 2009

 Prepayment rate

3–8 CRR

 Loss severity (1)

45%–75

%

 Unemployment rate

10

%

 Peak-to-trough
 housing price decline

32.3

%

 (1)       

Loss
 severity rates are estimated considering collateral characteristics and
 generally range from 45%–60% for prime bonds, 50%–70% for Alt-A bonds, and
 65%–75% for subprime bonds.

      In addition, cash flow projections
are developed using more stressful parameters, and management assesses the
results of those stress tests (including the severity of any cash shortfall
indicated and the likelihood of the stress scenarios actually occurring based on
the underlying pool’s characteristics and performance) to assess whether
management expects to recover the amortized cost basis of the security. If cash
flow projections indicate that the Company does not expect to recover its
amortized cost basis, the Company recognizes the estimated credit loss in
earnings.

State and municipal
securities

Citigroup’s AFS state and municipal bonds consist mainly of bonds that
are financed through Tender Option Bond programs. The process for identifying
credit impairment for bonds in this program as well as for bonds that were
previously financed in this program is largely based on third-party credit
ratings. Individual bond positions must meet minimum ratings requirements, which
vary based on the sector of the bond issuer. The average portfolio rating,
ignoring any insurance, is
Aa3/AA-.

Citigroup monitors the bond issuer and insurer
ratings on a daily basis. In the event of a downgrade of the bond below the
Aa3/AA-, the subject bond is specifically reviewed for potential shortfall in
contractual principal and interest. Citigroup has not recorded any credit
impairments on bonds held as part of the Tender Option Bond program or on bonds
that were previously held as part of the Tender Option Bond
program.

The remainder of Citigroup’s AFS state and
municipal bonds, outside of the above, are specifically reviewed for credit
impairment based on instrument-specific estimates of cash flows, probability of
default and loss given default.

Recognition
and Measurement of Other-Than-Temporary Impairment

The following table
presents the total other-than-temporary impairments recognized during the 12
months ended December 31, 2009:

 Other-Than-Temporary Impairments
 (OTTI) on Investments

Year ended December 31,
 2009

 In millions of
 dollars

AFS

HTM

Total

 Impairment losses related to
 securities that the Company does not intend to sell nor will

        likely
 be required to sell

        Total
 OTTI losses recognized during the year ended December 31, 2009

$

468

$

6,600

$

7,068

        Less:
 portion of OTTI loss recognized in AOCI (before taxes)

60

4,296

4,356

 Net impairment losses recognized in earnings for securities that
 the Company does not intend

        to
 sell nor will likely be required to sell

$

408

$

2,304

$

2,712

 OTTI losses recognized in earnings
 for securities that the Company intends to sell or more-

        likely-than-not
 will be required to sell before recovery

194

—

194

 Total impairment losses recognized
 in earnings

$

602

$

2,304

$

2,906

180

The following is a
12-month roll-forward of the credit-related position recognized in earnings for
AFS and HTM debt securities held as of December 31, 2009:

Cumulative Other-Than-Temporary
 Impairment Credit Losses Recognized in Earnings

Credit
 impairments

Credit
 impairments

Reductions due
 to

recognized in

recognized in

sales of
credit

earnings on

earnings on

impaired

December 31,
 2008

securities not

securities that
 have

securities sold
 or

Dec. 31,
 2009

 In millions of
 dollars

balance

previously
 impaired

been previously
 impaired

matured

balance

 AFS debt
 securities

 Mortgage-backed securities

        Prime

$

—

$

242

$

—

$

 —

$

242

        Alt-A

—

1

—

—

1

        Commercial
 real estate

1

1

—

—

2

        Total
 mortgage-backed securities

1

244

—

—

245

 Foreign government

—

21

—

(1

)

20

 Corporate

53

59

26

(1

)

137

 Asset-backed securities

—

4

5

—

9

 Other debt
 securities

—

49

—

—

49

 Total OTTI credit losses
 recognized for

        AFS
 debt securities

$

54

$

377

$

31

$

(2

)

$

460

 HTM debt
 securities

 Mortgage-backed
securities

        Prime

$

8

$

161

$

1

$

 —

$

170

        Alt-A

1,091

1,450

28

—

2,569

        Subprime

85

120

5

—

210

        Non-U.S.
 residential

28

68

—

—

96

        Commercial
 real estate

4

—

5

—

9

        Total
 mortgage-backed securities

1,216

1,799

39

—

3,054

 State and municipal

—

7

—

—

7

 Corporate

—

408

16

(73

)

351

 Asset-backed securities

17

31

—

—

48

 Other debt
 securities

—

3

1

—

4

 Total OTTI credit losses
 recognized for

        HTM
 debt securities

$

1,233

$

2,248

$

56

$

(73

)

$

3,464

181

 Investments
in Alternative Investment Funds

The Company holds investments in certain hedge
funds, private equity funds, fund of funds and real estate funds, and includes
both funds that are managed by the Company and funds managed by third parties.
These 

 investments are
generally classified as non-marketable equity securities carried at fair value.
The fair value of these investments has been estimated using the net asset value
(NAV) per share of the Company’s ownership interest in the funds, where it is
not probable that the Company will sell an investment at a price other than
NAV.

Redemption
 frequency

(if currently
 eligible)

Fair

Monthly,
quarterly,

Redemption
 notice

 In millions of dollars at December
 31, 2009

value

Unfunded
 commitments

annually

period

 Hedge funds

$

80

$

 —

10–95 days

 Private equity funds

1,516

702

—

—

 Real estate
 funds (1)

123

37

—

—

 Total

$

1,719

$

739

 (1)       

This
 category includes several real estate funds that invest primarily in
 commercial real estate in the U.S., Europe and Asia. These investments can
 never be redeemed with the funds. Distributions from each fund will be
 received as the underlying investments in the funds are liquidated. It is
 estimated that the underlying assets of the fund will be liquidated over a
 period of several years as market conditions allow. While certain assets
 within the portfolio may be sold, no specific assets have been identified
 for sale. Because it is not probable that any individual investment will
 be sold, the fair value of each individual investment has been estimated
 using the net asset value of the Company’s ownership interest in the
 partners’ capital. There is no standard redemption frequency nor is a
 prior notice period required. The investee fund’s management must approve
 of the buyer before the sale of the investments can be
 completed.

182

 17. LOANS 

 In millions of dollars at year
 end

2009

 (1)

2008

 (1)

 Consumer

 In U.S. offices

        Mortgage
 and real estate 
(2)

$

183,842

$

219,482

        Installment
 and other

58,099

64,319

        Cards

28,951

44,418

        Commercial
 and industrial

5,640

7,041

        Lease
 financing

11

31

$

276,543

$

335,291

 In offices outside the
 U.S.

        Mortgage
 and real estate 
(2)

$

47,297

$

44,382

        Installment,
 revolving credit and other

42,805

41,272

        Cards

41,493

42,586

        Commercial
 and industrial

14,780

16,814

        Lease
 financing

331

304

$

146,706

$

145,358

 Total consumer
 loans

$

423,249

$

480,649

 Net unearned
 income

808

738

 Consumer loans, net of unearned
 income

$

424,057

$

481,387

 Corporate

 In U.S. offices

        Commercial
 and industrial

$

15,614

$

26,447

        Loans
 to financial institutions

6,947

10,200

        Mortgage
 and real estate 
(2)

22,560

28,043

        Installment,
 revolving credit and other 
(3)

17,737

22,050

        Lease
 financing

1,297

1,476

$

64,155

$

88,216

 In offices outside the
 U.S.

        Commercial
 and industrial

$

68,467

$

79,809

        Installment
 and other

9,683

17,441

        Mortgage
 and real estate 
(2)

9,779

11,375

        Loans
 to financial institutions

15,113

18,413

        Lease
 financing

1,295

1,850

        Governments
 and official institutions

1,229

385

$

105,566

$

129,273

 Total corporate
 loans

$

169,721

$

217,489

 Net unearned
 income (4)

(2,274

)

(4,660

)

 Corporate loans, net of unearned
 income

$

167,447

$

212,829

 (1)       

The Company
 classifies consumer and corporate loans based on the segment and
 sub-segment that manages the loans. See Note 1 to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements.

 (2)       

Loans
 secured primarily by real estate.

 (3)       

Includes
 loans not otherwise separately categorized.

 (4)       

The unearned
 income in 2008 includes loans that were transferred in that period from
 the held-for-sale category to the held-for-investment category at a
 discount to par.

     Included in the previous loan table are lending products whose terms may
give rise to additional credit issues. Credit cards with below-market
introductory interest rates, multiple loans supported by the same collateral
(e.g., home equity loans), and interest-only loans are examples of such
products. However, these products are not material to Citigroup’s financial
position and are closely managed via credit controls that mitigate their
additional inherent risk.

      Impaired loans are those where Citigroup believes it is probable that it
will not collect all amounts due according to the original contractual terms of
the loan. Impaired loans include corporate non-accrual loans as well as
smaller-balance homogeneous loans whose terms have been modified due to the
borrower’s financial difficulties and Citigroup granted a concession to the
borrower. Such modifications may include interest rate reductions and/or
principal forgiveness. Valuation allowances for these loans are estimated
considering all available evidence including, as appropriate, the present value
of the expected future cash flows discounted at the loan’s original contractual
effective rate, the secondary market value of the loan and the fair value of
collateral less disposal costs. These totals exclude smaller-balance homogeneous
loans that have not been modified and are carried on a non-accrual basis, as
well as substantially all loans modified for periods of 12 months or less.
At December 31, 2009, loans included in those short-term programs amounted to
$10.1 billion. 

     The following table presents
information about impaired loans: 

 In millions of dollars at year end 

2009

2008

2007

 Impaired corporate
 loans

        Commercial
 and industrial

$

6,413

$

6,327

$

246

        Loans
 to financial institutions

1,794

2,635

1,122

        Mortgage
 and real estate

4,051

407

59

        Lease
 financing

—

35

—

        Other

1,287

328

238

        Total impaired
 corporate loans

$

13,545

$

9,732

$

1,665

 Impaired consumer loans (1)

        Mortgage
 and real estate

$

10,629

$

5,023

$

201

        Installment
 and other

3,853

2,903

40

        Cards

2,453

1,085

—

        Total
 impaired consumer loans

$

16,935

$

9,011

$

241

 Total (2)

$

30,480

$

18,743

$

1,906

 Impaired corporate loans with valuation allowances 

$

8,578

$

7,300

$

1,314

 Impaired
 consumer loans with valuation allowances

16,453

8,573

—

 Impaired corporate valuation allowance

$

2,480

$

2,698

$

388

 Impaired
 consumer valuation allowance

4,977

2,373

—

 Total valuation allowances (3)

$

7,457

$

5,071

$

388

 During the year

 Average balance of impaired corporate loans

$

12,990

$

4,157

$

967

 Average
 balance of impaired consumer loans

14,049

5,266

—

 Interest income recognized on

        Impaired
 corporate loans

$

21

$

49

$

101

        Impaired
 consumer loans

792

$

276

—

 (1)       

Prior to
 2008, the Company’s financial accounting systems did not separately track
 impaired smaller-balance, homogeneous consumer loans whose terms were
 modified due to the borrowers’ financial difficulties and it was
 determined that a concession was granted to the borrower. At December 31,
 2009 and 2008, such modified impaired consumer loans amounted to $15.899
 and $8.151 billion, respectively. However, information derived from the
 Company’s risk management systems indicates that the amounts of such
 outstanding modified loans, including those modified prior to 2008,
 approximated $18.1 billion, $12.3 billion and $7.0 billion at December 31,
 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively.

 (2)       

Excludes
 loans purchased for investment purposes.

 (3)       

Included in
 the 
Allowance for loan
 losses

.

183

      In addition, included in the loan table are purchased distressed loans,
which are loans that have evidenced significant credit deterioration subsequent
to origination but prior to acquisition by Citigroup. In accordance with SOP
03-3, the difference between the total expected cash flows for these loans and
the initial recorded investments is recognized in income over the life of the
loans using a level yield. Accordingly, these loans have been excluded from the
impaired loan information presented above. In addition, per SOP 03-3, subsequent
decreases to the expected cash flows for a purchased distressed loan require a
build of an allowance so the loan 

 retains its level yield.
However, increases in the expected cash flows are first recognized as a
reduction of any previously established allowance and then recognized as income
prospectively over the remaining life of the loan by increasing the loan’s level
yield. Where the expected cash flows cannot be reliably estimated, the purchased
distressed loan is accounted for under the cost recovery
method.

The carrying amount of the purchased distressed loan portfolio at
December 31, 2009 was $825 million net of an allowance of $95 million.

The changes in the
accretable yield, related allowance and carrying amount net of accretable yield
for 2009 are as follows: 

Carrying

Accretable

amount of loan

 In millions of
 dollars

yield

receivable

Allowance

 Beginning balance

$

92

$

1,510

$

122

 Purchases (1)

14

329

—

 Disposals/payments
 received

(5

)

(967

)

—

 Accretion

(52

)

52

—

 Builds (reductions) to the
 allowance

(21

)

1

(27

)

 Increase to expected cash flows

10

2

—

 FX/Other

(11

)

(7

)

—

 Balance, December 31, 2009 (2)

$

27

$

920

$

95

 (1)       

The balance
 reported in the column “Carrying amount of loan receivable” consists of
 $87 million of purchased loans accounted for under the level-yield method
 and $242 million under the cost-recovery method. These balances represent
 the fair value of these loans at their acquisition date. The related total
 expected cash flows for the level-yield loans were $101 million at their
 acquisition dates.

 (2)       

The balance
 reported in the column “Carrying amount of loan receivable” consists of
 $561 million of loans accounted for under the level-yield method and $359
 million accounted for under the cost-recovery method.

184

18. ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 (1)

2007

 (1)

 Allowance for loan losses at
 beginning of year

$

29,616

$

16,117

$

8,940

    Gross credit losses

(32,784

)

(20,760

)

(11,864

)

    Gross recoveries

2,043

1,749

1,938

 Net credit (losses) recoveries
 (NCLs)

$

(30,741

)

$

(19,011

)

$

(9,926

)

    NCLs

$

30,741

$

19,011

$

9,926

    Net reserve builds
 (releases)

5,741

11,297

6,550

    Net specific reserve builds (releases)

2,278

3,366

356

 Total provision for credit
 losses

$

38,760

$

33,674

$

16,832

 Other, net
 (2)

(1,602

)

(1,164

)

271

 Allowance for loan losses at end of
 year

$

36,033

$

29,616

$

16,117

 Allowance for credit losses on
 unfunded lending commitments at beginning of year (3)

$

887

$

1,250

$

1,100

 Provision for
 unfunded lending commitments

244

(363

)

150

 Allowance for credit losses on
 unfunded lending commitments at end of year (3)

$

1,157

$

887

$

1,250

 Total allowance for loans, leases,
 and unfunded lending commitments

$

37,190

$

30,503

$

17,367

 (1)       

Reclassified
 to conform to the current period’s presentation.

 (2)       

2009
 primarily includes reductions to the loan loss reserve of approximately
 $543 million related to securitizations, approximately $402 million
 related to the sale or transfers to held-for-sale of U.S. Real Estate
 Lending Loans, and $562 million related to the transfer of the U.K. Cards
 portfolio to held-for-sale. 2008 primarily includes reductions to the loan
 loss reserve of approximately $800 million related to FX translation, $102
 million related to securitizations, $244 million for the sale of the
 German retail banking operation, $156 million for the sale of CitiCapital,
 partially offset by additions of $106 million related to the Cuscatlán and
 Bank of Overseas Chinese acquisitions. 2007 primarily includes reductions
 to the loan loss reserve of $475 million related to securitizations and
 transfers to loans held-for-sale, and reductions of $83 million related to
 the transfer of the U.K. CitiFinancial portfolio to held-for-sale, offset
 by additions of $610 million related to the acquisitions of Egg, Nikko
 Cordial, Grupo Cuscatlán and Grupo Financiero Uno.

 (3)       

Represents
 additional credit loss reserves for unfunded corporate lending commitments
 and letters of credit recorded in 
Other liabilities

on the
 Consolidated Balance Sheet.

185

19. GOODWILL AND INTANGIBLE
ASSETS

Goodwill

The changes in 
Goodwill

 during
2008 and 2009 were as follows: 

 In millions of
 dollars

 Balance at December 31,
 2007

$

41,053

 Sale of German retail bank

$

(1,047

)

 Sale of CitiCapital

(221

)

 Sale of Citigroup Global Services Limited

(85

)

 Purchase accounting
 adjustments—BISYS

(184

)

 Purchase of the remaining shares of Nikko Cordial—net of purchase
 accounting adjustments

287

 Acquisition of Legg Mason Private
 Portfolio Group

98

 Foreign exchange translation

(3,116

)

 Impairment of goodwill

(9,568

)

 Smaller
 acquisitions, purchase accounting adjustments and other

(85

)

 Balance at December 31,
 2008

$

27,132

 Sale of Smith Barney

$

(1,146

)

 Sale of Nikko Cordial
 Securities

(558

)

 Sale of Nikko Asset Management

(433

)

 Foreign exchange
 translation

547

 Smaller
 acquisitions/divestitures, purchase accounting adjustments and
 other

(150

)

 Balance at December 31,
 2009

$

25,392

The changes in

Goodwill

 by segment during 2008 and 2009 were as
follows: 

Regional

Consumer

Institutional

Corporate/

 In millions of
 dollars

Banking

Clients Group

Citi Holdings

Other

Total

 Balance at December 31, 2007 (1)

$

19,751

$

9,288

$

12,014

$—

$

41,053

 Goodwill acquired during 2008 

$

88

$

108

$

1,492

$—

$

1,688

 Goodwill disposed of during
 2008

—

—

(1,378

)

—

(1,378

)

 Goodwill impaired during 2008

(6,547

)

—

(3,021

)

—

(9,568

)

 Other (1)

(4,006

)

775

(1,432

)

—

(4,663

)

 Balance at December 31, 2008 (1)

$

9,286

$

10,171

$

7,675

$—

$

27,132

 Goodwill acquired during
 2009

$

—

$

 —

$

—

$—

$

 —

 Goodwill disposed of during 2009

—

(39

)

(2,248

)

—

(2,287

)

 Other (1)

307

225

15

—

547

 Balance at December 31,
 2009

$

9,593

$

10,357

$

5,442

$—

$

25,392

 (1)       

Other
 changes in Goodwill primarily
 reflect foreign exchange effects on non-dollar-denominated goodwill, as
 well as purchase accounting adjustments.

      Goodwill impairment testing is performed at a level below the business
segments (referred to as a reporting unit). The changes in the organizational
structure in 2009 resulted in the creation of new reporting segments. As a
result, commencing with the second quarter of 2009, the Company has identified
new reporting units as required under ASC 350, 
Intangibles—Goodwill and Other

. Goodwill affected by the reorganization has
been reassigned from 10 reporting units to nine, using a fair value approach.
During 2009, goodwill was allocated to disposals and tested for impairment under
the new reporting units. The Company performed goodwill impairment testing for
all reporting units as of April 1, 2009 and July 1, 2009. Additionally, the
Company performed an interim goodwill impairment test for the 
Local Consumer Lending

—Cards reporting unit as of November 30, 2009. No goodwill was written
off due to impairment in 2009. 

      During 2008, the share prices of financial stocks continued to be very
volatile and were under considerable pressure in sustained turbulent markets. In
this environment, Citigroup’s market capitalization remained below book value
for most of the period and the Company performed goodwill impairment testing for
all reporting units as of February 28, 2008, July 1, 2008 and December 31, 2008.
The results of the first step of the impairment test showed no indication of
impairment in any of the reporting units at any of the periods except December
31, 2008 and, accordingly, the Company did not perform the second step of the
impairment test, except for the test performed as of December 31, 2008. As of
December 31, 2008, there was an indication of impairment in the 
North America Consumer Banking, Latin America Consumer
Banking,

 and 
Local Consumer Lending

—Other reporting units and, accordingly, the second step of testing was
performed on these reporting units. 

186

      Based on the results of the second step of testing, at December 31, 2008,
the Company recorded a $9.6 billion pretax ($8.7 billion after-tax) goodwill
impairment charge in the fourth quarter of 2008, representing most of the
goodwill allocated to these reporting units. The primary cause for the goodwill
impairment at December 31, 2008 in the above reporting units was rapid
deterioration in the financial markets, as well as in the global economic
outlook particularly during the period beginning mid-November through year-end
2008. The more significant fair value adjustments in the pro forma purchase
price allocation in the second step of testing were to fair value loans and debt
and were made to identify and value identifiable intangibles. The adjustments to
measure the assets, liabilities and intangibles were for the purpose of
measuring the implied fair value of goodwill and such adjustments are not
reflected in the Consolidated Balance
Sheet.

The following table shows reporting units with goodwill balances and the
excess of fair value as a percentage over allocated book value as of December
31, 2009.

 In millions of
 dollars

Fair value as a %
 of

 Reporting unit (1)

allocated book
 value

Goodwill

 North America Regional Consumer
 Banking

174

%    

$

2,453

 EMEA Regional Consumer
 Banking

163

255

 Asia Regional Consumer
 Banking

303

5,533

 Latin America Regional Consumer Banking

215

1,352

 Securities and
 Banking

203

8,784

 Transaction
 Services

2,079

1,573

 Brokerage and Asset
 Management

161

759

 Local Consumer
 Lending

—Cards

112

4,683

 (1)       

 Local Consumer
 Lending

—Other

is excluded from the table as there
 is no goodwill allocated to it.

      While no impairment was noted in step one of the Company’s 
Local Consumer Lending

—Cards reporting unit impairment test at November 30, 2009, goodwill
present in that reporting unit may be particularly sensitive to further
deterioration in economic conditions. Under the market approach for valuing this
reporting unit, the earnings multiples and transaction multiples were selected
from multiples obtained using data from guideline companies and acquisitions.
The selection of the actual multiple considers operating performance and
financial condition such as return on equity and net income growth of

Local Consumer Lending

—Cards as compared to the guideline companies
and acquisitions. For the valuation under the income approach, the Company
utilized a discount rate, which it believes reflects the risk and uncertainty
related to the projected cash flows, and selected 2012 as the terminal
year.

Small deterioration in the assumptions used in the valuations, in
particular the discount rate and growth rate assumptions used in the net income
projections, could significantly affect the Company’s impairment evaluation and,
hence, results. If the future were to differ adversely from management’s best
estimate of key economic assumptions and associated cash flows were to decrease
by a small margin, the Company could potentially experience future material
impairment charges with respect to $4,683 million of goodwill remaining in our

Local Consumer Lending

—Cards reporting unit. Any such charges, by
themselves, would not negatively affect the Company’s Tier 1, Tier 1 Common and
Total Capital regulatory ratios, its Tangible Common Equity or the Company’s
liquidity position.

187

Intangible
Assets

The
components of intangible assets were as follows: 

December 31, 2009

December 31,
 2008

Gross

Net

Gross

Net

carrying

Accumulated

carrying

carrying

Accumulated

carrying

 In millions of
 dollars

amount

amortization

amount

amount

amortization

amount

 Purchased credit card
 relationships

$

8,148

$

4,838

$

3,310

$

8,443

$

4,513

$

3,930

 Core deposit intangibles

1,373

791

582

1,345

662

683

 Other customer
 relationships

675

176

499

4,031

168

3,863

 Present value of future profits

418

280

138

415

264

151

 Indefinite-lived intangible
 assets

569

—

569

1,474

—

1,474

 Other (1)

4,977

1,361

3,616

5,343

1,285

4,058

 Intangible assets (excluding
 MSRs)

$

16,160

$

7,446

$

8,714

$

21,051

$

6,892

$

14,159

 Mortgage
 servicing rights (MSRs)

6,530

—

6,530

5,657

—

5,657

 Total intangible
 assets

$

22,690

$

7,446

$

15,244

$

26,708

$

6,892

$

19,816

 (1)       

Includes
 contract-related intangible assets.

      In 2009, Citigroup added $302
million in other intangibles, with a weighted-average amortization period
of 13 years.

Intangible assets amortization expense was
$1,179 million, $1,427 million and $1,267 million for 2009, 2008 and 2007,
respectively. Intangible assets amortization expense is estimated to be $991
million in 2010, $934 million in 2011, $887 million in 2012, $802 million in
2013, and $770 million in 2014.

The changes in
intangible assets during 2009 were as follows: 

Net carrying

Net carrying

amount at

FX

amount at

December 31,

Acquisitions/

and

December 31,

 In millions of
 dollars

2008

divestitures

Amortization

Impairments

other

 (1)

2009

 Purchased credit card
 relationships

$

3,930

$

(72

)

$

(595

)

$

 —

$

47

$

3,310

 Core deposit intangibles

683

—

(115

)

(3

)

17

582

 Other customer
 relationships

3,863

(3,253

)

(164

)

—

53

499

 Present value of future profits

151

—

(13

)

—

—

138

 Indefinite-lived intangible
 assets

1,474

(967

)

—

—

62

569

 Other

4,058

(108

)

(292

)

(53

)

11

3,616

 Intangible assets (excluding MSRs)

$

14,159

$

(4,400

)

$

(1,179

)

$

(56

)

$

190

$

8,714

 Mortgage
 servicing rights (MSRs) (2)

5,657

6,530

 Total intangible
 assets

$

19,816

$

15,244

 (1)       

Includes
 foreign exchange translation and purchase accounting
 adjustments.

 (2)       

See Note 23
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the roll-forward of mortgage
 servicing rights.

188

 20. DEBT 

Short-Term
Borrowings

Short-term
borrowings consist of commercial paper and other borrowings with weighted
average interest rates as follows: 

2009

2008 

 In millions of
 dollars

Weighted

Weighted 

 at December 31,

Balance

average

Balance

average 

 Commercial paper

 Citigroup Funding Inc.

$  9,846

0.33

%

$ 

28,654

1.66 

%

 Other
 Citigroup subsidiaries

377

0.51

471

2.02

$10,223

$ 

29,125

 Other borrowings

58,656

0.66

%

97,566

2.40

%

 Total

$68,879

$

126,691

     Borrowings under bank lines of credit may be at interest rates based on
LIBOR, CD rates, the prime rate, or bids submitted by the banks. Citigroup pays
commitment fees for its lines of
credit. 

Some of Citigroup’s non-bank subsidiaries have
credit facilities with Citigroup’s subsidiary depository institutions, including
Citibank, N.A. Borrowings under these facilities must be secured in accordance
with Section 23A of the Federal Reserve
Act. 

CGMHI has committed financing with an
unaffiliated bank. At December 31, 2009, CGMHI had drawn down the full $125
million available, which is guaranteed by Citigroup. It also has substantial
borrowing agreements consisting of facilities that CGMHI has been advised are
available, but where no contractual lending obligation exists. These
arrangements are reviewed on an ongoing basis to ensure flexibility in meeting
CGMHI’s short-term requirements.

 Long-Term Debt

Balances

Weighted

 In millions of
 dollars

average

 at December 31,

coupon

Maturities

2009

2008

 Citigroup parent
 company

 Senior notes (1)

4.11

%

2010-2098

$

149,751

$

138,014

 Subordinated notes

5.25

2010-2036

28,708

30,216

 Junior subordinated notes

 relating to trust
 preferred

 securities

7.19

2031-2067

19,345

24,060

 Other Citigroup
 subsidiaries

 Senior notes (2)

2.12

2010-2043

93,909

105,620

 Subsidiary

        subordinated
 notes

1.63

2010-2038

3,060

3,395

 Secured debt

1.79

2010-2017

325

290

 Citigroup Global
 Markets

        Holdings Inc.

 Senior notes

1.94

2010-2097

13,422

20,619

 Subordinated notes

—

4

 Citigroup Funding Inc. (3)

 Senior
 notes

3.21

2010-2051

55,499

37,375

 Total

$

364,019

$

359,593

 Senior notes

$

312,581

$

301,628

 Subordinated notes

31,768

33,615

 Junior subordinated notes

        relating to trust
 preferred

        securities

19,345

24,060

 Other

325

290

 Total

$

364,019

$

359,593

 (1)

Includes $250 million of notes maturing in 2098.

 (2)

At December 31, 2009 and 2008, collateralized advances from the
 Federal Home Loan Bank are $24.1 billion and $67.4 billion,
 respectively.

 (3)

Includes Principal-Protected Trust Securities (Safety First Trust
 Securities) with carrying values of $528 million issued by Safety First
 Trust Series 2006-1, 2007-1, 2007-2, 2007-3, 2007-4, 2008-1, 2008-2,
 2008-3, 2008-4, 2008-5, 2008-6, 2009-1, 2009-2, and 2009-3 (collectively,
 the “Safety First Trusts”) at December 31, 2009 and $452 million issued by
 Safety First Trust Series 2006-1, 2007-1, 2007-2, 2007-3, 2007-4, 2008-1,
 2008-2, 2008-3, 2008-4, 2008-5 and 2008-6 at December 31, 2008. CFI owns
 all of the voting securities of the Safety First Trusts. The Safety First
 Trusts have no assets, operations, revenues or cash flows other than those
 related to the issuance, administration, and repayment of the Safety First
 Trust Securities and the Safety First Trusts’ common securities. The
 Safety First Trusts’ obligations under the Safety First Trust Securities
 are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by CFI, and CFI’s guarantee
 obligations are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by
 Citigroup.

     CGMHI has a syndicated five-year committed uncollateralized revolving
line of credit facility with unaffiliated banks totaling $3.0 billion, which was
undrawn at December 31, 2009 and matures in 2011. CGMHI also has committed
long-term financing facilities with unaffiliated banks. At December 31, 2009,
CGMHI had drawn down the full $900 million available under these facilities, of
which $150 million is guaranteed by Citigroup. Generally, a bank can terminate
these facilities by giving CGMHI one year prior notice.

189

      CGMHI also has substantial borrowing arrangements consisting of
facilities that CGMHI has been advised are available, but where no contractual
lending obligation exists. These arrangements are reviewed on an ongoing basis
to ensure flexibility in meeting CGMHI’s short-term
requirements. 

The Company issues both fixed and variable
rate debt in a range of currencies. It uses derivative contracts, primarily
interest rate swaps, to effectively convert a portion of its fixed rate debt to
variable rate debt

and variable rate debt to fixed rate debt. The maturity structure of the
derivatives generally corresponds to the maturity structure of the debt being
hedged. In addition, the Company uses other derivative contracts to manage the
foreign exchange impact of certain debt issuances. At December 31, 2009, the
Company’s overall weighted average interest rate for long-term debt was 3.51% on
a contractual basis and 3.91% including the effects of derivative contracts.

Aggregate annual
maturities of long-term debt obligations (based on final maturity dates)
including trust preferred securities are as follows: 

 In millions of
 dollars

2010

2011

2012

2013

2014

Thereafter

 Citigroup parent company

$

18,030

$

20,435

$

29,706

$

17,775

$

18,916

$

92,942

 Other Citigroup subsidiaries

18,710

29,316

17,214

5,177

12,202

14,675

 Citigroup Global Markets Holdings
 Inc.

1,315

1,030

1,686

388

522

8,481

 Citigroup Funding
 Inc.

9,107

8,875

20,738

4,792

3,255

8,732

 Total

$

47,162

$

59,656

$

69,344

$

28,132

$

34,895

$

124,830

      Long-term debt at December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008 includes
$19,345 million and $24,060 million, respectively, of junior subordinated debt.
The Company formed statutory business trusts under the laws of the state of
Delaware. The trusts exist for the exclusive purposes of (i) issuing trust
securities representing undivided beneficial interests in the assets of the
Trust; (ii) investing the gross proceeds of the trust securities in junior
subordinated deferrable interest debentures (subordinated debentures) of its
parent; and (iii) engaging in only those activities necessary or incidental
thereto. Upon approval from the Federal Reserve, Citigroup has the right to
redeem these securities. 

Citigroup has contractually agreed not to
redeem or purchase (i) the 6.50% Enhanced Trust Preferred securities of
Citigroup Capital XV before September 15, 2056, (ii) the 6.45% Enhanced Trust
Preferred securities of Citigroup Capital XVI before December 31, 2046, (iii)
the 6.35% Enhanced Trust Preferred securities of Citigroup Capital XVII before
March 15, 2057, (iv) the 6.829% Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Enhanced Trust
Preferred securities of Citigroup Capital XVIII before June 28, 2047, (v) the
7.250% Enhanced Trust Preferred securities of Citigroup Capital XIX before
August 15, 2047, (vi) the 7.875% Enhanced Trust Preferred securities of
Citigroup Capital

 XX before December 15,
2067, and (vii) the 8.300% Fixed Rate/Floating Rate Enhanced Trust Preferred
securities of Citigroup Capital XXI before December 21, 2067, unless certain
conditions, described in Exhibit 4.03 to Citigroup’s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed on September 18, 2006, in Exhibit 4.02 to Citigroup’s Current Report on
Form 8-K filed on November 28, 2006, in Exhibit 4.02 to Citigroup’s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed on March 8, 2007, in Exhibit 4.02 to Citigroup’s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2007, in Exhibit 4.02 to Citigroup’s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 17, 2007, in Exhibit 4.2 to
Citigroup’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 27, 2007, and in
Exhibit 4.2 to Citigroup’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on December 21,
2007, respectively, are met. These agreements are for the benefit of the holders
of Citigroup’s 6.00% junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures due
2034. Citigroup owns all of the voting securities of these subsidiary trusts.
These subsidiary trusts have no assets, operations, revenues or cash flows other
than those related to the issuance, administration, and repayment of the
subsidiary trusts and the subsidiary trusts’ common securities. These subsidiary
trusts’ obligations are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by
Citigroup.

190

The following table
summarizes the financial structure of each of the Company’s subsidiary trusts at
December 31, 2009: 

Junior subordinated debentures
 owned by trust

 Trust securities

Common

 with distributions

shares

Redeemable

 guaranteed by

Issuance

Securities

Liquidation

Coupon

issued

by issuer

 Citigroup

date

issued

value

rate

to parent

Amount 

 (1)

Maturity

beginning

 In millions of dollars, except
 share amounts

 Citigroup Capital III

Dec. 1996

194,053

$    
 194

7.625

%

6,003

$     
 200

Dec. 1, 2036

Not redeemable

 Citigroup Capital VII

July 2001

35,885,898

897

7.125

%

1,109,874

925

July 31, 2031

July 31, 2006

 Citigroup Capital VIII

Sept. 2001

43,651,597

1,091

6.950

%

1,350,050

1,125

Sept. 15, 2031

Sept. 17, 2006

 Citigroup Capital IX

Feb. 2003

33,874,813

847

6.000

%

1,047,675

873

Feb. 14, 2033

Feb. 13, 2008

 Citigroup Capital X

Sept. 2003

14,757,823

369

6.100

%

456,428

380

Sept. 30, 2033

Sept. 30, 2008 

 Citigroup Capital XI

Sept. 2004

18,387,128

460

6.000

%

568,675

474

Sept. 27, 2034

Sept. 27, 2009 

 Citigroup Capital XIV

June 2006

12,227,281

306

6.875

%

40,000

307

June 30, 2066

June 30, 2011 

 Citigroup Capital XV

Sept. 2006

25,210,733

630

6.500

%

40,000

631

Sept. 15, 2066

Sept. 15, 2011 

 Citigroup Capital XVI

Nov. 2006

38,148,947

954

6.450

%

20,000

954

Dec. 31, 2066

Dec. 31, 2011

 Citigroup Capital XVII

Mar. 2007

28,047,927

701

6.350

%

20,000

702

Mar. 15, 2067

Mar. 15, 2012 

 Citigroup Capital XVIII

June 2007

99,901

162

6.829

%

50

162

June 28, 2067

June 28, 2017

 Citigroup Capital XIX

Aug. 2007

22,771,968

569

7.250

%

20,000

570

Aug. 15, 2067

Aug. 15, 2012

 Citigroup Capital XX

Nov. 2007

17,709,814

443

7.875

%

20,000

443

Dec. 15, 2067

Dec. 15, 2012

 Citigroup Capital XXI

Dec. 2007

2,345,801

2,346

8.300

%

500

2,346

Dec. 21, 2077

Dec. 21, 2037

 Citigroup Capital XXX

Nov. 2007

1,875,000

1,875

6.455

%

10

1,875

Sept. 15, 2041

Sept. 15, 2013

 Citigroup Capital XXXI

Nov. 2007

1,875,000

1,875

6.700

%

10

1,875

Mar. 15, 2042

Mar. 15, 2014

 Citigroup Capital XXXII

Nov. 2007

1,875,000

1,875

6.935

%

10

1,875

Sept. 15, 2042

Sept. 15, 2014

 Citigroup Capital XXXIII

July 2009

5,259,000

5,259

8.000

%

100

5,259

July 30, 2039

July 30, 2014

3 mo. LIB  

 Adam Capital Trust III

Dec. 2002

17,500

18

+335 
bp.  

542

18

Jan. 7, 2033

Jan. 7, 2008

3 mo. LIB  

 Adam Statutory Trust III

Dec. 2002

25,000

25

+325 
bp.  

774

26

Dec. 26, 2032

Dec. 26, 2007

3 mo. LIB  

 Adam Statutory Trust IV

Sept. 2003

40,000

40

+295 
bp.  

1,238

41

Sept. 17, 2033

Sept. 17, 2008

3 mo. LIB  

 Adam
 Statutory Trust V

Mar.
 2004

35,000

35

+279 
bp. 

1,083

36

Mar. 17,
 2034

Mar. 17,
 2009

 Total obligated

$20,971

$21,097

 (1)

Represents the proceeds received from the Trust at the date of
 issuance.

      In each case, the coupon rate on the debentures is the same as that on
the trust securities. Distributions on the trust securities and interest on the
debentures are payable quarterly, except for Citigroup Capital III, Citigroup
Capital XVIII and Citigroup Capital XXI on which distributions are payable
semiannually.

During the third quarter of 2009, pursuant to
the “Exchange Offers,” Citigroup converted $5.8 billion liquidation value of
trust preferred securities across Citigroup Capital III, Citigroup Capital VII,
Citigroup Capital VIII, 

 Citigroup Capital IX,
Citigroup Capital X, Citigroup Capital XI, Citigroup Capital XIV, Citigroup
Capital XV, Citigroup Capital XVI, Citigroup Capital XVII, Citigroup Capital
XVIII, Citigroup Capital XIX, Citigroup Capital XX and Citigroup Capital XXI to
common stock and issued $27.1 billion of Citigroup Capital XXXIII trust
preferred securities to the U.S. government in exchange for the Series G and I
of preferred stock.

191

21. PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS’
EQUITY

The following
table summarizes the Company’s Preferred Stock outstanding at December 31, 2009
and December 31, 2008: 

Carrying value

in millions of
 dollars

Redemption

Convertible to

price per

approximate

depositary

Number

number of

share /

of

Citigroup

Dividend

preference

depositary

common shares at

December 31,

December 31,

rate

share

shares

  December 31, 2009

2009

2008

 Series A (1)

7.000 

%

$           
 50

—

$

        —

$  —

$  6,880

 Series B (1)

7.000 

%

50

—

—

—

3,000

 Series C (1)

7.000 

%

50

—

—

—

1,000

 Series D (1)

7.000 

%

50

—

—

—

750

 Series E (2)

8.400 

%

1,000

121,254

—

121

6,000

 Series F (3)

8.500 

%

25

2,863,369

—

71

2,040

 Series H (4)

5.000 

%

1,000,000

—

—

—

23,727

 Series I (5)

8.000 

%

1,000,000

—

—

—

19,513

 Series J (1)

7.000 

%

50

—

—

—

450

 Series K (1)

7.000 

%

50

—

—

—

400

 Series L1 (1)

7.000 

%

50

—

—

—

5

 Series N (1)

7.000 

%

50

—

—

—

15

 Series T (6)

6.500 

%

50

453,981

672,959

23

3,169

 Series AA (7)

8.125 

%

25

3,870,330

—

97

3,715

672,959

$312

$70,664

 (1)

Issued on
 January 23, 2008 as depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,000th
 interest in a share of the corresponding series of Non-Cumulative
 Convertible Preferred Stock. Under the terms of pre-existing conversion
 price reset agreements with holders of Series A, B, C, D, J, K, L1 and N
 (the “Old Preferred Stock”), on February 17, 2009, Citigroup exchanged
 shares of new preferred stock Series A1, B1, C1, D1, J1, K1, L2 and N1
 (the “New Preferred Stock”) for an equal number of shares of Old Preferred
 Stock. All shares of the Old Preferred Stock were canceled. During the
 third quarter of 2009, pursuant to the “Exchange Offers”, Citigroup
 converted the entire notional value of the New Preferred Stock to common
 stock.

 (2)

Issued on
 April 28, 2008 as depositary shares, each representing a 1/25th interest
 in a share of the corresponding series of Fixed Rate/Floating Rate
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock. Redeemable in whole or in part on or after
 April 30, 2018. Dividends are payable semi-annually for the first 10 years
 until April 30, 2018 at $42.70 per depositary share and thereafter
 quarterly at a floating rate when, as and if declared by the Company’s
 Board of Directors. During the third quarter of 2009, pursuant to the
 “Exchange Offers”, Citigroup converted $5,879 million notional value of
 Series E Preferred Stock to common stock.

 (3)

Issued on
 May 13, 2008 and May 28, 2008 as depositary shares, each representing a
 1/1,000th interest in a share of the corresponding series of
 Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock. Redeemable in whole or in part on or after
 June 15, 2013. The dividend of $0.53 per depositary share is payable
 quarterly when, as and if declared by the Company’s Board of Directors.
 During the third quarter of 2009, pursuant to the “Exchange Offers”,
 Citigroup converted $1,969 million notional value of Series F Preferred
 Stock to common stock.

 (4)

Issued on
 October 28, 2008 as Cumulative Preferred Stock to the United States
 Treasury under the Troubled Asset Relief Program. During the third quarter
 of 2009, pursuant to the “Exchange Offers”, the entire notional value of
 the Preferred Stock was converted to common stock.

 (5)

Issued on
 December 31, 2008 as Cumulative Preferred Stock to the United States
 Treasury under the Troubled Asset Relief Program. During the third quarter
 of 2009, pursuant to the “Exchange Offers”, the entire notional value of
 the Preferred Stock was converted to Citigroup Capital XXXIII trust
 preferred securities maturing July 30, 2039.

 (6)

Issued on
 January 23, 2008 and January 29, 2008 as depositary shares, each
 representing a 1/1,000th interest in a share of the corresponding series
 of Non-Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock. Redeemable in whole or in
 part on or after February 15, 2015. Convertible into Citigroup common
 stock at a conversion rate of approximately 1,482.3503 per share, which is
 subject to adjustment under certain conditions. The dividend or in $0.81
 per depositary share is payable quarterly when, as and if declared by the
 Company’s Board of Directors. Redemption is subject to a capital
 replacement covenant. During the third quarter of 2009, pursuant to the
 “Exchange Offers”, Citigroup converted $3,146 million notional value of
 Series T Preferred Stock to common stock.

 (7)

Issued on
 January 25, 2008 as depositary shares, each representing a 1/1,000th
 interest in a share of the corresponding series of Non-Cumulative
 Preferred Stock. Redeemable in whole or in part on or after February 15,
 2018. The dividend of $0.51 per depositary share is payable quarterly
 when, as and if declared by the Company’s Board of Directors. Redemption
 is subject to a capital replacement covenant. During the third quarter of
 2009, pursuant to the “Exchange Offers”, Citigroup converted $3,618
 million notional value of Series AA Preferred Stock to common
 stock.

192

 Regulatory Capital

Citigroup is subject to risk based capital and
leverage guidelines issued by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System (FRB). Its U.S. insured depository institution subsidiaries, including
Citibank, N.A., are subject to similar guidelines issued by their respective
primary federal bank regulatory agencies. These guidelines are used to evaluate
capital adequacy and include the required minimums shown in the following
table. 

The regulatory agencies are required by law to
take specific prompt actions with respect to institutions that do not meet
minimum capital standards. As of December 31, 2009 and 2008, all of Citigroup’s
U.S. insured subsidiary depository institutions were “well
capitalized.”
     At December
31, 2009, regulatory capital as set forth in guidelines issued by the U.S.
federal bank regulators is as follows: 

Well-

Required

capitalized

 In millions of
 dollars

minimum

minimum

Citigroup

 (3)

Citibank, N.A.

(3)

 Tier 1 Capital

$ 

127,034 

$ 

96,833 

 Total Capital (1)

165,983 

110,625 

 Tier 1 Capital ratio

4.0

%

6.0

%

11.67

%

13.16

%

 Total Capital ratio (1)

8.0 

10.0 

15.25 

15.03 

 Leverage
 ratio (2)

3.0

5.0

 (3)

6.89

8.31

 (1)

Total Capital includes Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2
 Capital.

 (2)

Tier 1 Capital divided by adjusted average total
 assets.

 (3)

Applicable only to depository institutions. For bank holding
 companies to be “well capitalized,” they must maintain a minimum Leverage
 ratio of 3%.

 Banking Subsidiaries—Constraints on
Dividends

There are
various legal limitations on the ability of Citigroup’s subsidiary depository
institutions to extend credit, pay dividends or otherwise supply funds to
Citigroup and its non-bank subsidiaries. Currently, the approval of the Office
of the Comptroller of the Currency, in the case of national banks, or the Office
of Thrift Supervision, in the case of federal savings banks, is required if
total dividends declared in any calendar year exceed amounts specified by the
applicable agency’s regulations. State-chartered depository institutions are
subject to dividend limitations imposed by applicable state
law. 

In determining the dividends, each depository
institution must also consider its effect on applicable risk-based capital and
leverage ratio requirements, as well as policy statements of the federal
regulatory agencies that indicate that banking organizations should generally
pay dividends out of current operating earnings. Citigroup did not receive any
dividends from its banking subsidiaries during 2009.

Non-Banking
Subsidiaries

Citigroup
also receives dividends from its non-bank subsidiaries. These non-bank
subsidiaries are generally not subject to regulatory restrictions on
dividends. 

The ability of CGMHI to declare dividends can
be restricted by capital considerations of its broker-dealer subsidiaries.

 In millions of
 dollars

Net

Excess over

capital or

minimum

 Subsidiary

Jurisdiction

equivalent

requirement

 Citigroup Global

U.S. Securities and

        Markets Inc.

       Exchange

       Commission

       Uniform Net

       Capital Rule

       (Rule 15c3-1)

$10,886

$10,218

 Citigroup Global

United
 Kingdom’s

        Markets Limited

       Financial

Services

       Authority

$ 6,409

$
 3,081

193

22. CHANGES IN ACCUMULATED OTHER
COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 

Changes in each component of “Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income
(Loss)” for the three-year period ended December 31, 2009 are as follows:

Foreign

currency

Net
 unrealized

translation

Accumulated

gains
 (losses)

adjustment,

Pension

other

on investment

net of

Cash flow

liability

comprehensive

 In millions of
 dollars

securities

hedges

hedges

adjustments

income (loss)

 Balance, January 1,
 2007

 $

1,092

 $

(2,796

)

 $

(61

)

 $

(1,786

)

         $

(3,551

)

 Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities,
 net of taxes

138 

— 

— 

— 

138 

 Less: Reclassification adjustment
 for net gains included in net income, net of taxes

(759 

)

— 

— 

— 

(759 

)

 Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of taxes (1)

— 

2,024 

— 

— 

2,024 

 Cash flow hedges, net of taxes
 (2)

— 

— 

(3,102 

)

— 

(3,102 

)

 Pension liability
 adjustment, net of taxes (3)

— 

— 

— 

590 

590 

 Change

$

(621

)

$ 

2,024

$ 

(3,102

)

$ 

590

$ 

(1,109

)

 Balance, December 31,
 2007

$

471

$

(772

)

$

(3,163

)

$

(1,196

)

$

(4,660

)

 Change in net unrealized gains
 (losses) on investment securities, net of taxes

(11,422 

)

— 

— 

— 

(11,422 

)

 Less: Reclassification adjustment for net losses included in net
 income, net of taxes

1,304 

— 

— 

— 

1,304 

 Foreign currency translation
 adjustment, net of taxes (1)

— 

(6,972 

)

— 

— 

(6,972 

)

 Cash flow hedges, net of taxes (2)

— 

— 

(2,026 

)

— 

(2,026 

)

 Pension
 liability adjustment, net of taxes (3)

— 

— 

— 

(1,419

)

(1,419

)

 Change

$

(10,118 

)

$ 

(6,972 

)

$ 

(2,026 

)

$ 

(1,419 

)

$ 

(20,535 

)

 Balance, December 31,
 2008

$

(9,647

)

$

(7,744

)

$

(5,189

)

$

(2,615

)

$

(25,195

)

 Cumulative effect of accounting change (ASC 320-10-35/FSP FAS
 115-2

    and
 FAS 124-2)

(413 

)

— 

— 

— 

(413 

)

 Balance, January 1,
 2009

$

(10,060

)

$

(7,744

)

$

(5,189

)

$

(2,615

)

$

(25,608

)

 Change in net unrealized gains (losses) on investment securities,
 net of taxes

5,268 

— 

— 

— 

5,268 

 Less: Reclassification adjustment
 for net losses included in net income, net of taxes

445 

— 

— 

— 

445 

 Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of taxes (1)

— 

(203 

)

— 

— 

(203 

)

 Cash flow hedges, net of taxes
 (2)

— 

— 

2,007 

— 

2,007 

 Pension liability
 adjustment, net of taxes (3)

— 

— 

— 

(846 

)

(846 

)

 Change

$

5,713

$ 

(203

)

$ 

2,007

$ 

(846

)

$ 

6,671

 Balance, December 31, 2009 (4)

$

(4,347

)

$

(7,947

)

$

(3,182

)

$

(3,461

)

$

(18,937

)

 (1)

Reflects, among other items: the movements in the British pound,
 Euro, Japanese yen, Korean won, Polish zloty and Mexican peso against the
 U.S. dollar, and changes in related tax effects and hedges.

 (2)

Primarily driven by Citigroup’s pay fixed/receive floating interest
 rate swap programs that are hedging the floating rates on deposits and
 long-term debt.

 (3)

Reflects adjustments to the funded status of pension and
 postretirement plans, which is the difference between the fair value of
 the plan assets and the projected benefit obligation.

 (4)

The December 31, 2009 balance of $(4.3) billion for net unrealized
 losses on investment securities consists of $(4.7) billion for those
 investments classified as held-to-maturity and $0.4 billion for those
 classified as available-for-sale.

194

 23. SECURITIZATIONS AND VARIABLE INTEREST
ENTITIES 

Overview

Citigroup and its subsidiaries are involved
with several types of off-balance-sheet arrangements, including special purpose
entities (SPEs). See Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a
discussion of impending accounting changes to the accounting for transfers and
servicing of financial assets and Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities,
including the elimination of Qualifying SPEs.

Uses of SPEs

An SPE is an entity designed to fulfill a
specific limited need of the company that organized
it. 

The principal uses of SPEs are to obtain
liquidity and favorable capital treatment by securitizing certain of Citigroup’s
financial assets, to assist clients in securitizing their financial assets, and
to create investment products for clients. SPEs may be organized in many legal
forms including trusts, partnerships or corporations. In a securitization, the
company transferring assets to an SPE converts those assets into cash before
they would have been realized in the normal course of business, through the
SPE’s issuance of debt and equity instruments, certificates, commercial paper
and other notes of indebtedness, which are recorded on the balance sheet of the
SPE and not reflected on the transferring company’s balance sheet, assuming
applicable accounting requirements are satisfied. Investors usually have
recourse to the assets in the SPE and often benefit from other credit
enhancements, such as a collateral account or over-collateralization in the form
of excess assets in the SPE, or from a liquidity facility, such as a line of
credit, liquidity put option or asset purchase agreement. The SPE can typically
obtain a more favorable credit rating from rating agencies than the transferor
could obtain for its own debt issuances, resulting in less expensive financing
costs. The SPE may also enter into derivative contracts in order to convert the
yield or currency of the underlying assets to match the needs of the SPE
investors or to limit or change the credit risk of the SPE. Citigroup may be the
provider of certain credit enhancements as well as the counterparty to any
related derivative
contracts. 

SPEs may be Qualifying SPEs (QSPEs) or
Variable Interest Entities (VIEs) or neither. 

Qualifying SPEs

QSPEs are a special class of SPEs that have significant limitations on
the types of assets and derivative instruments they may own or enter into and
the types and extent of activities and decision-making they may engage in.
Generally, QSPEs are passive entities designed to purchase assets and pass
through the cash flows from those assets to the investors in the QSPE. QSPEs may
not actively manage their assets through discretionary sales and are generally
limited to making decisions inherent in servicing activities and issuance of
liabilities. QSPEs are generally exempt from consolidation by the transferor of
assets to the QSPE and any investor or counterparty. 

 Variable interest entities

VIEs are entities that have either a total
equity investment that is insufficient to permit the entity to finance its
activities without additional subordinated financial support or whose equity
investors lack the characteristics of a controlling financial interest (i.e.,
ability to make significant decisions through voting rights, right to receive
the expected residual returns of the entity and obligation to absorb the
expected losses of the entity). Investors that finance the VIE through debt or
equity interests or other counterparties that provide other forms of support,
such as guarantees, subordinated fee arrangements, or certain types of
derivative contracts, are variable interest holders in the entity. The variable
interest holder, if any, that will absorb a majority of the entity’s expected
losses, receive a majority of the entity’s expected residual returns, or both,
is deemed to be the primary beneficiary and must consolidate the VIE.
Consolidation of a VIE is determined based primarily on variability generated in
scenarios that are considered most likely to occur, rather than based on
scenarios that are considered more remote. Certain variable interests may absorb
significant amounts of losses or residual returns contractually, but if those
scenarios are considered very unlikely to occur, they may not lead to
consolidation of the VIE. 

All of these facts and circumstances are taken
into consideration when determining whether the Company has variable interests
that would deem it the primary beneficiary and, therefore, require consolidation
of the related VIE or otherwise rise to the level where disclosure would provide
useful information to the users of the Company’s financial statements. In some
cases, it is qualitatively clear based on the extent of the Company’s
involvement or the seniority of its investments that the Company is not the
primary beneficiary of the VIE. In other cases, a more detailed and quantitative
analysis is required to make such a
determination. 

The Company generally considers the following
types of involvement to be significant: 

 assisting in the structuring of a transaction and retaining any amount of
 debt financing (e.g., loans, notes, bonds or other debt instruments) or an
 equity investment (e.g., common shares, partnership interests or warrants);

writing a “liquidity put” or other liquidity facility to support the
 issuance of short-term notes;

writing credit protection (e.g., guarantees, letters of credit, credit
 default swaps or total return swaps where the Company receives the total
 return or risk on the assets held by the VIE); or

certain transactions where the Company is the investment manager and
 receives variable fees for services. 

     In various other transactions, the Company may act as a derivative
counterparty (for example, interest rate swap, cross-currency swap, or purchaser
of credit protection under a credit default swap or total return swap where the
Company pays the total return on certain assets to the SPE); may act as
underwriter or placement agent; may provide administrative, trustee, or other
services; or may make a market in debt securities or other instruments issued by
VIEs. The Company generally considers such involvement, by itself, “not
significant.”

195

     Citigroup’s involvement with QSPEs and consolidated and unconsolidated
VIEs with which the Company holds significant variable interests as of December
31, 2009 and 2008 is presented below:

 In millions of
 dollars

As of December 31,
 2009

Maximum exposure to loss in
 significant

unconsolidated
VIEs

 (1)

Funded
 exposures

 (2)

Unfunded exposures

 (3)

Total

involvement

Significant

Guarantees

with SPE

QSPE

Consolidated

unconsolidated

Debt

Equity

Funding

and

assets

assets

VIE assets

VIE assets 

 (4)

investments

investments

commitments

derivatives

 Citicorp

 Credit card securitizations

$

78,833

$

78,833

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

 Mortgage securitizations

81,953

81,953

—

—

—

—

—

—

 Citi-administered 

  asset-backed

 commercial paper
       conduits 
(ABCP)

22,648

—

—

22,648

70

—

22,204

374

 Third-party
 commercial

       paper 
conduits

3,718

—

—

3,718

—

—

353

—

 Collateralized
 debt       obligations 

(CDOs)

2,785

—

—

2,785

21

—

—

—

 Collateralized
 loan

       obligations 
(CLOs)

5,409

—

—

5,409

120

—

—

—

 Asset-based financing

19,612

—

1,279

18,333

4,469

44

549

159

 Municipal securities
 tender

        option bond

  trusts
 (TOBs)

19,455

705

9,623

9,127

—

—

6,304

537

 Municipal investments

225

—

11

214

206

13

18

—

 Client intermediation

8,607

—

2,749

5,858

881

—

—

—

 Investment funds

93

—

39

54

9

—

—

1

 Trust preferred
securities

19,345

—

—

19,345

—

128

—

—

 Other

7,380

1,808

1,838

3,734

365

—

33

48

 Total

$

270,063

$

163,299

$

15,539

$

91,225

$

6,141

$

185

$

29,461

$

1,119

 Citi
 Holdings

 Credit card
 securitizations

$

42,274

$

42,274

$

 —

$

—

$

 —

$

—

$

 —

$

—

 Mortgage securitizations

491,500

491,500

—

—

—

—

—

—

 Student loan
 securitizations

14,343

14,343

—

—

—

—

—

—

 Citi-administered

 asset-backed

 commercial paper 

 conduits 
(ABCP)

13,777

—

98

13,679

—

—

13,660

18

 Third-party
 commercial

       paper 
conduits

5,776

—

—

5,776

187

—

252

—

 Collateralized
 debt

       obligations 
(CDOs)

24,157

—

7,614

16,543

930

—

—

228

 Collateralized
 loan

       obligations 
(CLOs)

13,515

—

142

13,373

1,357

—

19

282

 Asset-based financing

52,598

—

370

52,228

17,006

68

1,311

—

 Municipal securities

        tender option

  bond
 trusts (TOBs) 

1,999

—

1,999

—

—

—

—

—

 Municipal investments

16,045

—

882

15,163

85

2,037

386

—

 Client intermediation

675

—

230

445

43

—

—

353

 Investment funds

10,178

—

1,037

9,141

—

175

93

—

 Other

3,732

610

1,472

1,650

235

112

257

—

 Total

$

690,569

$

548,727

$

13,844

$

127,998

$

19,843

$

2,392

$

15,978

$

881

 Total Citigroup

$

960,632

$

712,026

$

29,383

$

219,223

$

25,984

$

2,577

$

45,439

$

2,000

 (1)

The definition of maximum exposure to loss is included in the text
 that follows.

 (2)

Included in Citigroup’s December 31, 2009 Consolidated Balance
 Sheet.

 (3)

Not included in Citigroup’s December 31, 2009 Consolidated Balance
 Sheet. See “Future Applications of Accounting Standards” in Note 1 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements for discussion of the impact of
 implementation of SFAS 166 and SFAS 167, which will cause the maximum
 exposure to loss in Significant unconsolidated VIEs to decrease
 significantly.

 (4)

A
 significant unconsolidated VIE is an entity where the Company has any
 variable interest considered to be significant, regardless of the
 likelihood of loss or the notional amount of
exposure.

196

 As of December 31,
 2009

 (continued)

In millions of
 dollars

As of December 31,
 2008

 (1)

 Total maximum
 exposure

Maximum exposure
to

 to loss in
 significant

Total

Significant

loss in
significant

 unconsolidated
VIEs

involvement

QSPE

Consolidated

unconsolidated VIE

unconsolidated

 (continued)

 (3)

with SPEs

assets

VIE assets

assets 

 (2)

VIE assets

 (3)

 $

—

$

78,254

$

78,254

$

 —

$

—

$

—

—

84,953

84,953

—

—

—

22,648

36,108

—

—

36,108

36,108

353

10,589

—

—

10,589

579

21

4,042

—

—

4,042

12

120

3,343

—

—

3,343

2

5,221

16,930

—

1,629

15,301

4,556

6,841

27,047

5,964

12,135

8,948

7,884

237

593

—

—

593

35

881

8,332

—

3,480

4,852

1,476

10

71

—

45

26

31

128

23,899

—

—

23,899

162

446

10,394

3,737

2,419

4,238

370

 $

36,906

$

304,555

$

172,908

$ 

19,708

$

111,939

$

51,215

 $

—

$

45,613

$

45,613

$

—

$

—

$

—

—

586,410

586,407

3

—

—

—

15,650

15,650

—

—

—

13,678

23,527

—

—

23,527

23,527

439

10,166

—

—

10,166

820

1,158

26,018

—

11,466

14,552

1,461

1,658

19,610

—

122

19,488

1,680

18,385

85,224

—

2,218

83,006

23,676

—

3,024

540

2,484

—

—

2,508

16,545

—

866

15,679

2,915

396

1,132

—

331

801

61

268

10,330

—

2,084

8,246

158

604

9,472

1,014

4,306

4,152

892

 $

39,094

$

852,721

$

649,224

$

23,880

$

179,617

$

55,190

 $

76,000

$

1,157,276

$

822,132

$

43,588

$

291,556

$

106,405

 (1)

Reclassified to conform to the current period’s
 presentation.

 (2)

A
 significant unconsolidated VIE is an entity where the Company has any
 variable interest considered to be significant, regardless of the
 likelihood of loss or the notional amount of exposure.

 (3)

The definition of maximum exposure to loss is included in the text
 that follows.

197

      This table does not include: 

 certain venture capital investments made by some of the Company’s private
 equity subsidiaries, as the Company accounts for these investments in
 accordance with the Investment Company Audit Guide;

certain limited partnerships where the Company is the general partner and
 the limited partners have the right to replace the general partner or
 liquidate the funds;

certain investment funds for which the Company provides investment
 management services and personal estate trusts for which the Company provides
 administrative, trustee and/or investment management services;

VIEs structured by third parties where the Company holds securities in
 inventory. These investments are made on arm’s-length terms; and

transferred assets to a VIE where the transfer did not qualify as a sale
 and where the Company did not have any other involvement that is deemed to be
 a variable interest with the VIE. These transfers are accounted for as secured
 borrowings by the Company. 

     The asset balances for consolidated VIEs represent the carrying amounts
of the assets consolidated by the Company. The carrying amount may represent the
amortized cost or the current fair value of the assets depending on the legal
form of the asset (e.g., security or loan) and the Company’s standard accounting
policies for the asset type and line of business. 

 Funding Commitments for Significant Unconsolidated VIEs—Liquidity
Facilities and Loan
Commitments

The following table presents the notional
amount of liquidity facilities and loan commitments that are classified as
funding commitments in the SPE table as of December 31,
2009:

      The asset balances for unconsolidated VIEs where the Company has
significant involvement represent the most current information available to the
Company. In most cases, the asset balances represent an amortized cost basis
without regard to impairments in fair value, unless fair value information is
readily available to the Company. For VIEs that obtain asset exposures
synthetically through derivative instruments (for example, synthetic CDOs), the
table includes the full original notional amount of the derivative as an
asset.

The maximum funded exposure represents the balance sheet carrying amount
of the Company’s investment in the VIE. It reflects the initial amount of cash
invested in the VIE plus any accrued interest and is adjusted for any
impairments in value recognized in earnings and any cash principal payments
received. The maximum exposure of unfunded positions represents the remaining
undrawn committed amount, including liquidity and credit facilities provided by
the Company, or the notional amount of a derivative instrument considered to be
a variable interest, adjusted for any declines in fair value recognized in
earnings. In certain transactions, the Company has entered into derivative
instruments or other arrangements that are not considered variable interests in
the VIE (e.g., interest rate swaps, cross-currency swaps, or where the Company
is the purchaser of credit protection under a credit default swap or total
return swap where the Company pays the total return on certain assets to the
SPE). Receivables under such arrangements are not included in the maximum
exposure amounts.

 In millions of
 dollars

Liquidity
 Facilities

Loan
Commitments

 Citicorp

 Citi-administered asset-backed commercial paper conduits
 (ABCP)

$

20,486

$

1,718

 Third-party commercial paper
 conduits

353

—

 Asset-based financing

—

549

 Municipal securities tender option
 bond trusts (TOBs)

6,304

—

 Municipal investments

—

18

 Other

10

23

 Total Citicorp

$

27,153

$

2,308

 Citi
 Holdings

 Citi-administered asset-backed commercial paper conduits
 (ABCP)

$

11,978

$

1,682

 Third-party commercial paper
 conduits

252

—

 Collateralized loan obligations (CLOs)

—

19

 Asset-based financing

—

1,311

 Municipal investments

—

386

 Investment Funds

—

93

 Other

—

257

 Total Citi
Holdings

$

12,230

$

3,748

 Total Citigroup funding
 commitments

$

39,383

$

6,056

198

 Citicorp’s Consolidated VIEs—Balance Sheet
Classification

The following table presents the carrying amounts and classifications of
consolidated assets that are collateral for consolidated VIE obligations:

December 31,

December 31,

 In billions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Cash

$

 —

$ 

0.7

 Trading account assets

3.7

4.3

 Investments

9.8

12.5

 Loans

0.1

0.5

 Other
 assets

1.9

1.7

 Total assets of consolidated
 VIEs

$

15.5

$

19.7

The following table
presents the carrying amounts and classification of the third-party liabilities
of the consolidated VIEs:

December 31,

December 31,

 In billions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Short-term borrowings

$

9.5

$

14.2

 Long-term debt

4.6

5.6

 Other
 liabilities

0.1

0.9

 Total liabilities of consolidated
 VIEs

$

14.2

$

20.7

Citi Holdings’ Consolidated VIEs—Balance Sheet Classification

The following
table presents the carrying amounts and classifications of consolidated assets
that are collateral for consolidated VIE obligations: 

December 31,

December 31,

 In billions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Cash

$

0.7

$ 

1.2

 Trading account assets

9.5

16.6

 Investments

2.7

3.3

 Loans

0.4

2.1

 Other
 assets

0.5

0.7

 Total assets of consolidated
 VIEs

$

13.8

$

23.9

The following table
presents the carrying amounts and classification of the third-party liabilities
of the consolidated VIEs: 

December 31,

December 31,

 In billions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Trading account
 liabilities

$

0.2

$ 

0.5

 Short-term borrowings

2.6

2.8

 Long-term debt

0.3

1.2

 Other
 liabilities

1.3

2.1

 Total liabilities of consolidated
 VIEs

$

4.4

$

6.6

      The consolidated VIEs included in the tables above represent hundreds of
separate entities with which the Company is involved. In general, the
third-party investors in the obligations of consolidated VIEs have legal
recourse only to the assets of the VIEs and do not have such recourse to the
Company, except where the Company has provided a guarantee to the investors or
is the counterparty to certain derivative transactions involving the VIE. In
addition, the assets are generally restricted only to pay such liabilities.
Thus, the Company’s maximum legal exposure to loss related to consolidated VIEs
is significantly less than the carrying value of the consolidated VIE assets due
to outstanding third-party financing. Intercompany assets and liabilities are
excluded from the table. 

Citicorp’s Significant Interests in Unconsolidated VIEs—Balance Sheet
Classification 

The following tables present the carrying amounts and classification of
significant interests in unconsolidated VIEs:

December 31,

December 31,

 In billions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Trading account assets

$

3.2

$ 

1.9

 Investments

0.2

0.2

 Loans

2.3

3.5

 Other
 assets

0.5

0.4

 Total assets of
 significant

        interests in unconsolidated
 VIEs

$

6.2

$

6.0

December 31,

December 31,

 In billions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Long-term
 debt

$

0.5

$

0.4

 Total liabilities of
 significant

        interests in unconsolidated
 VIEs

$

0.5

$

0.4

Citi Holdings’ Significant Interests in Unconsolidated VIEs—Balance Sheet
Classification

The following tables
present the carrying amounts and classification of significant interests in
unconsolidated VIEs:

December 31,

December 31,

 In billions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Trading account assets

$

3.1

$ 

4.4

 Investments

9.1

10.8

 Loans

10.5

12.4

 Other
 assets

0.1

—

 Total assets of
 significant

    interests in unconsolidated
 VIEs

$

22.8

$

27.6

December 31,

December 31,

 In billions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Trading account
 liabilities

$

—

$ 

0.2

 Other
 liabilities

0.4

0.6

 Total liabilities of
 significant

    interests in unconsolidated
 VIEs

$

0.4

$

0.8

199

 Credit Card Securitizations

The Company securitizes credit card
receivables through trusts that are established to purchase the receivables.
Citigroup sells receivables into the QSPE trusts on a non-recourse basis. Credit
card securitizations are revolving securitizations; that is, as customers pay
their credit card balances, the cash proceeds are used to purchase new
receivables and replenish the receivables in the trust. The Company relies on
securitizations to fund a significant portion of its managed North America

 Cards
business. 

 The following table
reflects amounts related to the Company’s securitized credit card receivables:

Citicorp

Citi Holdings

 In billions of dollars at December
 31

2009

2008

2009

2008

 Principal
 amount of credit card receivables in trusts

$

78.8

$

78.3

$

42.3

$

45.7

 Ownership interests in principal amount of trust credit card
 receivables

        Sold to investors via
 trust-issued securities

66.5

68.2

28.2

30.0

        Retained by Citigroup as
 trust-issued securities

5.0

1.2

10.1

5.4

        Retained by Citigroup via
 non-certificated interests recorded as consumer loans

7.3

8.9

4.0

10.3

 Total ownership interests in
 principal amount of trust credit card receivables

$

78.8

$

78.3

$

42.3

$

45.7

 Other amounts recorded on the
 balance sheet related to interests retained in the trusts

        Other retained interests in
 securitized assets

$

1.4

$

1.2

$

1.6

$

2.0

  Residual interest in
 securitized assets (1)

0.3

0.3

1.2

1.4

        Amounts payable to trusts

1.2

1.0

0.8

0.7

 (1)

2009 balances include net unbilled interest of $0.3 billion for
 Citicorp and $0.4 billion for Citi Holdings. December 31, 2008 balances
 included net unbilled interest of $0.3 billion for Citicorp and $0.3
 billion for Citi Holdings.

 Credit Card Securitizations—Citicorp

In the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and
2007, the Company recorded net gains (losses) from securitization of Citicorp’s
credit card receivables of $349 million, $(1,007) million and $416 million,
respectively. Net gains (losses) reflect the following:

 incremental gains (losses) from new securitizations;

the reversal of the allowance for loan losses associated with receivables
 sold;

net gains on replenishments of the trust assets offset by
 other-than-temporary impairments; and

changes in fair value for the portion of the residual interest classified
 as trading assets. 

     The
following table summarizes selected cash flow information related to Citicorp’s
credit card securitizations for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and
2007: 

 In billions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Proceeds from new
 securitizations

$

16.3

$

11.8

$

19.3

 Proceeds from collections reinvested in

        new receivables

144.4

165.6

176.7

 Contractual servicing fees
 received

1.3

1.3

1.2

 Cash flows received on retained

        interests
 and other net cash flows

3.1

3.9

5.1

      As of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, the residual interest in
securitized credit card receivables was valued at $0 for Citicorp. Considering
the residual interest was written down to $0 at December 31, 2008, key
assumptions used in measuring its fair value at the date of sale or
securitization are not provided for 2009, but are provided for 2008. The below
table reflects these assumptions:

2009

2008

 Discount rate

N/A

13.3% to 17.4

%

 Constant prepayment rate

N/A

5.8% to 21.1

%

 Anticipated
 net credit losses

N/A

4.7% to
 7.4 

%

     At December 31, 2009, the sensitivity of the fair value to adverse
changes of 10% and 20% in each of the key assumptions were as
follows:

Other

Residual

Retained

retained

 In millions of
 dollars

interest

certificates

interests

 Carrying value of retained
 interests

$

—

$

5,008

$

1,650

 Discount rates

        Adverse change of
10%

$

—

$

(4

)

$

(1

)

        Adverse change of
20%

—

(8

)

(2

)

 Constant prepayment rate

        Adverse change of
10%

$

—

$

—

$

—

        Adverse change of
20%

—

—

—

 Anticipated net credit losses

        Adverse change of
10%

$

—

$

—

$

(35

)

        Adverse change of
20%

—

—

(69

)

200

 Managed
Loans—Citicorp

After
securitization of credit card receivables, the Company continues to maintain
credit card customer account relationships and provides servicing for
receivables transferred to the trusts. As a result, the Company considers the
securitized credit card receivables to be part of the business it
manages.

     Managed-basis (Managed) presentations are non-GAAP financial measures.
Managed presentations include results from both the on-balance-sheet loans and
off-balance-sheet loans, and exclude the impact of card securitization activity.
Managed presentations assume that securitized loans have not been sold and
present the results of the securitized loans in the same manner as Citigroup's
owned loans. Citigroup’s management believes that Managed presentations provide
a greater understanding of ongoing operations and enhance comparability of those
results in prior periods as well as demonstrating the effects of unusual gains
and charges in the current period. Management further believes that a meaningful
analysis of the Company’s financial performance requires an understanding of the
factors underlying that performance and that investors find it useful to see
these non-GAAP financial measures to analyze financial performance without the
impact of unusual items that may obscure trends in Citigroup’s underlying
performance.

The following tables present a reconciliation
between the Managed basis and on-balance-sheet credit card portfolios and the
related delinquencies (loans which are 90 days or more past due) and credit
losses, net of recoveries. 

 In millions of dollars,
 except

December 31,

December 31,

 loans in billions

2009

2008

 Loan amounts, at period
 end

 On balance sheet

$

44.0

$

45.5

 Securitized
 amounts

71.6

69.5

 Total managed
loans

$

115.6

$

115.0

 Delinquencies, at period
 end

 On balance sheet

$

1,146

$

1,126

 Securitized
 amounts

1,902

1,543

 Total managed
 delinquencies

$

3,048

$

2,669

 Credit losses, net

 of recoveries, for the

 years ended December
 31,

2009

  2008

2007

 On balance sheet

$

3,841

$

2,866

$

1,921

 Securitized
 amounts

6,932

4,300

2,733

 Total managed

$

10,773

$

7,166

$

4,654

 Credit Card Securitizations—Citi Holdings

The Company recorded net gains (losses) from
securitization of Citi Holdings’ credit card receivables of $(586) million,
$(527) million, and $668 million for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and
2007, respectively.

The following table summarizes selected cash
flow information related to Citi Holdings’ credit card securitizations for the
years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007: 

 In billions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Proceeds from new
 securitizations

$

29.4

$

16.9

$

17.0

 Proceeds from collections reinvested

 in new receivables

46.0

49.1

41.3

 Contractual servicing fees
 received

0.7

0.7

0.9

 Cash flows received on retained

        interests and other net cash
 flows

2.6

3.3

2.5

     Key assumptions used in measuring the fair value of the residual interest
at the date of sale or securitization of Citi Holdings’ credit card receivables
for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, are as follows:

December 31,

December 31,

2009

2008

 Discount rate

19.7

%

16.8% to 20.9

%

 Constant prepayment rate

6.0% to 11.0

%

6.4% to 12.4

% 

 Anticipated
 net credit losses

9.9% to 13.2

%

6.6% to
 9.9

% 

     The constant prepayment rate assumption range reflects the projected
payment rates over the life of a credit card balance, excluding new card
purchases. This results in a high payment in the early life of the securitized
balances followed by a much lower payment rate, which is depicted in the
disclosed range. 

The effect of two negative changes in each of
the key assumptions used to determine the fair value of retained interests is
required to be disclosed. The negative effect of each change must be calculated
independently, holding all other assumptions constant. Because the key
assumptions may not in fact be independent, the net effect of simultaneous
adverse changes in the key assumptions may be less than the sum of the
individual effects shown below. 

201

      At December 31, 2009, the key assumptions used to value retained
interests and the sensitivity of the fair value to adverse changes of 10% and
20% in each of the key assumptions were as follows: 

2009

 Discount rate

19.7

%

 Constant prepayment rate

6.2% to 10.8

%

 Anticipated net credit
 losses

13.0

%

 Weighted average
 life

11.6 months

Other

Residual

Retained

retained

 In millions of
 dollars

interest

certificates

interests

 Carrying value of retained
 interests

$

786

$

9,995

$

2,024

 Discount rates

        Adverse change of
10%

$

(42

)

$

(10

)

$

(6

)

        Adverse change of
20%

(83

)

(20

)

(12

)

 Constant prepayment rate

        Adverse change of
10%

$

(49

)

$

—

$

—

        Adverse change of
20%

(93

)

—

—

 Anticipated net credit
 losses

        Adverse change of
10%

$

(361

)

$

—

$

(48

)

        Adverse change of
20%

(715

)

—

(95

)

Managed Loans—Citi
Holdings

After
securitization of credit card receivables, the Company continues to maintain
credit card customer account relationships and provides servicing for
receivables transferred to the trusts. As a result, the Company considers the
securitized credit card receivables to be part of the business it
manages. 

Managed-basis (Managed) presentations are
non-GAAP financial measures. Managed presentations include results from both the
on-balance-sheet loans and off-balance-sheet loans, and exclude the impact of
card securitization activity. Managed presentations assume that securitized
loans have not been sold and present the results of the securitized loans in the
same manner as Citigroup’s owned loans. Citigroup’s management believes that
Managed presentations provide a greater understanding of ongoing operations and
enhance comparability of those results in prior periods as well as demonstrating
the effects of unusual gains and charges in the current period. Management
further believes that a meaningful analysis of the Company’s financial
performance requires an understanding of the factors underlying that performance
and that investors find it useful to see these non-GAAP financial measures to
analyze financial performance without the impact of unusual items that may
obscure trends in Citigroup’s underlying performance.

      The following tables present a reconciliation between the Managed basis
and on-balance-sheet credit card portfolios and the related delinquencies (loans
which are 90 days or more past due) and credit losses, net of
recoveries.

December 31, 

December 31,

 In millions of dollars, except
 loans in billions

2009

2008

 Loan amounts, at period
 end

 On balance sheet

$

27.0

$

42.0

 Securitized
 amounts

38.8

36.4

 Total managed
loans

$

65.8

$

78.4

 Delinquencies, at period
 end

 On balance sheet

$

1,250

$

1,364

 Securitized
 amounts

1,326

1,112

 Total managed
 delinquencies

$

2,576

$

2,476

 Credit losses, net of
 recoveries,

 for the year ended December
 31,

2009

2008

2007

 On balance sheet

$

4,540

$

3,052

$

1,956

 Securitized
 amounts

4,590

3,107

1,995

 Total managed credit
 losses

$

9,130

$

6,159

$

3,951

Funding, Liquidity Facilities and
Subordinated Interests

Citigroup securitizes credit card receivables through three
securitization trusts—Citibank Credit Card Master Trust (“Master Trust”), which
is part of Citicorp, and the Citibank OMNI Master Trust (“Omni Trust”) and
Broadway Credit Card Trust (“Broadway Trust”), which are part of Citi
Holdings.

Master Trust issues fixed- and floating-rate
term notes as well as commercial paper. Some of the term notes are issued to
multi-seller commercial paper conduits. In 2009, the Master Trust has issued
$4.3 billion of notes that are eligible for the Term Asset-Backed Securities
Loan Facility (TALF) program, where investors can borrow from the Federal
Reserve using the trust securities as collateral. The weighted average maturity
of the term notes issued by the Master Trust was 3.6 years as of December 31,
2009 and 3.8 years as of December 31, 2008.

202

 Master
Trust liabilities

December 31,

December 31,

 In billions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Term notes issued to

        multi-seller CP
 conduits

$

0.8

$

1.0

 Term notes issued to other

        third parties

51.2

56.2

 Term notes retained by

        Citigroup affiliates

5.0

1.2

 Commercial
 paper

14.5

11.0

 Total Master Trust

        liabilities

$

71.5

$

69.4

     Both Omni and Broadway Trusts issue fixed- and floating-rate term notes,
some of which are purchased by multi-seller commercial paper conduits. The Omni
Trust also issues commercial paper. From time to time, a portion of the Omni
Trust commercial paper has been purchased by the Federal Reserve's Commercial
Paper Funding Facility (CPFF). In addition, some of the multi-seller conduits
that hold Omni Trust term notes have placed commercial paper with CPFF. The
total amount of Omni Trust liabilities funded directly or indirectly through the
CPFF was $2.5 billion at December 31, 2009 and $6.9 billion at December 31,
2008.

The weighted average maturity of the third-party term notes issued by the
Omni Trust was 2.0 years as of December 31, 2009 and 0.5 years as of December
31, 2008. The weighted average maturity of the third-party term notes issued by
the Broadway Trust was 2.5 years as of December 31, 2009 and 3.3 years as of
December 31, 2008.

 Omni Trust
liabilities

December 31,

December 31,

 In billions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Term notes issued to
 multi-

        seller commercial
 paper

        conduits

$

13.1

$

17.8

 Term notes issued to other

        third parties

9.2

2.3

 Term notes retained by

        Citigroup affiliates

9.8

5.1

 Commercial
 paper

4.4

8.5

 Total Omni Trust

        liabilities

$

36.5

$

33.7

Broadway Trust
liabilities

December 31,

December 31,

 In billions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Term notes issued to
 multi-

        seller commercial
 paper

        conduits

$

0.5

$

0.4

 Term notes issued to other

        third parties

1.0

1.0

 Term notes retained by

        Citigroup affiliates

0.3

0.3

 Total Broadway
 Trust

        liabilities

$

1.8

$

1.7

203

      Citibank (South Dakota), N.A. is the sole provider of full liquidity
facilities to the commercial paper programs of the Master and Omni Trusts. Both
of these facilities, which represent contractual obligations on the part of
Citibank (South Dakota), N.A. to provide liquidity for the issued commercial
paper, are made available on market terms to each of the trusts. The liquidity
facilities require Citibank (South Dakota), N.A. to purchase the commercial
paper issued by each trust at maturity, if the commercial paper does not roll
over, as long as there are available credit enhancements outstanding, typically
in the form of subordinated notes. The liquidity commitment related to the Omni
Trust commercial paper programs amounted to $4.4 billion at December 31, 2009
and $8.5 billion at December 31, 2008. The liquidity commitment related to the
Master Trust commercial paper program amounted to $14.5 billion at December 31,
2009 and $11.0 billion at December 31, 2008. As of December 31, 2009 and
December 31, 2008, none of the Master Trust or Omni Trust liquidity commitments
were drawn.

In addition, Citibank (South Dakota), N.A.
provides liquidity to a third-party, non-consolidated multi-seller commercial
paper conduit, which is not a VIE. The commercial paper conduit has acquired
notes issued by the Omni Trust. Citibank (South Dakota), N.A. provides the
liquidity facility on market terms. Citibank (South Dakota), N.A. will be
required to act in its capacity as liquidity provider as long as there are
available credit enhancements outstanding and if: (1) the conduit is unable to
roll over its maturing commercial paper; or (2) Citibank (South Dakota), N.A.
loses its A-1/P-1 credit rating. The liquidity commitment to the third-party
conduit was $2.5 billion at December 31, 2009 and $3.6 billion at December 31,
2008. As of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, none of this liquidity
commitment was drawn.

During the first half of 2009, all three of
Citigroup’s primary credit card securitization trusts—Master Trust, Omni Trust,
and Broadway Trust—had bonds placed on ratings watch with negative implications
by rating agencies. As a result of the ratings watch status, certain actions
were taken by Citi with respect to each of the trusts. In general, the actions
subordinated certain senior interests in the trust assets that were retained by
Citi, which effectively placed these interests below investor interests in terms
of priority of payment.

As a result of these actions, based on the
applicable regulatory capital rules, Citigroup began including the sold assets
for all three of the credit card securitization trusts in its risk-weighted
assets for purposes of calculating its risk-based capital ratios during 2009.
The increase in risk-weighted 

 assets occurred in the
quarter during 2009 in which the respective actions took place. The effect of
these changes increased Citigroup’s risk-weighted assets by approximately $82
billion, and decreased Citigroup’s Tier 1 Capital ratio by approximately 100
basis points each as of March 31, 2009, with respect to the Master and Omni
Trusts. The inclusion of the Broadway Trust increased Citigroup’s risk-weighted
assets by an additional approximately $900 million at June 30, 2009. All bond
ratings for each of the trusts have been affirmed by the rating agencies, and no
downgrades have occurred as of December 31, 2009.

Mortgage
Securitizations

The Company provides a wide range of mortgage loan products to a diverse
customer base. In connection with the securitization of these loans, the
Company’s U.S. Consumer mortgage business retains the servicing rights, which
entitles the Company to a future stream of cash flows based on the outstanding
principal balances of the loans and the contractual servicing fee. Failure to
service the loans in accordance with contractual requirements may lead to a
termination of the servicing rights and the loss of future servicing fees. In
non-recourse servicing, the principal credit risk to the Company is the cost of
temporary advances of funds. In recourse servicing, the servicer agrees to share
credit risk with the owner of the mortgage loans, such as FNMA or FHLMC, or with
a private investor, insurer or guarantor. Losses on recourse servicing occur
primarily when foreclosure sale proceeds of the property underlying a defaulted
mortgage loan are less than the outstanding principal balance and accrued
interest of the loan and the cost of holding and disposing of the underlying
property. The Company’s mortgage loan securitizations are primarily
non-recourse, thereby effectively transferring the risk of future credit losses
to the purchasers of the securities issued by the trust. 
Securities and Banking

 and 
Special Asset Pool

 retain servicing for a limited number of
their mortgage securitizations.

The Company’s Consumer business provides a
wide range of mortgage loan products to its customers. Once originated, the
Company often securitizes these loans through the use of QSPEs. These QSPEs are
funded through the issuance of Trust Certificates backed solely by the
transferred assets. These certificates have the same average life as the
transferred assets. In addition to providing a source of liquidity and less
expensive funding, securitizing these assets also reduces the Company’s credit
exposure to the borrowers. These mortgage loan securitizations are primarily
non-recourse. However, the Company generally retains the servicing rights and in
certain instances retains investment securities, interest-only strips and
residual interests in future cash flows from the trusts.

204

Mortgage
Securitizations—Citicorp

The following tables summarize selected cash
flow information related to mortgage securitizations for the years ended
December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007:

2009

2008

2007

Agency- and

Agency- and

U.S. agency-

Non-agency-

non-agency-

non-agency-

sponsored

sponsored

sponsored

sponsored

 In billions of
 dollars

mortgages

mortgages

mortgages

mortgages

 Proceeds from new
 securitizations

       $

12.1

           $

3.6

           $

6.3

 $

40.1

 Contractual servicing fees received

—

—

—

—

 Cash flows
 received on retained interests and other net cash flows

0.1

—

0.2

0.3

      Gains (losses) recognized on the securitization of U.S. agency-sponsored
mortgages during 2009 were $(2) million. For the year ended December 31, 2009,
gains (losses) recognized on the securitization of non-agency-sponsored
mortgages were $20 million.

Agency and non-agency securitization gains
(losses) for the years ended December 31, 2008 and 2007 were $(15) million and
$145 million, respectively. 

Key assumptions used in measuring the fair value of retained interests at
the date of sale or securitization of mortgage receivables for the years ended
December 31, 2009 and 2008 are as follows: 

December 31, 2009

December 31,
 2008

U.S. agency-

Non-agency-

Agency- and non-agency-

sponsored
mortgages

sponsored
mortgages

sponsored
 mortgages

 Discount rate

0.6% to 46.9

%

0.4% to 52.2

%

5.1% to 39.4

%

 Constant prepayment rate

0.5% to 60.3

%

2.0% to 31.3

%

2.0% to 18.2

%

 Anticipated
 net credit losses

—

6.0% to 85.0

%

40.0% to
 85.0

%

      The range in the key assumptions for retained interests in 
Securities and Banking

 is due to the different characteristics of the interests retained by the
Company. The interests retained by 
Securities and Banking

 range from highly rated and/or senior in the capital structure to
unrated and/or residual interests.

The effect of adverse changes of 10% and 20%
in each of the key assumptions used to determine the fair value of retained
interests is disclosed below. The negative effect of each change is calculated
independently, holding all other assumptions constant. Because the key
assumptions may not in fact be independent, the net effect of simultaneous
adverse changes in the key assumptions may be less than the sum of the
individual effects shown below.

      At December 31, 2009, the key assumptions used to value retained
interests and the sensitivity of the fair value to adverse changes of 10% and
20% in each of the key assumptions were as follows: 

December 31, 2009

U.S. agency-

Non-agency-

sponsored

sponsored

mortgages

mortgages

 Discount rate

0.8% to 46.9

%

1.4% to 39.2

%

 Constant prepayment rate

0.5% to 60.3

%

3.0% to 30.7

%

 Anticipated
 net credit losses

N/A

50.0% to 80.0

%

 N/A Not applicable

U.S. agency-

Non-agency-

sponsored

sponsored

 In millions of
 dollars

mortgages

mortgages

 Carrying value of retained
 interests

$

651

$

624

 Discount rates

        Adverse change of
10%

$

(9

)

$

(17

)

        Adverse change of
20%

(17

)

(33

)

 Constant prepayment rate

        Adverse change of
10%

$

(10

)

$

(3

)

        Adverse change of
20%

(15

)

(6

)

 Anticipated net credit losses

        Adverse change of
10%

$

—

$

(32

)

        Adverse change of
20%

—

(60

)

205

Mortgage Securitizations—Citi
Holdings

The following tables summarize selected cash flow information related to
mortgage securitizations for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007:

2009

2008

2007

Agency- and

Agency- and

U.S. agency-

Non-agency-

non-agency-

non-agency-

sponsored

sponsored

sponsored

sponsored

 In billions of
 dollars

mortgages

mortgages

mortgages

mortgages

 Proceeds from new
 securitizations

$

70.1

$

—

$

81.7

$

107.2

 Contractual servicing fees received

1.3

0.1

1.4

1.7

 Cash flows
 received on retained interests and other net cash flows

0.3

0.1

0.7

0.3

      The Company did not recognize gains (losses) on the securitization of
U.S. agency- and non-agency-sponsored mortgages in the year ended December 31,
2009. There were gains from the securitization of agency- and
non-agency-sponsored mortgages of $73 million and $(27) million in the years
ended December 31, 2008 and 2007, respectively.

     Key assumptions used in measuring
the fair value of retained interests at the date of sale or securitization of
mortgage receivables for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 are as
follows: 

2009

2008

U.S. agency-

Non-agency-

Agency- and non-agency-

sponsored
mortgages

sponsored
mortgages

sponsored
 mortgages

 Discount rate

7.9% to 15.0

%

N/A

4.5% to 18.2

%

 Constant prepayment rate

2.8% to 18.2

%

N/A

3.6% to 32.9

%

 Anticipated
 net credit losses

0.0% to 0.1

%

N/A

—

 N/A Not applicable

      The range in the key assumptions for retained interests in 
Special Asset Pool

and 
Local Consumer Lending

 is due to the different characteristics of
the interests retained by the Company. The interests retained by 
Securities and Banking

 range from highly rated and/or senior in the capital structure to
unrated and/or residual interests.

The effect of adverse changes of 10% and 20%
in each of the key assumptions used to determine the fair value of retained
interests is disclosed below. The negative effect of each change is calculated
independently, holding all other assumptions constant. Because the key
assumptions may not in fact be independent, the net effect of simultaneous
adverse changes in the key assumptions may be less than the sum of the
individual effects shown below.

At December 31, 2009, the key assumptions used
to value retained interests and the sensitivity of the fair value to adverse
changes of 10% and 20% in each of the key assumptions were as
follows:

December 31, 2009

U.S. agency-

Non-agency-

sponsored

sponsored

mortgages

mortgages

 Discount rate

11.9

%

1.4% to 44.1

%

 Constant prepayment rate

12.6

%

5.0% to 32.8

%

 Anticipated net credit
 losses

0.1

%

0.3% to 70.0

%

 Weighted average
 life

6.5 years

0.1 to 9.4 years

U.S. agency-

Non-agency-

sponsored

sponsored

 In millions of
 dollars

mortgages

mortgages

 Carrying value of retained
 interests

$

6,273

$

992

 Discount rates

        Adverse change of
10%

$

(227

)

$

(38

)

        Adverse change of
20%

(439

)

(74

)

 Constant prepayment rate

        Adverse change of
10%

$

(322

)

$

(41

)

        Adverse change of
20%

(622

)

(83

)

 Anticipated net credit losses

        Adverse change of
10%

$

(12

)

$

(45

)

        Adverse change of
20%

(25

)

(88

)

206

 Mortgage
Servicing Rights

The fair value of capitalized mortgage servicing rights (MSRs) was $6.5
billion and $5.7 billion at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The MSRs
correspond to principal loan balances of $555 billion and $662 billion as of
December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The following table summarizes the
changes in capitalized MSRs for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008:

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Balance, beginning of
 year

$

5,657

$

8,380

 Originations

1,035

1,311

 Purchases

—

1

 Changes in fair value of MSRs due to changes

        in inputs and
 assumptions

1,546

(2,682

)

 Transfer to 
Trading account
 assets

—

(163

)

 Other changes
 (1)

(1,708

)

(1,190

)

 Balance, end
 of year

$

6,530

$

5,657

(1)       Represents changes due to
customer payments and passage of time. 

     The market for MSRs is not sufficiently liquid to provide participants
with quoted market prices. Therefore, the Company uses an option-adjusted spread
valuation approach to determine the fair value of MSRs. This approach consists
of projecting servicing cash flows under multiple interest rate scenarios and
discounting these cash flows using risk-adjusted discount rates. The key
assumptions used in the valuation of MSRs include mortgage prepayment speeds and
discount rates. The model assumptions and the MSRs’ fair value estimates are
compared to observable trades of similar MSR portfolios and interest-only
security portfolios, as available, as well as to MSR broker valuations and
industry surveys. The cash flow model and underlying prepayment and interest
rate models used to value these MSRs are subject to validation in accordance
with the Company’s model validation
policies.

The fair value of the MSRs is primarily
affected by changes in prepayments that result from shifts in mortgage interest
rates. In managing this risk, the Company economically hedges a significant
portion of the value of its MSRs through the use of interest rate derivative
contracts, forward purchase commitments of mortgage-backed securities and
purchased securities classified as
trading.

The Company receives fees during the course of
servicing previously securitized mortgages. The amounts of these fees for the
years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007 were as follows: 

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Servicing fees

$

1,635

$

2,121

$

1,683

 Late fees

93

123

90

 Ancillary fees

77

81

61

 Total MSR fees

$

1,805

$

2,325

$

1,834

     These fees are classified in the
Consolidated Statement of Income as 

Commissions and fees

. 

 Student Loan
Securitizations

Through the Company’s Local Consumer Lending business within Citi
Holdings, the Company maintains programs to securitize certain portfolios of
student loan assets. Under these securitization programs, transactions
qualifying as sales are off-balance-sheet transactions in which the loans are
removed from the Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and sold to a
QSPE. These QSPEs are funded through the issuance of pass-through term notes
collateralized solely by the trust assets. For these off-balance-sheet
securitizations, the Company generally retains interests in the form of
subordinated residual interests (i.e., interest-only strips) and servicing
rights.

Under terms of the trust arrangements, the Company has no obligations to
provide financial support and has not provided such support. A substantial
portion of the credit risk associated with the securitized loans has been
transferred to third-party guarantors or insurers either under the Federal
Family Education Loan Program, authorized by the U.S. Department of Education
under the Higher Education Act of 1965, as amended, or private credit
insurance.

The following tables summarize selected cash
flow information related to student loan securitizations for the years ended
December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007:

 In billions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Proceeds from new
 securitizations

$

—

$

2.0

$

2.9

 Contractual servicing fees
 received

0.1

0.1

0.1

 Cash flows received on retained
 interests and

    other net cash flows

0.2

0.1

0.1

     The Company did not recognize any gains or losses during 2009. The
Company recognized a gain of $1 million during the year ended December 31, 2008
and $71 million during the year ended December 31,
2007.

Key assumptions used in measuring the fair value of the residual interest
at the date of sale or securitization of Citi Holdings’ student loan receivables
for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, are as follows:

2009

2008

 Discount rate

N/A

10.6

%

 Constant prepayment rate

N/A

9.0

%

 Anticipated
 net credit losses

N/A

0.5

%

 N/A Not
 applicable

207

      At December 31, 2009, the key assumptions used to value retained
interests and the sensitivity of the fair value to adverse changes of 10% and
20% in each of the key assumptions were as follows:

Retained interests

 Discount rate

5.4% to 16.9

%

 Constant prepayment rate

0.2% to 4.4

%

 Anticipated net credit
 losses

0.3% to 0.9

%

 Weighted average
 life

4.2 to 10.3 years

 In millions of
 dollars

Retained interests

 Carrying value of retained
 interests

$

997

 Discount rates

        Adverse change of
10%

$

(29

)

        Adverse change of
20%

(57

)

 Constant prepayment rate

        Adverse change of
10%

$

(4

)

        Adverse change of
20%

(8

)

 Anticipated net credit losses

        Adverse change of
10%

$

(5

)

        Adverse change of
20%

(10

)

On-Balance-Sheet Securitizations—Citi
Holdings

The
Company engages in on-balance-sheet securitizations. These are securitizations
that do not qualify for sales treatment; thus, the assets remain on the
Company’s balance sheet. The following table presents the carrying amounts and
classification of consolidated assets and liabilities transferred in
transactions from the Consumer credit card, student loan, mortgage and auto
businesses, accounted for as secured borrowings:

December 31,

December 31,

 In billions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 Cash

$

0.7

$

0.3

 Available-for-sale securities

0.1

0.1

 Loans

24.8

7.5

 Allowance for loan losses

(0.2

)

(0.1

)

 Other

0.8

—

 Total assets

$

26.2

$

7.8

 Long-term debt

$

20.9

$

6.3

 Other
 liabilities

2.1

0.3

 Total liabilities

$

23.0

$

6.6

     All assets are restricted from being sold or pledged as collateral. The
cash flows from these assets are the only source used to pay down the associated
liabilities, which are non-recourse to the Company’s general assets.

 Citi-Administered Asset-Backed Commercial
Paper Conduits

The Company is active in the asset-backed commercial paper conduit
business as administrator of several multi-seller commercial paper conduits, and
also as a service provider to single-seller and other commercial paper conduits
sponsored by third parties.

The multi-seller commercial paper conduits are
designed to provide the Company’s customers access to low-cost funding in the
commercial paper markets. The conduits purchase assets from or provide financing
facilities to customers and are funded by issuing commercial paper to
third-party investors. The conduits generally do not purchase assets originated
by the Company. The funding of the conduit is facilitated by the liquidity
support and credit enhancements provided by the
Company.

As administrator to the conduits, the Company
is responsible for selecting and structuring assets purchased or financed by the
conduits, making decisions regarding the funding of the conduits, including
determining the tenor and other features of the commercial paper issued,
monitoring the quality and performance of the conduits’ assets, and facilitating
the operations and cash flows of the conduits. In return, the Company earns
structuring fees from customers for individual transactions and earns an
administration fee from the conduit, which is equal to the income from client
program and liquidity fees of the conduit after payment of interest costs and
other fees. This administration fee is fairly stable, since most risks and
rewards of the underlying assets are passed back to the customers and, once the
asset pricing is negotiated, most ongoing income, costs and fees are relatively
stable as a percentage of the conduit’s
size.

The conduits administered by the Company do not generally invest in
liquid securities that are formally rated by third parties. The assets are
privately negotiated and structured transactions that are designed to be held by
the conduit, rather than actively traded and sold. The yield earned by the
conduit on each asset is generally tied to the rate on the commercial paper
issued by the conduit, thus passing interest rate risk to the client. Each asset
purchased by the conduit is structured with transaction-specific credit
enhancement features provided by the third-party seller, including over
collateralization, cash and excess spread collateral accounts, direct recourse
or third-party guarantees. These credit enhancements are sized with the
objective of approximating a credit rating of A or above, based on the Company’s
internal risk ratings.

Substantially all of the funding of the
conduits is in the form of short-term commercial paper, with a weighted average
life generally ranging from 30 to 45 days. As of December 31, 2009 and December
31, 2008, the weighted average life of the commercial paper issued was
approximately 43 days and 37 days, respectively. In addition, the conduits have
issued subordinate loss notes and equity with a notional amount of approximately
$76 million and varying remaining tenors ranging from six months to six
years.

208

      The primary credit enhancement provided to the conduit investors is in
the form of transaction-specific credit enhancement described above. In
addition, there are generally two additional forms of credit enhancement that
protect the commercial paper investors from defaulting assets. First, the
subordinate loss notes issued by each conduit absorb any credit losses up to
their full notional amount. It is expected that the subordinate loss notes
issued by each unconsolidated conduit are sufficient to absorb a majority of the
expected losses from each conduit, thereby making the single investor in the
subordinate loss note the primary beneficiary. Second, each conduit has obtained
a letter of credit from the Company, which is generally 8–10% of the conduit’s
assets. The letters of credit provided by the Company total approximately $3.4
billion and are included in the Company’s maximum exposure to loss. The net
result across all multi-seller conduits administered by the Company is that, in
the event defaulted assets exceed the transaction-specific credit enhancement
described above, any losses in each conduit are allocated in the following
order: 

 subordinate loss note
 holders,

the Company, and

the commercial paper
 investors. 

     The Company also provides the conduits with two forms of liquidity
agreements that are used to provide funding to the conduits in the event of a
market disruption, among other events. Each asset of the conduit is supported by
a transaction-specific liquidity facility in the form of an asset purchase
agreement (APA). Under the APA, the Company has agreed to purchase non-defaulted
eligible receivables from the conduit at par. Any assets purchased under the APA
are subject to increased pricing. The APA is not designed to provide credit
support to the conduit, as it generally does not permit the purchase of
defaulted or impaired assets and generally reprices the assets purchased to
consider potential increased credit risk. The APA covers all assets in the
conduits and is considered in the Company’s maximum exposure to loss. In
addition, the Company provides the conduits with program-wide liquidity in the
form of short-term lending commitments. Under these commitments, the Company has
agreed to lend to the conduits in the event of a short-term disruption in the
commercial paper market, subject to specified conditions. The total notional
exposure under the program-wide liquidity agreement is $11.3 billion and is
considered in the Company’s maximum exposure to loss. The Company receives fees
for providing both types of liquidity agreement and considers these fees to be
on fair market terms.

Finally, the Company is one of several named
dealers in the commercial paper issued by the conduits and earns a market-based
fee for providing such services. Along with third-party dealers, the Company
makes a market in the commercial paper and may from time to time fund commercial
paper pending sale to a third party. On specific dates with less liquidity in
the market, the Company may hold in inventory commercial paper issued by

 conduits administered by
the Company, as well as conduits administered by third parties. The amount of
commercial paper issued by its administered conduits held in inventory
fluctuates based on market conditions and activity. As of December 31, 2009, the
Company owned $70 million of the commercial paper issued by its administered
conduits.

The Company is required to analyze the
expected variability of the conduit quantitatively to determine whether the
Company is the primary beneficiary of the conduit. The Company performs this
analysis on a quarterly basis. For conduits where the subordinate loss notes or
third-party guarantees are sufficient to absorb a majority of the expected loss
of the conduit, the Company does not consolidate. In circumstances where the
subordinate loss notes or third-party guarantees are insufficient to absorb a
majority of the expected loss, the Company consolidates the conduit as its
primary beneficiary due to the additional credit enhancement provided by the
Company. In conducting this analysis, the Company considers three primary
sources of variability in the conduit: credit risk, interest rate risk and fee
variability.

The Company models the credit risk of the
conduit’s assets using a Credit Value at Risk (C-VAR) model. The C-VAR model
considers changes in credit spreads (both within a rating class as well as due
to rating upgrades and downgrades), name-specific changes in credit spreads,
credit defaults and recovery rates and diversification effects of pools of
financial assets. The model incorporates data from independent rating agencies
as well as the Company’s own proprietary information regarding spread changes,
ratings transitions and losses given default. Using this credit data, a Monte
Carlo simulation is performed to develop a distribution of credit risk for the
portfolio of assets owned by each conduit, which is then applied on a
probability-weighted basis to determine expected losses due to credit risk. In
addition, the Company continuously monitors the specific credit characteristics
of the conduit’s assets and the current credit environment to confirm that the
C-VAR model used continues to incorporate the Company’s best information
regarding the expected credit risk of the conduit’s
assets.

The Company also analyzes the variability in the fees that it earns from
the conduit using monthly actual historical cash flow data to determine average
fee and standard deviation measures for each conduit. Because any unhedged
interest rate and foreign-currency risk not contractually passed on to customers
is absorbed by the fees earned by the Company, the fee variability analysis
incorporates those risks.

The fee variability and credit risk
variability are then combined into a single distribution of the conduit’s
overall returns. This return distribution is updated and analyzed on at least a
quarterly basis to ensure that the amount of the subordinate loss notes issued
to third parties is sufficient to absorb greater than 50% of the total expected
variability in the conduit’s returns. The expected variability absorbed by the
subordinate loss note investors is therefore measured to be greater than the
expected variability absorbed by the Company through its liquidity arrangements
and other fees earned, and the 

209

 investors in commercial
paper and medium-term notes. While the notional amounts of the subordinate loss
notes are quantitatively small compared to the size of the conduits, this is
reflective of the fact that most of the substantive risks of the conduits are
absorbed by the enhancements provided by the sellers (customers) and other third
parties that provide transaction-level credit enhancement. Because these risks
and related enhancements are generally required to be excluded from the
analysis, the remaining risks and expected variability are quantitatively small.
The calculation of variability focuses primarily on expected variability, rather
than the risks associated with extreme outcomes (for example, large levels of
default) that are expected to occur very infrequently. So while the subordinate
loss notes are sized appropriately compared to expected losses, they do not
provide significant protection against extreme or unusual credit losses. Where
such credit losses occur or become expected 
to occur, the Company would consolidate the
conduit due to the additional credit enhancement provided by the Company.

Third-Party Commercial Paper
Conduits

The Company also provides liquidity facilities to single- and
multi-seller conduits sponsored by third parties. These conduits are
independently owned and managed and invest in a variety of asset classes,
depending on the nature of the conduit. The facilities provided by the Company
typically represent a small portion of the total liquidity facilities obtained
by each conduit, and are collateralized by the assets of each conduit. As of
December 31, 2009, the notional amount of these facilities was approximately
$792 million, and $187 million was funded under these facilities.

Collateralized Debt and Loan
Obligations

A collateralized debt obligation (CDO) is an SPE that purchases a pool of
assets consisting of asset-backed securities and synthetic exposures through
derivatives on asset-backed securities and issues multiple tranches of equity
and notes to investors. A third-party manager is typically retained by the CDO
to select the pool of assets and manage those assets over the term of the CDO.
The Company earns fees for warehousing assets prior to the creation of a CDO,
structuring CDOs and placing debt securities with investors. In addition, the
Company has retained interests in many of the CDOs it has structured and makes a
market in those issued notes.

A cash CDO, or arbitrage CDO, is a CDO
designed to take advantage of the difference between the yield on a portfolio of
selected assets, typically residential mortgage-backed securities, and the cost
of funding the CDO through the sale of notes to investors. “Cash flow” CDOs are
vehicles in which the CDO passes on cash flows from a pool of assets, while
“market value” CDOs pay to investors the market value of the pool of assets
owned by the CDO at maturity. Both types of CDOs are typically managed by a
third-party asset manager. In these transactions, all of the equity and notes
issued by the CDO are funded, as the cash is needed to purchase the debt
securities. In a typical cash CDO, a third-party investment manager selects a

 portfolio of assets,
which the Company funds through a warehouse financing arrangement prior to the
creation of the CDO. The Company then sells the debt securities to the CDO in
exchange for cash raised through the issuance of notes. The Company’s continuing
involvement in cash CDOs is typically limited to investing in a portion of the
notes or loans issued by the CDO and making a market in those securities, and
acting as derivative counterparty for interest rate or foreign currency swaps
used in the structuring of the
CDO.

A synthetic CDO is similar to a cash CDO, except that the CDO obtains
exposure to all or a portion of the referenced assets synthetically through
derivative instruments, such as credit default swaps. Because the CDO does not
need to raise cash sufficient to purchase the entire referenced portfolio, a
substantial portion of the senior tranches of risk is typically passed on to CDO
investors in the form of unfunded liabilities or derivative instruments. Thus,
the CDO writes credit protection on select referenced debt securities to the
Company or third parties and the risk is then passed on to the CDO investors in
the form of funded notes or purchased credit protection through derivative
instruments. Any cash raised from investors is invested in a portfolio of
collateral securities or investment contracts. The collateral is then used to
support the CDO’s obligations on the credit default swaps written to
counterparties. The Company’s continuing involvement in synthetic CDOs generally
includes purchasing credit protection through credit default swaps with the CDO,
owning a portion of the capital structure of the CDO in the form of both
unfunded derivative positions (primarily super-senior exposures discussed below)
and funded notes, entering into interest-rate swap and total-return swap
transactions with the CDO, lending to the CDO, and making a market in those
funded notes.

A collateralized loan obligation (CLO) is
substantially similar to the CDO transactions described above, except that the
assets owned by the SPE (either cash instruments or synthetic exposures through
derivative instruments) are corporate loans and to a lesser extent corporate
bonds, rather than asset-backed debt securities. 

Consolidation

The Company has retained significant portions
of the “super-senior” positions issued by certain CDOs. These positions are
referred to as “super-senior” because they represent the most senior positions
in the CDO and, at the time of structuring, were senior to tranches rated AAA by
independent rating agencies. These positions include facilities structured in
the form of short-term commercial paper, where the Company wrote put options
(“liquidity puts”) to certain CDOs. Under the terms of the liquidity puts, if
the CDO was unable to issue commercial paper at a rate below a specified maximum
(generally LIBOR + 35 bps to LIBOR + 40 bps), the Company was obligated to fund
the senior tranche of the CDO at a specified interest rate. As of December 31,
2009, the Company had purchased all $25 billion of the commercial paper subject
to these liquidity puts. 

210

      Since inception of many CDO transactions, the subordinate tranches of the
CDOs have diminished significantly in value and in rating. The declines in value
of the subordinate tranches and in the super senior tranches indicate that the
super-senior tranches are now exposed to a significant portion of the expected
losses of the CDOs, based on current market assumptions. The Company evaluates
these transactions for consolidation when reconsideration events
occur.

Upon a reconsideration event, the Company is at risk for consolidation
only if the Company owns a majority of either a single tranche or a group of
tranches that absorb the remaining risk of the CDO. Due to reconsideration
events during 2007, 2008 and 2009, the Company has consolidated 24 of
the 39 CDOs/CLOs in which the Company holds a majority of the senior
interests of the transaction.

The Company continues to monitor its
involvement in unconsolidated VIEs and if the Company were to acquire additional
interests in these vehicles or if the CDOs’ contractual arrangements were to be
changed to reallocate expected losses or residual returns among the various
interest holders, the Company may be required to consolidate the CDOs. For cash
CDOs, the net result of such consolidation would be to gross up the Company’s
balance sheet by the current fair value of the subordinate securities held by
third parties, which amounts are not considered material. For synthetic CDOs,
the net result of such consolidation may reduce the Company’s balance sheet by
eliminating intercompany derivative receivables and payables in
consolidation.

Key
Assumptions and Retained Interests—Citi Holdings

The key assumptions, used for the
securitization of CDOs and CLOs during the year ended December 31, 2009, in
measuring the fair value of retained interests at the date of sale or
securitization are as follows: 

CDOs

CLOs

 Discount
 rate

36.4% to 47.2

%

4.3% to 6.3

%

     The effect of two negative changes in discount rates used to determine
the fair value of retained interests is disclosed below. 

 In millions of
 dollars

CDOs

CLOs

 Carrying value of retained
 interests

$

186

$

714

 Discount rates

        Adverse change of
10%

$

(25

)

$

(11

)

        Adverse change of
20%

(47

)

(22

)

 Asset-Based
Financing—Citicorp

The Company provides loans and other forms of
financing to VIEs that hold assets. Those loans are subject to the same credit
approvals as all other loans originated or purchased by the Company. Financings
in the form of debt securities or derivatives are, in most circumstances,
reported in 
Trading account assets

 and accounted for at fair value through
earnings.

     The primary types of Citicorp’s
asset-based financing, total assets of the unconsolidated VIEs with significant
involvement and the Company’s maximum exposure to loss at December 31, 2009 are
shown below. For the Company to realize that maximum loss, the VIE (borrower)
would have to default with no recovery from the assets held by the
VIE.

Total

Maximum

 In billions of
 dollars

assets

exposure

 Type

 Commercial and other real estate

$

0.5

$

—

 Hedge funds and equities

5.9

3.1

 Airplanes, ships
 and other assets

11.9

2.1

 Total

$

18.3

$

5.2

Asset-Based Financing—Citi
Holdings

The Company provides loans and other forms of financing to VIEs that hold
assets. Those loans are subject to the same credit approvals as all other loans
originated or purchased by the Company. Financings in the form of debt
securities or derivatives are, in most circumstances, reported in 
Trading account assets

 and accounted for at fair value through earnings.

     The primary types of Citi Holdings’
asset-based financing, total assets of the unconsolidated VIEs with significant
involvement and the Company’s maximum exposure to loss at December 31, 2009 are
shown below. For the Company to realize that maximum loss, the VIE (borrower)
would have to default with no recovery from the assets held by the VIE.

Total

Maximum

 In billions of
 dollars

assets

exposure

 Type

 Commercial and other real estate

$

36.1

$

7.5

 Hedge funds and equities

2.2

0.8

 Corporate loans

8.2

7.0

 Airplanes,
 ships and other assets

5.7

3.1

 Total

$

52.2

$

18.4

211

      The following table summarizes selected cash flow information related to
asset-based financing for the years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007:

 In billions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Cash flows received on retained
 interests

        and other net cash
 flows

$

2.7

$

1.7

$

—

     The effect of two negative changes in discount rates used to determine
the fair value of retained interests is disclosed below. 

Asset-based

 In millions of
 dollars

financing

 Carrying value of retained
 interests

$

6,981

 Value of underlying portfolio

        Adverse change of
10%

$

—

        Adverse change of
20%

(265

)

Municipal Securities Tender Option Bond
(TOB) Trusts

The Company sponsors TOB trusts that hold fixed- and floating-rate,
tax-exempt securities issued by state or local municipalities. The trusts are
typically single-issuer trusts whose assets are purchased from the Company and
from the secondary market. The trusts issue long-term senior floating rate notes
(Floaters) and junior residual securities (Residuals). The Floaters have a
long-term rating based on the long-term rating of the underlying municipal bond
and a short-term rating based on that of the liquidity provider to the trust.
The Residuals are generally rated based on the long-term rating of the
underlying municipal bond and entitle the holder to the residual cash flows from
the issuing trust.

The Company sponsors three kinds of TOB
trusts: customer TOB trusts, proprietary TOB trusts and QSPE TOB
trusts.

 Customer TOB trusts 

are trusts through which customers
 finance 
investments in
 municipal securities and are not consolidated by the 
Company. Proprietary and QSPE TOB trusts, on
 the other hand, provide 
the
 Company with the ability to finance its own investments in municipal

securities.

Proprietary TOB trusts 

are generally consolidated, in which case
 the 
financing (the Floaters) is
 recognized on the Company’s balance sheet as 
a liability. However, certain proprietary
 TOB trusts are not consolidated 
by the Company, where the Residuals are held by hedge funds that
 are 
consolidated and managed by
 the Company. The assets and the associated 
liabilities of these TOB trusts are not
 consolidated by the hedge funds 
(and, thus, are not consolidated by the Company) under the application

of ASC 946, 
Financial Service—Investment Companies

, which 
precludes consolidation of owned
 investments. The Company consolidates 
the hedge funds, because the Company holds controlling financial

interests in the hedge funds. Certain
 of the Company’s equity investments 
in the hedge funds are hedged with derivatives transactions executed
 by 
the Company with third
 parties referencing the returns of the hedge fund.

QSPE TOB trusts

provide the Company with the
 same exposure as 
proprietary
 TOB trusts and are not consolidated by the Company. 

      Credit rating distribution is based on the external rating of the
municipal bonds within the TOB trusts, including any credit enhancement provided
by monoline insurance companies or the Company in the primary or secondary
markets, as discussed below. The total assets for proprietary TOB Trusts
(consolidated and non-consolidated) includes $0.7 billion of assets where the
Residuals are held by a hedge fund that is consolidated and managed by the
Company.

The TOB trusts fund the purchase of their
assets by issuing Floaters along with Residuals, which are frequently less than
1% of a trust’s total funding. The tenor of the Floaters matches the maturity of
the TOB trust and is equal to or shorter than the tenor of the municipal bond
held by the trust, and the Floaters bear interest rates that are typically reset
weekly to a new market rate (based on the SIFMA index). Floater holders have an
option to tender the Floaters they hold back to the trust periodically. Customer
TOB trusts issue the Floaters and Residuals to third parties. Proprietary and
QSPE TOB trusts issue the Floaters to third parties and the Residuals are held
by the Company.

Approximately $2.2 billion of the municipal
bonds owned by TOB trusts have an additional credit guarantee provided by the
Company. In all other cases, the assets are either unenhanced or are insured
with a monoline insurance provider in the primary market or in the secondary
market. While the trusts have not encountered any adverse credit events as
defined in the underlying trust agreements, certain monoline insurance companies
have experienced downgrades. In these cases, the Company has proactively managed
the TOB programs by applying additional secondary market insurance on the assets
or proceeding with orderly unwinds of the
trusts.

The Company, in its capacity as remarketing agent, facilitates the sale
of the Floaters to third parties at inception of the trust and facilitates the
reset of the Floater coupon and tenders of Floaters. If Floaters are tendered
and the Company (in its role as remarketing agent) is unable to find a new
investor within a specified period of time, it can declare a failed remarketing
(in which case the trust is unwound) or may choose to buy the Floaters into its
own inventory and may continue to try to sell it to a third-party investor.
While the level of the Company’s inventory of Floaters fluctuates, the Company
held none of the Floater inventory related to the customer, proprietary and QSPE
TOB programs as of December 31,
2009.

If a trust is unwound early due to an event other than a credit event on
the underlying municipal bond, the underlying municipal bond is sold in the
secondary market. If there is an accompanying shortfall in the trust’s cash
flows to fund the redemption of the Floaters after the sale of the underlying
municipal bond, the trust draws on a liquidity agreement in an amount equal to
the shortfall. Liquidity agreements are generally provided to the trust directly
by the Company. For customer TOBs where the Residual is less than 25% of the
trust’s capital structure, the Company

212

 has a reimbursement
agreement with the Residual holder under which the Residual holder reimburses
the Company for any payment made under the liquidity arrangement. Through this
reimbursement agreement, the Residual holder remains economically exposed to
fluctuations in value of the municipal bond. These reimbursement agreements are
actively margined based on changes in value of the underlying municipal bond to
mitigate the Company’s counterparty credit risk. In cases where a third party
provides liquidity to a proprietary or QSPE TOB trust, a similar reimbursement
arrangement is made whereby the Company (or a consolidated subsidiary of the
Company) as Residual holder absorbs any losses incurred by the liquidity
provider. As of December 31, 2009, liquidity agreements provided with respect to
customer TOB trusts totaled $6.2 billion, offset by reimbursement agreements in
place with a notional amount of $4.6 billion. The remaining exposure relates to
TOB transactions where the Residual owned by the customer is at least 25% of the
bond value at the inception of the transaction. In addition, the Company has
provided liquidity arrangements with a notional amount of $0.2 billion to QSPE
TOB trusts and other non-consolidated proprietary TOB trusts described
above.

The Company considers the customer and proprietary TOB trusts (excluding
QSPE TOB trusts) to be VIEs. Because third-party investors hold the Residual and
Floater interests in the customer TOB trusts, the Company’s involvement and
variable interests include only its role as remarketing agent and liquidity
provider. On the basis of the variability absorbed by the customer through the
reimbursement arrangement or significant residual investment, the Company does
not consolidate the Customer TOB trusts. The Company’s variable interests in the
Proprietary TOB trusts include the Residual as well as the remarketing and
liquidity agreements with the trusts. On the basis of the variability absorbed
through these contracts (primarily the Residual), the Company generally
consolidates the Proprietary TOB trusts. Finally, certain proprietary TOB trusts
and QSPE TOB trusts are not consolidated by application of specific accounting
literature. For the nonconsolidated proprietary TOB trusts and QSPE TOB trusts,
the Company recognizes only its residual investment on its balance sheet at fair
value and the third-party financing raised by the trusts is off balance
sheet.

The following table summarizes selected cash flow information related to
Citicorp’s municipal bond securitizations for the years ended December 31, 2009,
2008 and 2007: 

 In billions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Proceeds from new
 securitizations

$

0.3

$

1.2

$

10.5

 Cash flows received on retained

        interests and other net cash
 flows

0.7

0.5

—

      The following table summarizes selected cash flow information related to
Citi Holdings’ municipal bond securitizations for the years ended December 31,
2009, 2008 and 2007: 

 In billions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2007

 Proceeds from new
 securitizations

$

—

$

0.1

$

—

 Cash flows received on retained

        interests and other net cash
 flows

—

—

—

Municipal
Investments

Municipal investment transactions represent partnerships that finance the
construction and rehabilitation of low-income affordable rental housing. The
Company generally invests in these partnerships as a limited partner and earns a
return primarily through the receipt of tax credits earned from the affordable
housing investments made by the partnership. 

Client
Intermediation

Client intermediation transactions represent a range of transactions
designed to provide investors with specified returns based on the returns of an
underlying security, referenced asset or index. These transactions include
credit-linked notes and equity-linked notes. In these transactions, the SPE
typically obtains exposure to the underlying security, referenced asset or index
through a derivative instrument, such as a total-return swap or a credit-default
swap. In turn the SPE issues notes to investors that pay a return based on the
specified underlying security, referenced asset or index. The SPE invests the
proceeds in a financial asset or a guaranteed insurance contract (GIC) that
serves as collateral for the derivative contract over the term of the
transaction. The Company’s involvement in these transactions includes being the
counterparty to the SPE’s derivative instruments and investing in a portion of
the notes issued by the SPE. In certain transactions, the investor’s maximum
risk of loss is limited and the Company absorbs risk of loss above a specified
level.

The Company’s maximum risk of loss in these transactions is defined as
the amount invested in notes issued by the SPE and the notional amount of any
risk of loss absorbed by the Company through a separate instrument issued by the
SPE. The derivative instrument held by the Company may generate a receivable
from the SPE (for example, where the Company purchases credit protection from
the SPE in connection with the SPE’s issuance of a credit-linked note), which is
collateralized by the assets owned by the SPE. These derivative instruments are
not considered variable interests and any associated receivables are not
included in the calculation of maximum exposure to the SPE.

213

 Structured Investment
Vehicles

Structured Investment Vehicles (SIVs) are SPEs that issue junior notes
and senior debt (medium-term notes and short-term commercial paper) to fund the
purchase of high quality assets. The Company acts as manager for the
SIVs. 

In order to complete the wind-down of the
SIVs, the Company purchased the remaining assets of the SIVs in November 2008.
The Company funded the purchase of the SIV assets by assuming the obligation to
pay amounts due under the medium-term notes issued by the SIVs, as the
medium-term notes mature.

Investment
Funds

The
Company is the investment manager for certain investment funds that invest in
various asset classes including private equity, hedge funds, real estate, fixed
income and infrastructure. The Company earns a management fee, which is a
percentage of capital under management, and may earn performance fees. In
addition, for some of these funds the Company has an ownership interest in the
investment funds.

The Company has also established a number of
investment funds as opportunities for qualified employees to invest in private
equity investments. The Company acts as investment manager to these funds and
may provide employees with financing on both recourse and non-recourse bases for
a portion of the employees’ investment commitments. 

 Trust Preferred
Securities

The Company has raised financing through the issuance of trust preferred
securities. In these transactions, the Company forms a statutory business trust
and owns all of the voting equity shares of the trust. The trust issues
preferred equity securities to third-party investors and invests the gross
proceeds in junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures issued by the
Company. These trusts have no assets, operations, revenues or cash flows other
than those related to the issuance, administration and repayment of the
preferred equity securities held by third-party investors. These trusts’
obligations are fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the
Company.

Because the sole asset of the trust is a
receivable from the Company and the proceeds to the Company from the receivable
exceed the Company’s investment in the VIE’s equity shares, the Company is not
permitted to consolidate the trusts, even though the Company owns all of the
voting equity shares of the trust, has fully guaranteed the trusts’ obligations,
and has the right to redeem the preferred securities in certain circumstances.
The Company recognizes the subordinated debentures on its balance sheet as
long-term liabilities.

214

 24. DERIVATIVES
ACTIVITIES

In the
ordinary course of business, Citigroup enters into various types of derivative
transactions. These derivative transactions include: 

 Futures and forward
 contracts

 which are
 commitments to buy or sell at a future date a financial instrument, commodity
 or currency at a contracted price and may be settled in cash or through
 delivery.

Swap contracts

 which are commitments to settle in cash at
 a future date or dates that may range from a few days to a number of years,
 based on differentials between specified financial indices, as applied to a
 notional principal amount.

Option contracts

 which give the purchaser, for a fee, the
 right, but not the obligation, to buy or sell within a limited time a
 financial instrument, commodity or currency at a contracted price that may
 also be settled in cash, based on differentials between specified indices or
 prices. 

     Citigroup enters into these derivative contracts relating to interest
rate, foreign currency, commodity, and other market/credit risks for the
following reasons:

 Trading Purposes—Customer
 Needs:

 Citigroup offers
 its customers derivatives in connection with their risk-management actions to
 transfer, modify or reduce their interest rate, foreign exchange and other
 market/ credit risks or for their own trading purposes. As part of this
 process, Citigroup considers the customers’ suitability for the risk involved
 and the business purpose for the transaction. Citigroup also manages its
 derivative-risk positions through offsetting trade activities, controls
 focused on price verification, and daily reporting of positions to senior
 managers.

Trading Purposes—Own
 Account:

 Citigroup
 trades derivatives for its own account and as an active market maker. Trading
 limits and price verification controls are key aspects of this
 activity.

Hedging:

 Citigroup uses derivatives in connection
 with its risk-management activities to hedge certain risks or reposition the
 risk profile of the Company. For example, Citigroup may issue fixed-rate
 long-term debt and then enter into a receive-fixed, pay-variable-rate interest
 rate swap with the same tenor and notional amount to convert the interest
 payments to a net variable-rate basis. This strategy is the most common form
 of an interest rate hedge, as it minimizes interest cost in certain yield
 curve environments. Derivatives are also used to manage risks inherent in
 specific groups of on-balance-sheet assets and liabilities, including
 investments, corporate and consumer loans, deposit liabilities, as well as
 other interest-sensitive assets and liabilities. In addition, foreign-exchange
 contracts are used to hedge non-U.S.-dollar-denominated debt,
 foreign-currency-denominated available-for-sale securities, net capital
 exposures and foreign-exchange transactions. 

      Derivatives may expose Citigroup to market, credit or liquidity risks in
excess of the amounts recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Market risk on
a derivative product is the exposure created by potential fluctuations in
interest rates, foreign-exchange rates and other factors and is a function of
the type of product, the volume of transactions, the tenor and terms of the
agreement, and the underlying volatility. Credit risk is the exposure to loss in
the event of nonperformance by the other party to the transaction where the
value of any collateral held is not adequate to cover such losses. The
recognition in earnings of unrealized gains on these transactions is subject to
management’s assessment as to collectability. Liquidity risk is the potential
exposure that arises when the size of the derivative position may not be able to
be rapidly adjusted in periods of high volatility and financial stress at a
reasonable cost.

Information pertaining to the volume of
derivative activity is provided in the tables below. The notional amounts, for
both long and short derivative positions, of Citigroup’s derivative instruments
as of December 31, 2009 are presented in the table below.

215

Derivative Notionals

Hedging instruments
 under

ASC 815 (SFAS 133)

 (1)

Other derivative
 instruments

Trading

Management

 In millions of dollars at December
 31, 2009

derivatives

hedges 

 (2)

 Interest rate
 contracts

        Swaps

$

128,797

$

20,571,814

$

107,193

        Futures and forwards

—

3,366,927

65,597

        Written options

—

3,616,240

11,050

        Purchased options

—

3,590,032

28,725

 Total interest rate contract
 notionals

$

128,797

$

31,145,013

$

212,565

 Foreign exchange
 contracts

        Swaps

$

81,018

$

855,560

$

95,472

        Futures and forwards

47,671

1,946,802

1,432

        Written options

—

409,991

—

        Purchased options

17,718

387,786

882

 Total foreign exchange contract
 notionals

$

146,407

$

3,600,139

$

97,786

 Equity contracts

        Swaps

$

—

$

59,391

$

—

        Futures and forwards

—

14,627

—

        Written options

—

410,002

—

        Purchased options

—

377,961

275

 Total equity contract
 notionals

$

—

$

861,981

$

275

 Commodity and other
 contracts

        Swaps

$

—

$

25,956

$

—

        Futures and forwards

—

91,582

—

        Written options

—

37,952

—

        Purchased options

—

40,324

—

 Total commodity and other contract
 notionals

$

—

$

195,814

$

—

 Credit derivatives (3)

        Protection sold

$

—

$

1,214,053

$

—

        Protection purchased

6,981

1,325,981

—

 Total credit
 derivatives

$

6,981

$

2,540,034

$

—

 Total derivative
 notionals

$

282,185

$

38,342,981

$

310,626

 (1)

Derivatives
 in hedge accounting relationships accounted for under ASC 815 (SFAS 133)
 are recorded in either 
Other assets/liabilities

or 
Trading account assets/liabilities

on the

Consolidated Balance
 Sheet

.

 (2)

Management
 hedges represent derivative instruments used in certain economic hedging
 relationships that are identified for management purposes, but for which
 hedge accounting is not applied. These derivatives are recorded in

Other assets/liabilities

on the
 Consolidated Balance Sheet.

 (3)

Credit
 derivatives are arrangements designed to allow one party (protection
 buyer) to transfer the credit risk of a “reference asset” to another party
 (protection seller). These arrangements allow a protection seller to
 assume the credit risk associated with the reference asset without
 directly purchasing that asset. The Company has entered into credit
 derivatives positions for purposes such as risk management, yield
 enhancement, reduction of credit concentrations and diversification of
 overall risk.

216

Derivative
Mark-to-Market (MTM) Receivables/Payables

Derivatives classified in
 trading

Derivatives classified in
 other

account
 assets/liabilities

(1)

assets/liabilities

 In millions of dollars at December 31,
 2009

Assets

Liabilities

Assets

Liabilities

 Derivative instruments designated
 as ASC 815 (SFAS 133) hedges

 Interest rate contracts

$

304

$

87

$

4,267

$

2,898

 Foreign exchange contracts

753

1,580

3,599

1,416

 Total derivative instruments
 designated as ASC 815 (SFAS 133) hedges

$

1,057

$

1,667

$

7,866

$

4,314

 Other derivative
 instruments

 Interest rate contracts

$

454,974

$

449,551

$

2,882

$

3,022

 Foreign exchange
contracts

71,005

70,584

1,498

2,381

 Equity contracts

18,132

40,612

6

5

 Commodity and other
 contracts

16,698

15,492

—

—

 Credit
 derivatives (2)

92,792

82,424

—

—

 Total other derivative
 instruments

$

653,601

$

658,663

$

4,386

$

5,408

 Total derivatives

$

654,658

$

660,330

$

12,252

$

9,722

 Cash collateral
 paid/received

48,561

38,611

263

4,950

 Less: Netting
 agreements and market value adjustments

(644,340

)

(634,835

)

(4,224

)

(4,224

)

 Net
 receivables/payables

$

58,879

$

64,106

$

8,291

$

10,448

 (1)

The trading derivatives fair values are presented in Note 15 to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements.

 (2)

The credit derivatives trading assets are composed of $68,558
 million related to protection purchased and $24,234 million related to
 protection sold as of December 31, 2009. The credit derivatives trading
 liabilities are composed of $24,162 million related to protection
 purchased and $58,262 million related to protection sold as of
 December 31, 2009.

      All derivatives are reported on the balance sheet at fair value. In
addition, where applicable, all such contracts covered by master netting
agreements are reported net. Gross positive fair values are netted with gross
negative fair values by counterparty pursuant to a valid master netting
agreement. In addition, payables and receivables in respect of cash collateral
received from or paid to a given counterparty are included in this netting.
However, non-cash collateral is not
included.

As of December 31, 2009, the amount of
payables in respect of cash collateral received that was netted with unrealized
gains from derivatives was $30 billion, while the amount of receivables in
respect of cash collateral paid that was netted with unrealized losses from
derivatives was $41 billion.

      The amounts recognized in 
Principal transactions

 in the Consolidated Statement of Income for the year ended December 31,
2009 related to derivatives not designated in a qualifying hedging relationship
as well as the underlying non-derivative instruments are included in the table
below. Citigroup has elected to present this disclosure by business
classification, showing derivative gains and losses related to its trading
activities together with gains and losses related to non-derivative instruments
within the same trading portfolios, as this better represents the way these
portfolios are risk managed.

 In millions of dollars for the year ended

Principal transactions
 gains

 December 31, 2009

(losses)

(1)

 Interest rate contracts

$

4,075

 Foreign exchange contracts

2,762

 Equity contracts

(334

)

 Commodity and other contracts

924

 Credit
 derivatives

(3,495

)

 Total (1)

$

3,932

 (1)

Also see
 Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

217

     The amounts
recognized in 

Other revenue

 in the Consolidated Statement of Income for
the year ended December 31, 2009 related to derivatives not designated in a
qualifying hedging relationship and not recorded within

 Trading account assets

 or 
Trading account liabilities

 are shown below. The table below does not include the offsetting
gains/losses on the hedged items, which amounts are also recorded in
Other
revenue.

 In millions of dollars for the year
 ended December 31, 2009

Gains (losses) included in Other
 revenue

 Interest rate contracts

$

(327

)

 Foreign exchange contracts

3,851

 Equity contracts

(7

)

 Commodity and other contracts

—

 Credit
 derivatives

—

 Total (1)

$

3,517

 (1)

Non-designated derivatives are derivative instruments not
 designated in qualifying hedging
relationships.

 Accounting
for Derivative Hedging

Citigroup accounts for its hedging activities in accordance with ASC 815,

Derivatives and Hedging

 (formerly SFAS 133). As a general rule, hedge
accounting is permitted for those situations where the Company is exposed to a
particular risk, such as interest-rate or foreign-exchange risk, that causes
changes in the fair value of an asset or liability, or variability in the
expected future cash flows of an existing asset, liability or a forecasted
transaction that may affect
earnings.

Derivative contracts hedging the risks
associated with the changes in fair value are referred to as fair value hedges,
while contracts hedging the risks affecting the expected future cash flows are
called cash flow hedges. Hedges that utilize derivatives or debt instruments to
manage the foreign exchange risk associated with equity investments in
non-U.S.-dollar functional currency foreign subsidiaries (net investment in a
foreign operation) are called net investment
hedges.

If certain hedging criteria specified in ASC 815 are met, including
testing for hedge effectiveness, special hedge accounting may be applied. The
hedge effectiveness assessment methodologies for similar hedges are performed in
a similar manner and are used consistently throughout the hedging relationships.
For fair value hedges, the changes in value of the hedging derivative, as well
as the changes in value of the related hedged item due to the risk being hedged,
are reflected in current earnings. For cash flow hedges and net investment
hedges, the changes in value of the hedging derivative are reflected in Accumulated other comprehensive
income (loss) in Citigroup’s stockholders’ equity, to the extent the
hedge is effective. Hedge ineffectiveness, in either case, is reflected in
current earnings.

For asset/liability management hedging, the
fixed-rate long-term debt may be recorded at amortized cost under current U.S.
GAAP. However, by electing to use ASC 815 (SFAS 133) hedge accounting, the
carrying value of the debt is adjusted for changes in the benchmark interest
rate, with any such changes in value recorded in current earnings. The related
interest-rate swap is also recorded on the balance sheet at fair value, with any
changes 

 in fair value reflected
in earnings. Thus, any ineffectiveness resulting from the hedging relationship
is recorded in current earnings. Alternatively, an economic hedge, which does
not meet the ASC 815 hedging criteria, would involve only recording the
derivative at fair value on the balance sheet, with its associated changes in
fair value recorded in earnings. The debt would continue to be carried at
amortized cost and, therefore, current earnings would be impacted only by the
interest rate shifts and other factors that cause the change in the swap’s value
and the underlying yield of the debt. This type of hedge is undertaken when
hedging requirements cannot be achieved or management decides not to apply ASC
815 hedge accounting. Another alternative for the Company would be to elect to
carry the debt at fair value under the fair value option. Once the irrevocable
election is made upon issuance of the debt, the full change in fair value of the
debt would be reported in earnings. The related interest rate swap, with changes
in fair value, would also be reflected in earnings, and provides a natural
offset to the debt’s fair value change. To the extent the two offsets would not
be exactly equal, the difference would be reflected in current earnings. This
type of economic hedge is undertaken when the Company prefers to follow this
simpler method that achieves generally similar financial statement results to an
ASC 815 fair value hedge.

     Key aspects of achieving ASC 815 hedge accounting are documentation of
hedging strategy and hedge effectiveness at the hedge inception and
substantiating hedge effectiveness on an ongoing basis. A derivative must be
highly effective in accomplishing the hedge objective of offsetting either
changes in the fair value or cash flows of the hedged item for the risk being
hedged. Any ineffectiveness in the hedge relationship is recognized in current
earnings. The assessment of effectiveness excludes changes in the value of the
hedged item that are unrelated to the risks being hedged. Similarly, the
assessment of effectiveness may exclude changes in the fair value of a
derivative related to time value that, if excluded, are recognized in current
earnings.

218

 Fair Value
Hedges

Hedging of
benchmark interest rate risk

Citigroup hedges exposure to changes in the
fair value of outstanding fixed-rate issued debt and borrowings. The fixed cash
flows from those financing transactions are converted to benchmark variable-rate
cash flows by entering into receive-fixed, pay-variable interest rate swaps.
These fair value hedge relationships use dollar-offset ratio analysis to
determine whether the hedging relationships are highly effective at inception
and on an ongoing basis.

Citigroup also hedges exposure to changes in
the fair value of fixed-rate assets, including available-for-sale debt
securities and loans. The hedging instruments used are receive-variable,
pay-fixed interest rate swaps. Most of these fair value hedging relationships
use dollar-offset ratio analysis to determine whether the hedging relationships
are highly effective at inception and on an ongoing basis, while certain others
use regression analysis.

 Hedging of
foreign exchange risk

Citigroup hedges the change in fair value attributable to
foreign-exchange rate movements in available-for-sale securities that are
denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entity
holding the securities, which may be within or outside the U.S. The hedging
instrument employed is a forward foreign-exchange contract. In this type of
hedge, the change in fair value of the hedged available-for-sale security
attributable to the portion of foreign exchange risk hedged is reported in
earnings and not Accumulated
other comprehensive income—a process that serves to offset substantially
the change in fair value of the forward contract that is also reflected in
earnings. Citigroup considers the premium associated with forward contracts
(differential between spot and contractual forward rates) as the cost of
hedging; this is excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and
reflected directly in earnings. Dollar-offset method is used to assess hedge
effectiveness. Since that assessment is based on changes in fair value
attributable to changes in spot rates on both the available-for-sale securities
and the forward contracts for the portion of the relationship hedged, the amount
of hedge ineffectiveness is not significant.

The following table
summarizes certain information related to the Company’s fair value hedges for
the year ended December 31, 2009:

Gains/(losses) on fair
 value

 In millions of dollars for the year
 ended December 31, 2009

hedges

(1)

 Gain (loss) on fair value
 designated and qualifying hedges

 Interest rate contracts

$

(4,642

)

 Foreign
 exchange contracts

1,202

 Total gain (loss) on fair value
 designated and qualifying hedges

$

(3,440

)

 Gain (loss) on the hedged item in
 designated and qualifying fair value hedges

 Interest rate hedges

$

4,549

 Foreign
 exchange hedges

(846

)

 Total gain (loss) on the hedged
 item in designated and qualifying fair value hedges

$

3,703

 Hedge ineffectiveness recognized in
 earnings on designated and qualifying fair value hedges

 Interest rate hedges

$

140

 Foreign
 exchange hedges

137

 Total hedge ineffectiveness
 recognized in earnings on designated and qualifying fair value
 hedges

$

277

 Net gain (loss) excluded from
 assessment of the effectiveness of fair value hedges

 Interest rate contracts

$

(233

)

 Foreign
 exchange contracts

219

 Total net gain/(loss) excluded from
 assessment of the effectiveness of fair value hedges

$

(14

)

 (1)

Amounts are
 included in 
Other Revenue 

on the Consolidated Statement of
 Income. The accrued interest income on fair value hedges is recorded in
 Net Interest Revenue and is
 excluded from this table.

219

 Cash Flow
Hedges

Hedging of
benchmark interest rate risk

Citigroup hedges variable cash flows resulting
from floating-rate liabilities and roll-over (re-issuance) of short-term
liabilities. Variable cash flows from those liabilities are converted to
fixed-rate cash flows by entering into receive-variable, pay-fixed interest-rate
swaps and receive-variable, pay-fixed forward-starting interest-rate swaps.
These cash-flow hedging relationships use either regression analysis or
dollar-offset ratio analysis to assess whether the hedging relationships are
highly effective at inception and on an ongoing basis. Since efforts are made to
match the terms of the derivatives to those of the hedged forecasted cash flows
as closely as possible, the amount of hedge ineffectiveness is not
significant.

Hedging of
foreign exchange risk

Citigroup locks in the functional currency equivalent of cash flows of
various balance sheet liability exposures, including short-term borrowings and
long-term debt (and the forecasted issuances or rollover of such items) that are
denominated in a currency other than the functional currency of the issuing
entity. Depending on the risk-management objectives, these types of hedges are
designated as either cash-flow hedges of only foreign exchange risk or cash-flow
hedges of both foreign-exchange and interest rate risk, and the hedging
instruments used are foreign-exchange forward contracts, cross-currency swaps
and foreign-currency options. For some hedges, Citigroup matches all terms of
the hedged item and the hedging derivative at inception and on an ongoing basis
to eliminate hedge ineffectiveness. Citigroup does not exclude any terms from
consideration when applying the matched terms method. To the extent all terms
are not perfectly matched, any ineffectiveness is measured using the
“hypothetical derivative method” from FASB 
Derivative Implementation Group Issue G7 (now
ASC 815-30-35-12 through 35-32). Efforts are made to match up the terms of the
hypothetical and actual derivatives used as closely as possible. As a result,
the amount of hedge ineffectiveness is not significant even when the terms do
not match perfectly.

Hedging total
return

Citigroup
generally manages the risk associated with highly leveraged financing it has
entered into by seeking to sell a majority of its exposures to the market prior
to or shortly after funding. The portion of the highly leveraged financing that
is retained by Citigroup is hedged with a total return
swap.

The hedge ineffectiveness on the cash flow hedges recognized in earnings
totals $16 million for the 12 months ended December 31, 2009.

      The pretax change in 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

 from cash flow hedges for year ended December
31, 2009 is presented below:

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

 Effective portion of cash
 flow

        hedges included in
 AOCI

 Interest rate contracts

$

488

 Foreign
 exchange contracts

689

 Total effective portion of cash
 flow

        hedges included in
 AOCI

$

1,177

 Effective portion of cash
 flow

        hedges reclassified from AOCI
 to

        earnings

 Interest rate contracts

$

(1,687

)

 Foreign
 exchange contracts

(308

)

 Total effective portion of cash
 flow

        hedges reclassified from AOCI
 to

        earnings (1)

$

(1,995

)

 (1)

Included
 primarily in 
Other revenue and Net interest
 revenue 

on
 the Consolidated Income Statement.

     For cash flow hedges, any changes in the fair value of the end-user
derivative remaining in 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

 on the Consolidated Balance Sheet will be
included in earnings of future periods to offset the variability of the hedged
cash flows when such cash flows affect earnings. The net loss associated with
cash flow hedges expected to be reclassified from 
Accumulated other comprehensive income

 within 12 months of December 31, 2009 is
approximately $2.1 billion. The maximum length of time over which forecasted
cash flows are hedged is 10 years.

The impact of cash flow hedges on AOCI is
also shown in Note 22 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Net
Investment Hedges

Consistent with ASC 830-20, 
Foreign Currency Matters — Foreign Currency
Transactions

(

formerly SFAS 52,

Foreign Currency
Translation)

, ASC 815
allows hedging of the foreign-currency risk of a net investment in a foreign
operation. Citigroup uses foreign-currency forwards, options and swaps and
foreign-currency-denominated debt instruments to manage the foreign-exchange
risk associated with Citigroup’s equity investments in several non-U.S. dollar
functional currency foreign subsidiaries. Citigroup records the change in the
carrying amount of these investments in the 
Cumulative translation adjustment

 account within 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

. Simultaneously, the effective portion of the
hedge of this exposure is also recorded in the 
Cumulative translation adjustment account

 and the ineffective portion, if any, is
immediately recorded in earnings.

For derivatives used in net investment hedges,
Citigroup follows the forward-rate method from FASB Derivative Implementation
Group Issue H8 (now ASC 815-35-35-16 through 35-26), “Foreign Currency Hedges:
Measuring the Amount of Ineffectiveness in a Net Investment Hedge.” According to
that method, all changes in fair value, including changes 

220

 related to the
forward-rate component of the foreign-currency forward contracts and the
time-value of foreign-currency options, are recorded in the
foreign-currency 
Cumulative translation adjustment account

. For foreign-currency denominated debt
instruments that are designated as hedges of net investments, the translation
gain or loss that is recorded in the foreign-currency translation adjustment
account is based on the spot exchange rate between the functional currency of
the respective subsidiary and the U.S. dollar, which is the functional currency
of Citigroup. To the extent the notional amount of the hedging instrument
exactly matches the hedged net investment and the underlying exchange rate of
the derivative hedging instrument relates to the exchange rate between the
functional currency of the net investment and Citigroup’s functional currency
(or, in the case of a non-derivative debt instrument, such instrument is
denominated in the functional currency of the net investment), no
ineffectiveness is recorded in earnings.

     The pretax loss recorded in
foreign-currency translation adjustment within 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

, related to the effective portion of the net
investment hedges, is $4,560 million during the year ended December 31,
2009.

Credit
Derivatives

A
credit derivative is a bilateral contract between a buyer and a seller under
which the seller agrees to provide protection to the buyer against the credit
risk of a particular entity (“reference entity” or “reference credit”). Credit
derivatives generally require that the seller of credit protection make payments
to the buyer upon the occurrence of predefined credit events (commonly referred
to as “settlement triggers”). These settlement triggers are defined by the form
of the derivative and the reference credit and are generally limited to the
market standard of failure to pay on indebtedness and bankruptcy of the
reference credit and, in a more limited range of transactions, debt
restructuring. Credit derivative transactions referring to emerging market
reference credits will also typically include additional settlement triggers to
cover the acceleration of indebtedness and the risk of repudiation or a payment
moratorium. In certain transactions, protection may be provided on a portfolio
of referenced credits or asset-backed securities. The seller of such protection
may not be required to make payment until a specified amount of losses has
occurred with respect to the portfolio and/or may only be required to pay for
losses up to a specified amount.

The Company makes markets in and trades a
range of credit derivatives, both on behalf of clients as well as for its own
account. Through these contracts, the Company either purchases or writes
protection on either a single name or a portfolio of reference credits. The
Company uses credit derivatives to help mitigate credit risk in its corporate
and consumer loan portfolio and other cash positions, to take proprietary
trading positions, and to facilitate client transactions.

      The range of credit derivatives sold includes credit default swaps, total
return swaps and credit options.

     A credit default swap is a contract in which, for a fee, a protection
seller agrees to reimburse a protection buyer for any losses that occur due to a
credit event on a reference entity. If there is no credit default event or
settlement trigger, as defined by the specific derivative contract, then
the protection seller makes no payments to the protection buyer
and receives only the contractually specified fee. However, if a credit event
occurs as defined in the specific derivative contract sold, the protection
seller will be required to make a payment to the protection
buyer.

A total return swap transfers the total economic performance of a
reference asset, which includes all associated cash flows, as well as capital
appreciation or depreciation. The protection buyer receives a floating rate
of interest and any depreciation on the reference asset from the protection
seller and, in return, the protection seller receives the cash flows associated
with the reference asset plus any appreciation. Thus, according to the total
return swap agreement, the protection seller will be obligated to make
a payment anytime the floating interest rate payment and any depreciation of the
reference asset exceed the cash flows associated with the underlying asset. A
total return swap may terminate upon a default of the reference asset subject to
the provisions of the related total return swap agreement between the protection
seller and the protection buyer.

A credit option is a credit derivative that
allows investors to trade or hedge changes in the credit quality of the
reference asset. For example, in a credit spread option, the option writer
assumes the obligation to purchase or sell the reference asset at a specified
“strike” spread level. The option purchaser buys the right to sell the reference
asset to, or purchase it from, the option writer at the strike spread level. The
payments on credit spread options depend either on a particular credit spread or
the price of the underlying credit-sensitive asset. The options usually
terminate if the underlying assets
default.

A credit-linked note is a form of credit
derivative structured as a debt security with an embedded credit default swap.
The purchaser of the note writes credit protection to the issuer, and receives a
return which will be negatively affected by credit events on the underlying
reference credit. If the reference entity defaults, the purchaser of the
credit-linked note may assume the long position in the debt security and any
future cash flows from it, but will lose the amount paid to the issuer of the
credit-linked note. Thus the maximum amount of the exposure is the carrying
amount of the credit-linked note. As of December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008,
the amount of credit-linked notes held by the Company in trading inventory was
immaterial.

221

      The following tables summarize the key characteristics of the Company’s
credit derivative portfolio as protection seller as of December 31, 2009 and
December 31, 2008:

Maximum potential

Fair

 In millions of dollars as
 of

amount of

value

 December 31, 2009

future payments

payable

 (1)

 By
 industry/counterparty

 Bank

$

807,484

$

34,666

 Broker-dealer

340,949

16,309

 Monoline

33

—

 Non-financial

13,221

262

 Insurance and
 other financial institutions

52,366

7,025

 Total by
 industry/counterparty

$

1,214,053

$

58,262

 By instrument

 Credit default swaps and
 options

$

1,213,208

$

57,987

 Total return
 swaps and other

845

275

 Total by
instrument

$

1,214,053

$

58,262

 By rating

 Investment grade

$

576,930

9,632

 Non-investment grade

339,920

28,664

 Not
 rated

297,203

19,966

 Total by rating

$

1,214,053

$

58,262

 (1)

In addition,
 fair value amounts receivable under credit derivatives sold were $24,234
 million.

Maximum potential

Fair

 In millions of dollars as
 of

amount of

value

 December 31, 2008

future payments

payable

 (1)

 By
 industry/counterparty

 Bank

$

943,949

$

118,428

 Broker-dealer

365,664

55,458

 Monoline

139

91

 Non-financial

7,540

2,556

 Insurance and
 other financial institutions

125,988

21,700

 Total by
 industry/counterparty

$

1,443,280

$

198,233

 By instrument

 Credit default swaps and
 options

$

1,441,375

$

197,981

 Total return
 swaps and other

1,905

252

 Total by
instrument

$

1,443,280

$

198,233

 By rating

 Investment grade

$

851,426

$

83,672

 Non-investment grade

410,483

87,508

 Not
 rated

181,371

27,053

 Total by rating

$

1,443,280

$

198,233

 (1)

In addition,
 fair value amounts receivable under credit derivatives sold were $5,890
 million.

     Citigroup evaluates the payment/performance risk of the credit
derivatives to which it stands as a protection seller based on the
credit rating which has been assigned to the underlying referenced credit. Where
external ratings by nationally recognized statistical rating organizations (such
as Moody’s and S&P) are used, investment grade ratings are considered to be
Baa/BBB

 or above, while anything
below is considered non-investment grade. The Citigroup internal ratings are in
line with the related external credit rating system. On certain underlying
referenced credit, mainly related to over-the-counter credit derivatives,
ratings are not available, and these are included in the not-rated category.
Credit derivatives written on an underlying non-investment grade referenced
credit represent greater payment risk to the Company. The non-investment grade
category in the table above primarily includes credit derivatives where the
underlying referenced entity has been downgraded subsequent to the inception of
the derivative.

The maximum potential amount of future
payments under credit derivative contracts presented in the table above is based
on the notional value of the derivatives. The Company believes that the maximum
potential amount of future payments for credit protection sold is not
representative of the actual loss exposure based on historical experience. This
amount has not been reduced by the Company’s rights to the underlying assets and
the related cash flows. In accordance with most credit derivative contracts,
should a credit event (or settlement trigger) occur, the Company is usually
liable for the difference between the protection sold and the recourse it holds
in the value of the underlying assets. Thus, if the reference entity defaults,
Citi will generally have a right to collect on the underlying reference credit
and any related cash flows, while being liable for the full notional amount of
credit protection sold to the buyer. Furthermore, this maximum potential amount
of future payments for credit protection sold has not been reduced for any cash
collateral paid to a given counterparty, as such payments would be calculated
after netting all derivative exposures, including any credit derivatives with
that counterparty in accordance with a related master netting agreement. Due to
such netting processes, determining the amount of collateral that corresponds to
credit derivative exposures only is not possible. The Company actively monitors
open credit risk exposures, and manages this exposure by using a variety of
strategies including purchased credit derivatives, cash collateral or direct
holdings of the referenced assets. This risk mitigation activity is not captured
in the table above.

Credit-Risk-Related Contingent Features in
Derivatives

Certain derivative instruments contain provisions that require the
Company to either post additional collateral or immediately settle any
outstanding liability balances upon the occurrence of a specified
credit-risk-related event. These events, which are defined by the existing
derivative contracts, are primarily downgrades in the credit ratings of the
Company and its affiliates. The fair value of all derivative instruments with
credit-risk-related contingent features that are in a liability position at
December 31, 2009 is $17 billion. The Company has posted $11 billion as
collateral for this exposure in the normal course of business as of December 31,
2009. Each downgrade would trigger additional collateral requirements for the
Company and its affiliates. In the event that each legal entity was
downgraded a single notch as of December 31, 2009, the Company would
be required to post additional collateral of $2.6 billion.

222

 25. CONCENTRATIONS OF CREDIT
RISK

Concentrations of
credit risk exist when changes in economic, industry or geographic factors
similarly affect groups of counterparties whose aggregate credit exposure is
material in relation to Citigroup’s total credit exposure. Although Citigroup’s
portfolio of financial instruments is broadly diversified along industry,
product, and geographic lines, material transactions are completed with other
financial institutions, particularly in the securities trading, derivatives, and
foreign exchange businesses.

In connection with the Company’s efforts to
maintain a diversified portfolio, the Company limits its exposure to any one
geographic region, country or individual creditor and monitors this exposure on
a continuous basis. At December 31, 2009, Citigroup’s most significant
concentration of credit risk was with the U.S. government and its agencies. The
Company’s exposure, which primarily results from trading assets and investments
issued by the U.S. government and its agencies, amounted to $126.6 billion and
$93.7 billion at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively. The Mexican and
Japanese governments and their agencies are the next largest exposures, which
are rated investment grade by both Moody’s and S&P. The Company’s exposure
to Mexico amounted to $41.4 billion and $35.0 billion at December 31, 2009 and
2008, respectively, and is composed of investment securities, loans and trading
assets. The Company’s exposure to Japan amounted to $31.8 billion and $29.1
billion at December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, and is composed of
investment securities, loans and trading assets.

 26. FAIR VALUE
MEASUREMENT

Effective
January 1, 2007, the Company adopted SFAS 157 (now ASC 820-10), which defines
fair value, establishes a consistent framework for measuring fair value and
expands disclosure requirements about fair value measurements. Among other
things, the standard requires the Company to maximize the use of observable
inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when measuring fair value. In
addition, it precludes the use of block discounts when measuring the fair value
of instruments traded in an active market; such discounts were previously
applied to large holdings of publicly traded equity securities. It also requires
recognition of trade-date gains related to certain derivative transactions whose
fair value has been determined using unobservable market inputs. This guidance
supersedes the guidance in Emerging Issues Task Force Issue No. 02-3, “Issues
Involved in Accounting for Derivative Contracts Held for Trading Purposes and
Contracts Involved in Energy Trading and Risk Management Activities” (EITF

Issue 02-3), which prohibited the
recognition of trade-date gains for such derivative transactions when
determining the fair value of instruments not traded in an active
market.

As a result of the adoption of the standard, the Company made amendments
to the techniques used in measuring the fair value of derivative and other
positions. These amendments change the way that the probability of default of a
counterparty is factored into the valuation of derivative positions, include for
the first time the impact of Citigroup’s own credit risk on derivatives and
other liabilities measured at fair value, and also eliminate the portfolio
servicing adjustment that is no longer necessary.

Fair Value
Hierarchy

ASC
820-10 also specifies a hierarchy of valuation techniques based on whether the
inputs to those valuation techniques are observable or unobservable. Observable
inputs reflect market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable
inputs reflect the Company’s market assumptions. These two types of inputs have
created the following fair-value hierarchy:

 Level 1: Quoted prices for identical instruments in
 active markets.

Level 2: Quoted prices for similar instruments in
 active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets
 that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant
 inputs and significant value drivers are 
observable in active markets.

Level 3: Valuations derived from
 valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or significant
 value drivers are unobservable.

     This hierarchy requires the use of observable market data when available.
The Company considers relevant and observable market prices in its valuations
where possible. The frequency of transactions, the size of the bid-ask spread
and the amount of adjustment necessary when comparing similar transactions are
all factors in determining the liquidity of markets and the relevance of
observed prices in those markets.

223

 Determination of Fair
Value

For assets
and liabilities carried at fair value, the Company measures such value using the
procedures set out below, irrespective of whether these assets and liabilities
are carried at fair value as a result of an election or whether they were
previously carried at fair value.

When available, the Company generally uses
quoted market prices to determine fair value and classifies such items as Level
1. In some cases where a market price is available, the Company will make use of
acceptable practical expedients (such as matrix pricing) to calculate fair
value, in which case the items are classified as Level
2.

If quoted market prices are not available, fair value is based upon
internally developed valuation techniques that use, where possible, current
market-based or independently sourced market parameters, such as interest rates,
currency rates, option volatilities, etc. Items valued using such internally
generated valuation techniques are classified according to the lowest level
input or value driver that is significant to the valuation. Thus, an item may be
classified in Level 3 even though there may be some significant inputs that are
readily observable.

Where available, the Company may also make use
of quoted prices for recent trading activity in positions with the same or
similar characteristics to that being valued. The frequency and size of
transactions and the amount of the bid-ask spread are among the factors
considered in determining the liquidity of markets and the relevance of observed
prices from those markets. If relevant and observable prices are available,
those valuations would be classified as Level 2. If prices are not available,
other valuation techniques would be used and the item would be classified as
Level 3.

Fair value estimates from internal valuation
techniques are verified, where possible, to prices obtained from independent
vendors or brokers. Vendors and brokers’ valuations may be based on a variety of
inputs ranging from observed prices to proprietary valuation
models.

The following section describes the valuation methodologies used by the
Company to measure various financial instruments at fair value, including an
indication of the level in the fair value hierarchy in which each instrument is
generally classified. Where appropriate, the description includes details of the
valuation models, the key inputs to those models as well as any significant
assumptions.

Securities purchased under agreements to
resell and securities sold under agreements to
repurchase

No quoted prices exist for such instruments and so fair value is
determined using a discounted cash-flow technique. Cash flows are estimated
based on the terms of the contract, taking into account any embedded derivative
or other features. Expected cash flows are discounted using market rates
appropriate to the maturity of the instrument as well as the nature and amount
of collateral taken or received. Generally, such instruments are classified
within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy as the inputs used in the fair
valuation are readily observable.

 Trading account assets and
liabilities—trading securities and trading
loans

When available, the Company uses quoted market prices to determine the
fair value of trading securities; such items are classified as Level 1 of the
fair value hierarchy. Examples include some government securities and
exchange-traded equity securities.

For bonds and secondary market loans traded
over the counter, the Company generally determines fair value utilizing internal
valuation techniques. Fair value estimates from internal valuation techniques
are verified, where possible, to prices obtained from independent vendors.
Vendors compile prices from various sources and may apply matrix pricing for
similar bonds or loans where no price is observable. If available, the Company
may also use quoted prices for recent trading activity of assets with similar
characteristics to the bond or loan being valued. Trading securities and loans
priced using such methods are generally classified as Level 2. However, when
less liquidity exists for a security or loan, a quoted price is stale or prices
from independent sources vary, a loan or security is generally classified as
Level 3.

Where the Company’s principal market for a
portfolio of loans is the securitization market, the Company uses the
securitization price to determine the fair value of the portfolio. The
securitization price is determined from the assumed proceeds of a hypothetical
securitization in the current market, adjusted for transformation costs (i.e.,
direct costs other than transaction costs) and securitization uncertainties such
as market conditions and liquidity. As a result of the severe reduction in the
level of activity in certain securitization markets since the second half of
2007, observable securitization prices for certain directly comparable
portfolios of loans have not been readily available. Therefore, such portfolios
of loans are generally classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.
However, for other loan securitization markets, such as those related to
conforming prime fixed-rate and conforming adjustable-rate mortgage loans,
pricing verification of the hypothetical securitizations has been possible,
since these markets have remained active. Accordingly, these loan portfolios are
classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy.

224

 Trading account assets and
liabilities—derivatives

Exchange-traded derivatives are generally fair
valued using quoted market (i.e., exchange) prices and so are classified as
Level 1 of the fair value
hierarchy.

The majority of derivatives entered into by
the Company are executed over the counter and so are valued using internal
valuation techniques as no quoted market prices exist for such instruments. The
valuation techniques and inputs depend on the type of derivative and the nature
of the underlying instrument. The principal techniques used to value these
instruments are discounted cash flows, Black-Scholes and Monte Carlo simulation.
The fair values of derivative contracts reflect cash the Company has paid or
received (for example, option premiums paid and
received).

The key inputs depend upon the type of
derivative and the nature of the underlying instrument and include interest rate
yield curves, foreign-exchange rates, the spot price of the underlying
volatility and correlation. The item is placed in either Level 2 or Level 3
depending on the observability of the significant inputs to the model.
Correlation and items with longer tenors are generally less
observable.

Subprime-related direct exposures in
CDOs

The
Company accounts for its CDO super-senior subprime direct exposures and the
underlying securities on a fair-value basis with all changes in fair value
recorded in earnings. Citigroup’s CDO super-senior subprime direct exposures are
not subject to valuation based on observable transactions. Accordingly, the fair
value of these exposures is based on management’s best estimates based on facts
and circumstances as of the date of these Consolidated Financial
Statements.

Citigroup’s CDO super-senior subprime direct
exposures are Level 3 assets. The valuation of the high-grade and mezzanine ABS
CDO positions uses trader prices based on the underlying assets of each
high-grade and mezzanine ABS CDO. Unlike the ABCP positions, the high-grade and
mezzanine positions are now largely hedged through the ABX and bond short
positions, which are trader priced. This results in closer symmetry in the way
these long and short positions are valued by the Company. Citigroup intends to
use trader marks to value this portion of the portfolio going forward so long as
it remains largely hedged.

The fair values of ABCP positions are
based on significant unobservable inputs. Fair value of these exposures are
based on estimates of future cash flows from the mortgage loans underlying the
assets of the ABS CDOs. To determine the performance of the underlying mortgage
loan portfolios, the Company estimates the prepayments, defaults and loss
severities based on a number of macroeconomic factors, including housing price
changes, unemployment rates, interest rates and borrower and loan attributes,
such as age, credit scores, documentation status, loan-to-value (LTV) ratios and
debt-to-income (DTI) ratios. The model is calibrated using available mortgage
loan information including historical loan performance. In addition, the
methodology estimates the impact of geographic concentration of mortgages and
the impact of reported fraud in the origination of subprime mortgages. An
appropriate discount rate is then applied to the cash flows generated for each
ABCP tranche, in order to estimate its fair value under current market
conditions.

      When necessary, the valuation methodology used by Citigroup is refined
and the inputs used for the purposes of estimation are modified, in part, to
reflect ongoing market developments. More specifically, the inputs of home price
appreciation (HPA) assumptions and delinquency data were updated along with
discount rates that are based upon a weighted average combination of implied
spreads from single name ABS bond prices and ABX indices, as well as CLO spreads
under current market conditions.

The housing-price changes were estimated using
a forward-looking projection, which incorporated the Loan Performance Index. In
addition, the Company’s mortgage default model also uses recent mortgage
performance data, a period of sharp home price declines and high levels of
mortgage foreclosures.

The valuation as of December 31, 2009 assumes
that U.S. housing prices are unchanged in 2010, increase 1.1% in 2011, increase
1.4% in 2012, and increase 3% from 2013
onwards.

In addition, the discount rates were based on
a weighted average combination of the implied spreads from single name ABS bond
prices, ABX indices and CLO spreads, depending on vintage and asset types. To
determine the discount margin, the Company applies the mortgage default model to
the bonds underlying the ABX indices and other referenced cash bonds and solves
for the discount margin that produces the current market prices of those
instruments.

The primary drivers that currently impact the
model valuations are the discount rates used to calculate the present value of
projected cash flows and projected mortgage loan
performance.

For most of the lending and structuring direct
subprime exposures (excluding super seniors), fair value is determined utilizing
observable transactions where available, other market data for similar assets in
markets that are not active and other internal valuation
techniques.

Investments

The investments category includes
available-for-sale debt and marketable equity securities, whose fair value is
determined using the same procedures described for trading securities above or,
in some cases, using vendor prices as the primary
source.

Also included in investments are nonpublic investments in private equity
and real estate entities held by the S&B business. Determining the fair
value of nonpublic securities involves a significant degree of management
resources and judgment as no quoted prices exist and such securities are
generally very thinly traded. In addition, there may be transfer restrictions on
private equity securities. The Company uses an established process for
determining the fair value of such securities, using commonly accepted valuation
techniques, including the use of earnings multiples based on comparable public
securities, industry-specific non-earnings-based multiples and discounted cash
flow models. In determining the fair value of nonpublic securities, the Company
also considers events such as a proposed sale of the investee company, initial
public offerings, equity issuances, or other observable
transactions.

Private equity securities are generally
classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

225

 Short-term borrowings and long-term
debt

Where fair value accounting has been elected, the fair value of
non-structured liabilities is determined by discounting expected cash flows
using the appropriate discount rate for the applicable maturity. Such
instruments are generally classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy as
all inputs are readily observable.

The Company determines the fair value of
structured liabilities (where performance is linked to structured interest
rates, inflation or currency risks) and hybrid financial instruments
(performance linked to risks other than interest rates, inflation or currency
risks) using the appropriate derivative valuation methodology (described above)
given the nature of the embedded risk profile. Such instruments are classified
as Level 2 or Level 3 depending on the observability of significant inputs to
the model.

Market valuation
adjustments

Liquidity adjustments are applied to items in Level 2 and Level 3 of the
fair value hierarchy to ensure that the fair value reflects the price at which
the entire position could be liquidated. The liquidity reserve is based on the
bid-offer spread for an instrument, adjusted to take into account the size of
the position.

Counterparty credit-risk adjustments are
applied to derivatives, such as over-the-counter derivatives, where the base
valuation uses market parameters based on the LIBOR interest rate curves. Not
all counterparties have the same credit risk as that implied by the relevant
LIBOR curve, so it is necessary to consider the market view of the credit risk
of a counterparty in order to estimate the fair value of such an
item.

Bilateral or “own” credit-risk adjustments are applied to reflect the
Company’s own credit risk when valuing derivatives and liabilities measured at
fair value. Counterparty and own credit adjustments consider the expected future
cash flows between Citi and its counterparties under the terms of the instrument
and the effect of credit risk on the valuation of those cash flows, rather than
a point-in-time assessment of the current recognized net asset or liability.
Furthermore, the credit-risk adjustments take into account the effect of
credit-risk mitigants, such as pledged collateral and any legal right of offset
(to the extent such offset exists) with a counterparty through arrangements such
as netting agreements.

 Auction rate
securities

Auction rate securities (ARS) are long-term municipal bonds, corporate
bonds, securitizations and preferred stocks with interest rates or dividend
yields that are reset through periodic auctions. The coupon paid in the current
period is based on the rate determined by the prior auction. In the event of an
auction failure, ARS holders receive a “fail rate” coupon, which is specified by
the original issue documentation of each
ARS.

Where insufficient orders to purchase all of the ARS issue to be sold in
an auction were received, the primary dealer or auction agent would
traditionally have purchased any residual unsold inventory (without a
contractual obligation to do so). This residual inventory would then be repaid
through subsequent auctions, typically in a short timeframe. Due to this auction
mechanism and generally liquid market, ARS have historically traded and were
valued as short-term instruments.

Citigroup acted in the capacity of primary
dealer for approximately $72 billion of ARS and continued to purchase residual
unsold inventory in support of the auction mechanism until mid-February 2008.
After this date, liquidity in the ARS market deteriorated significantly,
auctions failed due to a lack of bids from third-party investors, and Citigroup
ceased to purchase unsold inventory. Following a number of ARS refinancings, at
December 31, 2009, Citigroup continued to act in the capacity of primary dealer
for approximately $28.2 billion of outstanding
ARS.

The Company classifies its ARS as held-to-maturity, available-for-sale
and trading securities.

Prior to the Company’s first auction’s failing
in the first quarter of 2008, Citigroup valued ARS based on observation of
auction market prices, because the auctions had a short maturity period (7, 28
and 35 days). This generally resulted in valuations at par. Once the auctions
failed, ARS could no longer be valued using observation of auction market
prices. Accordingly, the fair value of ARS is currently estimated using
internally developed discounted cash flow valuation techniques specific to the
nature of the assets underlying each
ARS.

For ARS with U.S. municipal securities as underlying assets, future cash
flows are estimated based on the terms of the securities underlying each
individual ARS and discounted at an estimated discount rate in order to estimate
the current fair value. The key assumptions that impact the ARS valuations are
estimated prepayments and refinancings, estimated fail rate coupons (i.e., the
rate paid in the event of auction failure, which varies according to the current
credit rating of the issuer) and the discount rate used to calculate the present
value of projected cash flows. The discount rate used for each ARS is based on
rates observed for straight issuances of other municipal securities. In order to
arrive at the appropriate discount rate, these observed rates were adjusted
upward to factor in the specifics of the ARS structure being valued, such as
callability, and the illiquidity in the ARS market.

226

      For ARS with student loans as underlying assets, future cash flows are
estimated based on the terms of the loans underlying each individual ARS,
discounted at an appropriate rate in order to estimate the current fair value.
The key assumptions that impact the ARS valuations are the expected weighted
average life of the structure, estimated fail rate coupons, the amount of
leverage in each structure and the discount rate used to calculate the present
value of projected cash flows. The discount rate used for each ARS is based on
rates observed for basic securitizations with similar maturities to the loans
underlying each ARS being valued. In order to arrive at the appropriate discount
rate, these observed rates were adjusted upward to factor in the specifics of
the ARS structure being valued, such as callability, and the illiquidity in the
ARS market.

During the first quarter of 2008, ARS for
which the auctions failed and where no secondary market has developed were moved
to Level 3, as the assets were subject to valuation using significant
unobservable inputs. The majority of ARS continue to be classified as Level
3.

Alt-A mortgage
securities

The Company classifies its Alt-A mortgage securities as held-to-maturity,
available-for-sale, and trading investments. The securities classified as
trading and available-for-sale are recorded at fair value with changes in fair
value reported in current earnings and AOCI, respectively. For these purposes,
Alt-A mortgage securities are non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities
(RMBS) where (1) the underlying collateral has weighted average FICO scores
between 680 and 720 or (2) for instances where FICO scores are greater than 720,
RMBS have 30% or less of the underlying collateral composed of full
documentation loans.

Similar to the valuation methodologies used
for other trading securities and trading loans, the Company generally determines
the fair value of Alt-A mortgage securities utilizing internal valuation
techniques. Fair-value estimates from internal valuation techniques are
verified, where possible, to prices obtained from independent vendors. Vendors
compile prices from various sources. Where available, the Company may also make
use of quoted prices for recent trading activity in securities with the same or
similar characteristics to that being
valued.

The internal valuation techniques used for Alt-A mortgage securities, as
with other mortgage exposures, consider estimated housing price changes,
unemployment rates, interest rates and borrower attributes. They also consider
prepayment rates as well as other market
indicators.

Alt-A mortgage securities that are valued
using these methods are generally classified as Level 2. However, Alt-A mortgage
securities backed by Alt-A mortgages of lower quality or more recent vintages
are mostly classified as Level 3 due to the reduced liquidity that exists for
such positions, which reduces the reliability of prices available from
independent sources.

 Commercial real estate
exposure

Citigroup reports a number of different exposures linked to commercial
real estate at fair value with changes in fair value reported in earnings,
including securities, loans and investments in entities that hold commercial
real estate loans or commercial real estate directly. The Company also reports
securities backed by commercial real estate as Available-for-sale investments,
which are carried at fair value with changes in fair-value reported in
AOCI.

Similar to the valuation methodologies used for other trading securities
and trading loans, the Company generally determines the fair value of securities
and loans linked to commercial real estate utilizing internal valuation
techniques. Fair-value estimates from internal valuation techniques are
verified, where possible, to prices obtained from independent vendors. Vendors
compile prices from various sources. Where available, the Company may also make
use of quoted prices for recent trading activity in securities or loans with the
same or similar characteristics to that being valued. Securities and loans
linked to commercial real estate valued using these methodologies are generally
classified as Level 3 as a result of the reduced liquidity currently in the
market for such exposures.

The fair value of investments in entities that
hold commercial real estate loans or commercial real estate directly is
determined using a similar methodology to that used for other non-public
investments in real estate held by the S&B business. The Company uses an
established process for determining the fair value of such securities, using
commonly accepted valuation techniques, including the use of earnings multiples
based on comparable public securities, industry-specific non-earnings-based
multiples and discounted cash flow models. In determining the fair value of such
investments, the Company also considers events, such as a proposed sale of the
investee company, initial public offerings, equity issuances, or other
observable transactions. Such investments are generally classified as Level 3 of
the fair-value hierarchy.

Highly leveraged financing
commitments

The Company reports highly leveraged loans with a carrying value of
$36 million and face amount of $468 million at December 31, 2009 as
held-for-sale, which are measured on a LOCOM basis. The fair value of such
exposures is determined, where possible, using quoted secondary-market prices
and classified as Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy if there is a sufficient
level of activity in the market and quotes or traded prices are available with
suitable frequency.

However, due to the dislocation of the credit
markets and the reduced market interest in higher risk/higher yield instruments
since the latter half of 2007, liquidity in the market for highly leveraged
financings has been limited. Therefore, a majority of such exposures are
classified as Level 3 as quoted secondary market prices do not generally exist.
The fair value for such exposures is determined using quoted prices for a
similar asset or assets, adjusted for the specific attributes of the loan being
valued.

227

 Items
Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis

The following tables present for each of the
fair value hierarchy levels the Company’s assets and liabilities that are
measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2009 and 2008. The
Company often hedges positions that have been classified in the Level 3 category
with financial 

instruments that have been
classified as Level 1 or Level 2. In addition, the Company also hedges items
classified in the Level 3 category with instruments classified in Level 3 of the
fair value hierarchy. The effects of these hedges are presented gross in the
following table.

Gross

Net

 In millions of dollars at December
 31, 2009

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

inventory

Netting

(1)

balance

 Assets

 Federal funds sold and securities
 borrowed or purchased under

        agreements to
 resell

$

 —

$

138,550

$

 —

$

138,550

$

(50,713

)

$

87,837

 Trading securities

        Trading mortgage-backed
 securities

 U.S. government-sponsored agency guaranteed

$

 —

$

19,666

$

972

$

20,638

$

 —

$

20,638

 Prime

—

772

384

1,156

—

1,156

 Alt-A

—

842

387

1,229

—

1,229

 Subprime

—

736

8,998

9,734

—

9,734

 Non-U.S. residential

—

1,796

572

2,368

—

2,368

 Commercial

—

1,004

2,451

3,455

—

3,455

        Total trading mortgage-backed
 securities

$

 —

$

24,816

$

13,764

$

38,580

$

 —

$

38,580

        U.S. Treasury and federal
 agencies securities

 U.S. Treasury

$

27,943

$

995

$

 —

$

28,938

$

 —

$

28,938

 Agency obligations

—

2,041

—

2,041

—

2,041

        Total U.S. Treasury and
 federal agencies securities

$

27,943

$

3,036

$

 —

$

30,979

$

 —

$

30,979

        Other trading
 securities

        State and
 municipal

$

 —

$

6,925

$

222

$

7,147

$

 —

$

7,147

        Foreign
 government

59,229

13,081

459

72,769

—

72,769

        Corporate

—

43,365

8,620

51,985

—

51,985

        Equity
 securities

33,754

11,827

640

46,221

—

46,221

        Other debt
 securities

—

19,976

16,237

36,213

—

36,213

 Total trading
 securities

$

120,926

$

123,026

$

39,942

$

283,894

$

 —

$

283,894

 Derivatives

$

4,002

$

671,532

$

27,685

$

703,219

$

(644,340

)

$

58,879

 Investments

        Mortgage-backed
 securities

 U.S. government-sponsored agency guaranteed

$

89

$

20,823

$

2

$

20,914

$

 —

$

20,914

 Prime

—

5,742

736

6,478

—

6,478

 Alt-A

—

572

55

627

—

627

 Subprime

—

—

1

1

—

1

 Non-U.S. residential

—

255

—

255

—

255

 Commercial

—

47

746

793

—

793

        Total investment
 mortgage-backed securities

$

89

$

27,439

$

1,540

$

29,068

$

 —

$

29,068

        U.S. Treasury and federal
 agency securities

 U.S. Treasury

$

5,943

$

20,619

$

 —

$

26,562

$

 —

$

26,562

 Agency obligations

—

27,531

21

27,552

—

27,552

        Total U.S. Treasury and
 federal agency

$

5,943

$

48,150

$

21

$

54,114

$

 —

$

54,114

        State and
 municipal

$

 —

$

15,393

$

217

$

15,610

$

 —

$

15,610

        Foreign
 government

60,484

41,765

270

102,519

—

102,519

        Corporate

—

19,056

1,257

20,313

—

20,313

        Equity
 securities

3,056

237

2,513

5,806

—

5,806

        Other debt
 securities

—

3,337

8,832

12,169

—

12,169

        Non-marketable equity
 securities

—

77

6,753

6,830

—

6,830

 Total investments

$

69,572

$

155,454

$

21,403

$

246,429

$

 —

$

246,429

 Loans (2)

$

 —

$

1,226

$

213

$

1,439

$

 —

$

1,439

 Mortgage servicing
 rights

—

—

6,530

6,530

—

6,530

 Other financial assets measured on
 a recurring basis

—

15,787

1,101

16,888

(4,224

)

12,664

 Total assets

$

194,500

$

1,105,575

$

96,874

$

1,396,949

$

(699,277

)

$

697,672

13.9

%

79.2

%

6.9

%

100.0

%

228

Gross

Net

 In millions of dollars at December
 31, 2009

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

inventory

Netting

(1)

balance

 Liabilities

 Interest-bearing
 deposits

$

 —

$

1,517

$

28

$

1,545

$

 —

$

1,545

 Federal funds purchased and
 securities loaned or sold under

        agreements to
 repurchase

—

152,687

2,056

154,743

(50,713

)

104,030

 Trading account
 liabilities

        Securities sold, not yet
 purchased

52,399

20,233

774

73,406

—

73,406

        Derivatives

4,980

669,384

24,577

698,941

(634,835

)

64,106

 Short-term
 borrowings

—

408

231

639

—

639

 Long-term debt

—

16,288

9,654

25,942

—

25,942

 Other financial liabilities
 measured on a recurring basis

—

15,753

13

15,766

(4,224

)

11,542

 Total liabilities

$

57,379

$

876,270

$

37,333

$

970,982

$

(689,772

)

$

281,210

5.9

%

90.2

%

3.8

%

100.0

%

 (1)

Represents
 netting of: (i) the amounts due under securities purchased under
 agreements to resell and the amounts owed under securities sold under
 agreements to repurchase, and (ii) derivative exposures covered by a
 qualifying master netting agreement, cash collateral, and the market value
 adjustment.

 (2)

There is no
 allowance for loan losses recorded for loans reported at fair
 value.

Gross

Net

 In millions of dollars at December
 31, 2008

Level 1

Level 2

Level 3

inventory

Netting

(1)

balance

 Assets

 Federal funds sold and securities
 borrowed or purchased under

        agreements to
 resell

$

 —

$

96,524

$

 —

$

96,524

$

(26,219

) 

$

70,305

 Trading account
 assets

        Trading securities and
 loans

90,530

121,043

50,773

262,346

—

262,346

        Derivatives

9,675

1,102,252

60,725

1,172,652

(1,057,363

) 

115,289

 Investments

44,342

111,836

28,273

184,451

—

184,451

 Loans (2)

—

2,572

160

2,732

—

2,732

 Mortgage servicing
 rights

—

—

5,657

5,657

—

5,657

 Other financial assets measured on
 a recurring basis

—

25,540

359

25,899

(4,527

) 

21,372

 Total assets

$

144,547

$

1,459,767

$

145,947

$

1,750,261

$

(1,088,109

)

$

662,152

8.3

%

83.4

%

8.3

%

100.0

%

 Liabilities

 Interest-bearing
 deposits

$

 —

$

2,552

$

54

$

2,606

$

 —

$

2,606

 Federal funds purchased and
 securities loaned or sold under

        agreements to
 repurchase

—

153,918

11,167

165,085

(26,219

) 

138,866

 Trading account
 liabilities

        Securities sold, not yet
 purchased

36,848

13,192

653

50,693

—

50,693

        Derivatives

10,038

1,094,435

57,139

1,161,612

(1,046,505

) 

115,107

 Short-term
 borrowings

—

16,278

1,329

17,607

—

17,607

 Long-term debt

—

16,065

11,198

27,263

—

27,263

 Other financial liabilities
 measured on a recurring basis

—

18,093

1

18,094

(4,527

) 

13,567

 Total liabilities

$

46,886

$

1,314,533

$

81,541

$

1,442,960

$

(1,077,251

)

$

365,709

3.2

%

91.1

%

5.7

%

100.0

%

 (1)

Represents
 netting of: (i) the amounts due under securities purchased under
 agreements to resell and the amounts owed under securities sold under
 agreements to repurchase, and (ii) derivative exposures covered by a
 qualifying master netting agreement, cash collateral, and the market value
 adjustment.

 (2)

There is no
 allowance for loan losses recorded for loans reported at fair
 value.

229

 Changes in
Level 3 Fair Value Category

The following tables present the changes in
the Level 3 fair value category for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008.
The Company classifies financial instruments in Level 3 of the fair value
hierarchy when there is reliance on at least one significant unobservable input
to the valuation model. In addition to these unobservable inputs, the valuation
models for Level 3 financial instruments typically also rely on a number of
inputs that are readily observable either directly or indirectly. Thus, the
gains and losses presented below include changes in the fair value related to
both observable and unobservable inputs. 

     The Company often
hedges positions with offsetting positions that are classified in a different
level. For example, the gains and losses for assets and liabilities in the Level
3 category presented in the tables below do not reflect the effect of offsetting
losses and gains on hedging instruments that have been classified by the Company
in the Level 1 and Level 2 categories. In addition, the Company hedges items
classified in the Level 3 category with instruments also classified in Level 3
of the fair value hierarchy. The effects of these hedges are presented gross in
the following tables.

Net
 realized/unrealized

Transfers

Purchases,

Unrealized

gains (losses) included
 in

in and/or

issuances

gains

December 31,

Principal

out of

and

December 31,

(losses)

 In millions of
 dollars

2008

transactions

Other

(1)(2)

Level 3

settlements

2009

still held

(3)

 Assets

 Trading securities

        Trading mortgage-backed
 securities

 U.S. government-sponsored agency guaranteed

$

1,325

$

243

$

 —

$

35

$

(631

)

$

972

$

317

 Prime

147

(295

)

—

498

34

384

(179

)

 Alt-A

1,153

(78

)

—

(374

)

(314

)

387

73

 Subprime

13,844

233

—

(997

)

(4,082

)

8,998

472

 Non-U.S. residential

858

(23

)

—

(617

)

354

572

125

 Commercial

2,949

(256

)

—

362

(604

)

2,451

(762

)

        Total trading mortgage-backed
 securities

$

20,276

$

(176

)

$

 —

$

(1,093

)

$

(5,243

)

$

13,764

$

46

        U.S. Treasury and federal
 agencies securities

 U.S. Treasury

$

—

$

—

$

 —

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

—

 Agency obligations

59

(108

)

—

(54

)

103

—

—

        Total U.S. Treasury and
 federal

 agencies securities

$

59

$

(108

)

$

 —

$

(54

)

$

103

$

—

$

—

        State and
 municipal

$

233

$

(67

)

$

 —

$

219

$

(163

)

$

222

$

4

        Foreign
 government

1,261

112

—

(396

)

(518

)

459

3

        Corporate

13,027

(184

)

—

(1,492

)

(2,731

)

8,620

(449

)

        Equity
 securities

1,387

260

—

(1,147

)

140

640

(22

)

        Other debt
 securities

14,530

1,637

—

(2,520

)

2,590

16,237

53

 Total trading
 securities

$

50,773

$

1,474

$

—

$

(6,483

)

$

(5,822

)

$

39,942

$

(365

)

 Derivatives, net (4)

$

3,586

$

(4,878

)

$

 —

$

80

$

4,320

$

3,108

$

(4,854

)

 Investments

        Mortgage-backed
 securities

 U.S. government-sponsored agency guaranteed

$

—

$

—

$

1

$

77

$

(76

)

$

2

$

—

 Prime

1,163

—

201

61

(689

)

736

417

 Alt-A

111

—

42

(61

)

(37

)

55

—

 Subprime

25

—

(7

)

(19

)

2

1

—

 Commercial

964

—

87

(461

)

156

746

8

        Total investment
 mortgage-backed

 debt securities

$

2,263

$

—

$

324

$

(403

)

$

(644

)

$

1,540

$

425

        U.S. Treasury and federal
 agencies securities

 Agency obligations

$

—

$

—

$

 —

$

26

$

(5

)

$

21

$

—

        Total U.S. Treasury and
 federal

 agencies securities

$

—

$

—

$

 —

$

26

$

(5

)

$

21

$

—

        State and
 municipal

$

222

$

—

$

2

$

(13

)

$

6

$

217

$

—

        Foreign
 government

571

—

(6

)

(302

)

7

270

(3

)

        Corporate

1,019

—

13

762

(537

)

1,257

16

        Equity
 securities

3,807

—

(453

)

(146

)

(695

)

2,513

41

        Other debt
 securities

11,324

—

279

(1,292

)

(1,479

)

8,832

(81

)

        Non-marketable equity
 securities

9,067

—

(538

)

(137

)

(1,639

)

6,753

69

 Total investments

$

28,273

$

—

$

(379

)

$

(1,505

)

$

(4,986

)

$

21,403

$

467

230

Net
 realized/unrealized

Transfers

Purchases,

Unrealized

gains (losses) included
 in

in and/or

issuances

gains

December 31,

Principal

out of

and

December 31,

(losses)

 In millions of
 dollars

2008

transactions

Other

 (1)
 (2)

Level 3

settlements

2009

still held

 (3)

 Loans

$

160

$

—

$

51

$

7

$

(5

)

$

213

$

9

 Mortgage servicing
 rights

5,657

—

1,543

—

(670

)

6,530

1,582

 Other financial assets measured on
 a

        recurring
 basis

359

—

305

761

(324

)

1,101

215

 Liabilities

 Interest-bearing
 deposits

$

54

$

—

$

2

$

(6

)

$

(18

)

$

28

$

(14

)

 Federal funds purchased and
 securities

        loaned or sold under
 agreements

        to
 repurchase

11,167

359

—

(8,601

)

(151

)

2,056

250

 Trading account
 liabilities

        Securities
 sold, not yet purchased

653

(11

)

—

(180

)

290

774

(52

)

 Short-term
 borrowings

1,329

(48

)

—

(775

)

(371

)

231

(76

)

 Long-term debt

11,198

(290

)

—

(504

)

(1,330

)

9,654

124

 Other financial liabilities
 measured on a

        recurring
 basis

1

—

(75

)

—

(63

)

13

—

Net
 realized/unrealized

Transfers

Purchases,

Unrealized

gains (losses) included
 in

in and/or

issuances

gains

December 31,

Principal

out of

and

December 31,

(losses)

 In millions of
 dollars

2007

transactions

Other

 (1)
 (2)

Level 3

settlements

2008

still held

 (3)

 Assets

 Securities purchased under agreements

        to resell

$

16

$

—

$

 —

$

—

$

(16

)

$

—

$

—

 Trading account assets

        Trading securities and
 loans

75,573

(28,052

)

—

7,418

(4,166

)

50,773

(19,572

)

        Derivatives, net (4)

(2,470

)

7,804

—

(2,188

)

440

3,586

9,622

 Investments

17,060

—

(4,917

)

5,787

10,343

28,273

(801

)

 Loans

9

—

(15

)

—

166

160

(19

)

 Mortgage servicing rights

8,380

—

(1,870

)

—

(853

)

5,657

(1,870

)

 Other financial assets measured on
 a

        recurring basis

1,171

—

86

422

(1,320

)

359

86

 Liabilities

 Interest-bearing deposits

$

56

$

(5

)

$

—

$

13

$

(20

)

$

54

$

(3

)

 Securities sold under agreements

        to repurchase

6,158

(273

)

—

6,158

(1,422

)

11,167

(136

)

 Trading account
 liabilities

        Securities sold, not yet
 purchased

473

153

—

1,036

(703

)

653

328

 Short-term borrowings

5,016

106

—

(1,798

)

(1,783

)

1,329

(63

)

 Long-term debt

8,953

2,228

—

38,792

(34,319

)

11,198

1,115

 Other financial liabilities measured on a

        recurring basis

1

—

(61

)

—

(61

)

1

—

 (1)       

Changes in fair value for available-for-sale investments (debt
 securities) are recorded in 
Accumulated other comprehensive
 income

, while
 gains and losses from sales are recorded in 
Realized gains (losses) from sales
 of investments 

on the Consolidated Statement of Income.

 (2)

Unrealized gains (losses) on MSRs are recorded in 
Commissions and fees

on the
 Consolidated Statement of Income.

 (3)

Represents the amount of total gains or losses for the period,
 included in earnings (and 
Accumulated other comprehensive
 income 

for
 changes in fair value for available-for-sale investments), attributable to
 the change in fair value relating to assets and liabilities classified as
 Level 3 that are still held at December 31, 2009 and 2008.

 (4)

Total Level 3 derivative exposures have been netted in these tables
 for presentation purposes only.

231

      The following is a discussion of the changes to the Level 3 balances for
each of the roll-forward tables presented above.

The significant changes
from December 31, 2008 to December 31, 2009 in Level 3 assets and liabilities
are due to:

 A net decrease in
 trading securities of $10.8 billion that was driven by:

–  Net transfers of $6.5 billion,
due mainly to the transfer of debt securities from Level 3 to Level 2 due to
increased liquidity and pricing transparency; and 

–  Net settlements of $5.8 billion,
due primarily to the liquidations of subprime securities of $4.1 billion.

 The change in
 net trading derivatives driven by: 

–  A net loss of $4.9 billion
relating to complex derivative contracts, such as those linked to credit, equity
and commodity exposures. 
These
losses include both realized and unrealized losses during 2009 and are partially
offset by gains recognized in instruments that have been classified in Levels 1
and 2; and

–  Net increase in derivative assets of $4.3 billion, which
includes cash settlements of derivative contracts in an unrealized loss
position, notably those linked to subprime exposures.

 The decrease in Level
 3 Investments of $6.9 billion primarily resulted from: 

–  A reduction of $5.0 billion, due
mainly to paydowns on debt securities and sales of private equity
investments; 

–  The net transfer of investment
securities from Level 3 to Level 2 of $1.5 billion, due to increased
availability of observable pricing inputs; and 

–  Net losses recognized of $0.4
billion due mainly to losses on non-marketable equity securities including
write-downs on private equity investments.

 The decrease in
 securities sold under agreements to repurchase of $9.1 billion is driven by a
 $8.6 billion net transfers from Level 3 to Level 2 as effective maturity dates
 on structured repos have shortened.

 The decrease in
 long-term debt of $1.5 billion is driven mainly by  $1.3 billion of net
 terminations of structured notes.

      The significant changes from December 31, 2007 to December 31, 2008 in
Level 3 are due to: 

 A net decrease in
 trading securities and loans of $24.8 billion that was driven by:

–  Net realized and unrealized
losses of $28.1 billion recorded in 
Principal transactions

, which was composed mostly of write-downs recognized on various trading
securities including ABCP of $9 billion; 

–  Net transfers in of $7.4 billion,
which consisted of approximately $26 billion of net transfers in from Level 2 as
the availability of observable pricing inputs continued to decline due to the
current credit crisis, offset by transfers out of Level 3 of approximately $19
billion primarily related to Level 3 trading inventory being reclassified to
held-to-maturity investments during the fourth quarter of 2008; and

–  Net settlements of trading
securities of $4.2 billion. 

 The shift in the net
 unrealized gains/(losses) from trading derivatives driven by:

–  A net gain of $7.8 billion
relating to complex derivative contracts, such as those linked to credit, equity
and commodity exposures. 
These
gains include both realized and unrealized gains and are partially offset by
losses recognized in instruments that have been classified in Levels 1 and 2;
and

–  $2.2 billion in net transfers in.

 The increase in
 Investments of $11.2 billion primarily resulted from: 

–  The addition of $10.3 billion
from net purchases, issuances and settlements, which included $8.7 billion in
senior debt securities retained by the Company from its sale of a corporate loan
portfolio that included highly leveraged loans during the second quarter of
2008, plus $3 billion of ARS securities purchased from 
GWM

 clients, in
accordance with the Auction Rate Securities settlement agreement; 

–  The net transfer in of investment
securities from Level 2 of $5.8 billion, as the availability of observable
pricing inputs continued to decline due to the current credit crisis; and

–  Net losses recognized of $4.9
billion which was recorded in 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) primarily related to Alt-A
MBS classified as available-for-sale investments. 

232

 The decrease in Mortgage Servicing
 Rights of $2.7 billion was primarily 
attributed to mark-to-market losses recognized in the portfolio due
 to 
decreases in the mortgage
 interest rates and increases in refinancing.

The increase in Securities sold
 under agreements to repurchase of $5 
billion is driven by a $6.2 billion increase from net transfers in as
 the 
continued credit crisis
 impacted the availability of observable inputs 
for the underlying securities related to
 this liability. This was offset by a 
reduction from net settlements of $1.4 billion.

The decrease in short-term
 borrowings of $3.7 billion is due to net transfers 
out of $1.8 billion as valuation methodology
 inputs considered to be 
unobservable were determined not to be significant to the overall
 valuation. 
In addition, net
 payments of $1.8 billion were made during the year.

The increase in long-term debt of
 $2.2 billion is driven by: 

–  The net transfers in of $38.8
billion, substantially all of which related to the transfer of consolidated SIV
debt in the first quarter of 2008, as the availability of observable inputs
continued to decline due to the current crisis; offset by 

–  $2.2 billion in gains recognized
as credit spreads widened during the year; and

–  $34.3 billion decrease from net
settlements/payments. Included in these settlements were $21 billion of payments
made on maturing SIV debt and the replacement of $17 billion of non-recourse,
consolidated SIV debt classified as Level 3 with Citigroup debt classified as
Level 2. This replacement occurred in connection with the purchase of the SIV
assets by the Company in November 2008. 

 Items Measured at Fair Value on a
Nonrecurring Basis

Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a
nonrecurring basis and therefore are not included in the tables
above.

These include assets measured at cost that have been written down to fair
value during the periods as a result of an impairment. In addition, these assets
include loans held-for-sale that are measured at LOCOM that were recognized at
fair value below cost at the end of the period. 

The fair value of loans measured on a LOCOM
basis is determined where possible using quoted secondary-market prices. Such
loans are generally classified as Level 2 of the fair-value hierarchy given the
level of activity in the market and the frequency of available quotes. If no
such quoted price exists, the fair value of a loan is determined using quoted
prices for a similar asset or assets, adjusted for the specific attributes of
that loan. 

The following table presents all loans
held-for-sale that are carried at LOCOM as of December 31, 2009 and 2008 (in
billions): 

Aggregate

cost

Fair value

Level 2

Level 3

 December 31, 2009

$2.5

$1.6

$0.3

$1.3

 December 31,
 2008

3.1

2.1

0.8

1.3

233

 27. FAIR VALUE
ELECTIONS

The Company
may elect to report most financial instruments and certain other items at fair
value on an instrument-by-instrument basis with changes in fair value reported
in earnings. After the initial adoption, the election is made upon the
acquisition of an eligible financial asset, financial liability or firm
commitment or when certain specified reconsideration events occur. The
fair-value election may not be revoked once an election is
made. 

Additionally, the transition provisions of ASC
825-10 (SFAS 159) permit a one-time election for existing positions at the
adoption date with a cumulative-effect adjustment included in opening retained
earnings and future changes in fair value reported in earnings.

     The Company also has elected to adopt the fair value accounting
provisions for certain assets and liabilities prospectively. Hybrid financial
instruments, such as structured notes containing embedded derivatives that
otherwise would require bifurcation, as well as certain interest-only
instruments, may be accounted for at fair value if the Company makes an
irrevocable election to do so on an instrument-by-instrument basis. The changes
in fair value are recorded in current earnings. Additional discussion regarding
the applicable areas in which fair value elections were made is presented in
Note 26 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements. 

All servicing rights must now be recognized
initially at fair value. At its initial adoption, the standard permitted a
one-time irrevocable election to re-measure each class of servicing rights at
fair value, with the changes in fair value recorded in current earnings. The
classes of servicing rights are identified based on the availability of market
inputs used in determining their fair values and the methods for managing their
risks. The Company has elected fair-value accounting for its mortgage and
student loan classes of servicing rights. The impact of adopting this standard
was not material. See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for
further discussions regarding the accounting and reporting of mortgage servicing
rights. 

234

The following table
presents, as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, the fair value of those positions
selected for fair-value accounting, as well as the changes in fair value for the
years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008:

Changes in

Changes in

fair value

fair value

Fair value at

Fair value at

gains

gains

December 31,

December 31,

(losses)

(losses)

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

2009

2008

(1)

 Assets

 Federal funds sold and securities borrowed or purchased under
 agreements to resell

        Selected portfolios of
 securities purchased under agreements to resell, securities borrowed (2)

$

87,837

$

70,305

$

(864

)

$

2,438

 Trading account assets

        Legg Mason convertible
 preferred equity securities originally classified as
 available-for-sale

$

—

$

—

$

—

$

(13

)

        Selected letters of
 credit hedged by credit default swaps or participation notes

30

—

64

—

        Certain credit
 products

14,338

16,254

5,916

(6,272

)

        Certain hybrid financial
 instruments

—

33

—

3

        Retained interests from
 asset securitizations

2,357

3,026

2,024

(1,890

)

 Total trading
 account assets

$

16,725

$

19,313

$

8,004

$

(8,172

)

 Investments

        Certain investments in
 private equity and real estate ventures

$

321

$

469

$

(67

)

$

(254

)

        Other

253

295

(70

)

(35

)

 Total
 investments

$

574

$

764

$

(137

)

$

(289

)

 Loans

        Certain credit
 products

$

945

$

2,315

$

35

$

(60

)

        Certain mortgage
 loans

34

36

3

(34

)

        Certain hybrid financial
 instruments

460

381

27

19

 Total
 loans

$

1,439

$

2,732

$

65

$

(75

)

 Other assets

        Mortgage servicing
 rights

$

6,530

$

5,657

$

1,543

$

(1,870

)

        Certain mortgage
 loans

3,338

4,273

35

78

        Certain equity method
 investments

598

936

211

(362

)

 Total other
 assets

$

10,466

$

10,866

$

1,789

$

(2,154

)

 Total

$

117,041

$

103,980

$

8,857

$

(8,252

)

 Liabilities

 Interest-bearing deposits

        Certain structured
 liabilities

$

167

$

320

$

—

$

—

        Certain hybrid financial
 instruments

1,378

2,286

(701

)

640

 Total
 interest-bearing deposits

$

1,545

$

2,606

$

(701

)

$

640

 Federal funds purchased and
 securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase

        Selected portfolios of
 securities sold under agreements to repurchase, securities loaned (2)

$

104,030

$

138,866

$

155

$

(319

)

 Trading account
 liabilities

        Selected letters of
 credit hedged by credit default swaps or participation notes

$

—

$

72

$

37

$

(81

)

        Certain hybrid financial
 instruments

5,325

4,679

(2,360

)

4,663

 Total trading
 account liabilities

$

5,325

$

4,751

$

(2,323

)

$

4,582

 Short-term borrowings

        Certain
 non-collateralized short-term borrowings

$

140

$

2,303

$

(19

)

$

(9

)

        Certain hybrid financial
 instruments

499

2,112

(100

)

277

        Certain structured
 liabilities

—

3

—

1

        Certain non-structured
 liabilities

—

13,189

(33

)

250

 Total short-term
 borrowings

$

639

$

17,607

$

(152

)

$

519

 Long-term debt

        Certain structured
 liabilities

$

3,666

$

3,083

$

(268

)

$

160

        Certain non-structured
 liabilities

8,008

7,189

(303

)

3,802

        Certain hybrid financial
 instruments

14,268

16,991

(2,612

)

3,730

 Total
 long-term debt

$

25,942

$

27,263

$

(3,183

)

$

7,692

 Total

$

137,481

$

191,093

$

(6,204

)

$

13,114

 (1)       

Reclassified to conform to current period’s
 presentation.

 (2)

Reflects netting of the amounts due from securities purchased under
 agreements to resell and the amounts owed under securities sold under
 agreements to repurchase.

235

 Own Credit Valuation
Adjustment

The fair
value of debt liabilities for which the fair value option was elected (other
than non-recourse and similar liabilities) was impacted by the narrowing of the
Company’s credit spreads. The estimated change in the fair value of these debt
liabilities due to such changes in the Company’s own credit risk (or
instrument-specific credit risk) was a loss of $4.226 billion and a gain of
$4.558 billion for the years ended December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively.
Changes in fair value resulting from changes in instrument-specific credit risk
were estimated by incorporating the Company’s current observable credit spreads
into the relevant valuation technique used to value each liability as described
above.

During the fourth quarter of 2008, the Company changed the source of its
credit spreads from those observed in the credit default swap market to those
observed in the bond market. Had this modification been in place since the
beginning of 2008, the change in the Company’s own credit spread would have
resulted in a gain of $2.49 billion and a gain of $2.02 billion for the three
and twelve months ended December 31, 2008, respectively. See also Note 1 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of the Company’s
correction of an error in the calculation of CVA for prior
periods.

The Fair Value Option for Financial
Assets and Financial Liabilities

Selected portfolios of securities purchased under agreements to resell,
securities borrowed, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, securities
loaned and certain non-collateralized short-term
borrowings

The
Company elected the fair value option retrospectively for our United States and
United Kingdom portfolios of fixed-income securities purchased under agreements
to resell and fixed-income securities sold under agreements to repurchase (and
certain non-collateralized short-term borrowings). The fair value option was
also elected prospectively in the second quarter of 2007 for certain portfolios
of fixed-income securities lending and borrowing transactions based in Japan. In
each case, the election was made because the related interest-rate risk is
managed on a portfolio basis, primarily with derivative instruments that are
accounted for at fair value through earnings. Previously, these positions were
accounted for on an accrual basis.

     Changes in fair value for transactions in these portfolios are recorded
in 
Principal transactions

. The related interest revenue and interest
expense are measured based on the contractual rates specified in the
transactions and are reported as interest revenue and expense in the
Consolidated Statement of Income.

 Legg Mason convertible preferred equity
securities

The
Legg Mason convertible preferred equity securities (Legg shares) were acquired
in connection with the sale of Citigroup’s Asset Management business in December
2005. Prior to the election of fair value option accounting, the shares were
classified as available-for-sale securities with the unrealized loss of $232
million as of December 31, 2006 included in 
Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

.
This unrealized loss was recorded upon election of a fair value as a reduction
of January 1, 2007 
Retained earnings 

as
part of the cumulative-effect adjustment.

During the first quarter of
2008, the Company sold the remaining 8.4 million Legg shares at a pretax loss of
$10.3 million ($6.7 million after-tax). 

Selected letters of credit and revolving loans hedged by credit default
swaps or participation notes

The Company has elected the fair value option
for certain letters of credit that are hedged with derivative instruments or
participation notes. Upon electing the fair value option, the related portions
of the allowance for loan losses and the allowance for unfunded lending
commitments were reversed. Citigroup elected the fair value option for these
transactions because the risk is managed on a fair value basis and mitigates
accounting mismatches. 

The notional amount of these unfunded letters
of credit was $1.8 billion as of December 31, 2009 and $1.4 billion as of
December 31, 2008. The amount funded was insignificant with no amounts 90 days
or more past due or on a non-accrual status at December 31, 2009 and
2008. 

These items have been classified in

Trading account assets

 or 
Trading account liabilities

 on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Changes in fair value of these items
are classified in 
Principal transactions

 in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of
Income. 

Certain credit products 

Citigroup has elected the fair value option
for certain originated and purchased loans, including certain unfunded loan
products, such as guarantees and letters of credit, executed by Citigroup’s
trading businesses. None of these credit products is a highly leveraged
financing commitment. Significant groups of transactions include loans and
unfunded loan products that are expected to be either sold or securitized in the
near term, or transactions where the economic risks are hedged with derivative
instruments such as purchased credit default swaps or total return swaps where
the Company pays the total return on the underlying loans to a third party.
Citigroup has elected the fair value option to mitigate accounting mismatches in
cases where hedge accounting is complex and to achieve operational
simplifications. Fair value was not elected for most lending transactions across
the Company, including where those management objectives would not be
met.

236

The following table
provides information about certain credit products carried at fair
value:

December 31, 2009

December 31,
 2008

 (1)

 In millions of
 dollars

Trading assets

Loans

Trading assets

Loans

 Carrying amount reported on the
 Consolidated Balance Sheet

$14,338

$945

$16,254

$2,315

 Aggregate unpaid principal balance in excess of fair
value

390

(44

)

6,501

3

 Balance of non-accrual loans or
 loans more than 90 days past due

312

—

77

—

 Aggregate unpaid
 principal balance in excess of fair value for non-accrual
        loans or loans more than 90
 days past due

267

—

190

—

 (1)       

 Reclassified
 to conform to current period’s
presentation.

      In addition to the amounts reported above, $200 million and $72 million
of unfunded loan commitments related to certain credit products selected for
fair value accounting were outstanding as of December 31, 2009 and 2008,
respectively. 

Changes in fair value of funded and unfunded
credit products are classified in 
Principal transactions

 in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Income. Related interest
revenue is measured based on the contractual interest rates and reported
as
 Interest revenue

 on trading account assets or loans depending
on their balance sheet classifications. The changes in fair value for the years
ended December 31, 2009 and 2008 due to instrument-specific credit risk totaled
to a gain of $5.9 billion and a loss of $6.0 billion,
respectively.

 Certain hybrid financial instruments

The Company has elected to apply fair value
accounting for certain hybrid financial assets and liabilities whose performance
is linked to risks other than interest rate, foreign exchange or inflation
(e.g., equity, credit or commodity risks). In addition, the Company has elected
fair value accounting for residual interests retained from securitizing certain
financial assets. 

The Company has elected fair value accounting
for these instruments because these exposures are considered to be
trading-related positions and, therefore, are managed on a fair value basis. In
addition, the accounting for these instruments is simplified under a fair value
approach as it eliminates the complicated operational requirements of
bifurcating the embedded derivatives from the host contracts and accounting for
each separately. The hybrid financial instruments are classified as 
Trading account assets, Loans

, 
Deposits

,

Trading account liabilitie

s (for prepaid derivatives), 
Short-term borrowings

 or 
Long-term debt

 on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet
according to their legal form, while residual interests in certain
securitizations are classified as 
Trading account assets

. 
     For hybrid
financial instruments for which fair value accounting has been elected and that
are classified as 

Long-term debt

, the aggregate unpaid principal exceeded the
aggregate fair value by $3.4 billion and $4.1 billion as of December 31, 2009
and 2008, respectively. The difference for those instruments classified as

Loans

 is immaterial.

      Changes in fair value
for hybrid financial instruments, which in most cases includes a component for
accrued interest, are recorded in Principal transactions

 in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Income.
Interest accruals for certain hybrid instruments classified as trading assets
are recorded separately from the change in fair value as 

Interest revenue

 in
the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Income.

Certain investments in private
equity and real estate ventures and certain equity method
investments

Citigroup invests
in private equity and real estate ventures for the purpose of earning investment
returns and for capital appreciation. The Company has elected the fair value
option for certain of these ventures, because such investments are considered
similar to many private equity or hedge fund activities in our investment
companies, which are reported at fair value. The fair value option brings
consistency in the accounting and evaluation of certain of these investments.
All investments (debt and equity) in such private equity and real estate
entities are accounted for at fair value. These investments are classified
as
 Investments 

on Citigroup’s Consolidated Balance
Sheet.      

Citigroup also holds various non-strategic
investments in leveraged buyout funds and other hedge funds that previously were
required to be accounted for under the equity method. The Company elected fair
value accounting to reduce operational and accounting complexity. Since the
funds account for all of their underlying assets at fair value, the impact of
applying the equity method to Citigroup’s investment in these funds was
equivalent to fair value accounting. Thus, this fair value election had no
impact on opening 

Retained earnings

.
These investments are classified as 
Other assets 

on
Citigroup’s Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
     Changes in the fair values of these
investments are classified in 

Other revenue

 in
the Company’s Consolidated Statement of
Income.

237

 Certain mortgage loans

Citigroup has elected the fair value option
for certain purchased and originated prime fixed-rate and conforming
adjustable-rate first mortgage loans held-for-sale. These loans are intended for
sale or securitization and are hedged with derivative instruments. The Company
has elected the fair value option to mitigate accounting mismatches in cases
where hedge

 accounting is complex
and to achieve operational simplifications. The fair value option was not
elected for loans held-for-investment, as those loans are not hedged with
derivative instruments.

The following table provides information about
certain mortgage loans carried at fair value:

 In millions of
 dollars

December 31, 2009

December 31,
 2008

 Carrying amount reported on the
 Consolidated Balance Sheet

$

3,338

$

4,273

 Aggregate fair value in excess of unpaid principal
balance

55

138

 Balance of non-accrual loans or
 loans more than 90 days past due

4

9

 Aggregate unpaid
 principal balance in excess of fair value for
 non-accrual       loans or loans
 more than 90 days past due

3

2

      The changes in fair values of these mortgage loans are reported in

Other revenue 

in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of
Income. The changes in fair value during the years ended December 31, 2009 and
2008 due to instrument-specific credit risk resulted in a $10 million loss and
$32 million loss, respectively. Related interest income continues to be measured
based on the contractual interest rates and reported as such in the Consolidated
Statement of Income.

 Mortgage servicing rights

The Company accounts for mortgage servicing
rights (MSRs) at fair value. Fair value for MSRs is determined using an
option-adjusted spread valuation approach. This approach consists of projecting
servicing cash flows under multiple interest-rate scenarios and discounting
these cash flows using risk-adjusted rates. The model assumptions used in the
valuation of MSRs include mortgage prepayment speeds and discount rates. The
fair value of MSRs is primarily affected by changes in prepayments that result
from shifts in mortgage interest rates. In managing this risk, the Company
hedges a significant portion of the values of its MSRs through the use of
interest-rate derivative contracts, forward-purchase commitments of
mortgage-backed securities, and purchased securities classified as trading. See
Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussions
regarding the accounting and reporting of MSRs. 

These MSRs, which totaled $6.5 billion and
$5.7 billion as of December 31, 2009 and 2008, respectively, are classified as

Mortgage servicing rights

 on Citigroup’s Consolidated Balance Sheet.
Changes in fair value of MSRs are recorded in 
Commissions and fees

 in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Income.

 Certain structured liabilities

The Company has elected the fair value option
for certain structured liabilities whose performance is linked to structured
interest rates, inflation or currency risks (“structured liabilities”). The
Company elected the fair value option, because these exposures are considered to
be trading-related positions and, therefore, are managed on a fair value basis.
These positions will continue to be classified
as

 debt, deposits or
derivatives (Trading account liabilities

) on the Company’s Consolidated Balance Sheet
according to their legal form. 

For those structured liabilities classified
as
 Long-term debt

 for which the fair value option has been
elected, the aggregate unpaid principal balance exceeded the aggregate fair
value by $125 million and $671 million as of December 31, 2009 and 2008,
respectively. 

The change in fair value for these structured
liabilities is reported in 
Principal transactions

 in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of Income. 
     Related interest expense is measured
based on the contractual interest rates and reported as such in the Consolidated
Income Statement. 

Certain non-structured liabilities

The Company has elected the fair value option
for certain non-structured liabilities with fixed and floating interest rates
(“non-structured liabilities”). The Company has elected the fair value option
where the interest-rate risk of such liabilities is economically hedged with
derivative contracts or the proceeds are used to purchase financial assets that
will also be accounted for at fair value through earnings. The election has been
made to mitigate accounting mismatches and to achieve operational
simplifications. These positions are reported in 
Short-term borrowings

 and 
Long-term debt

 on the Company’s Consolidated Balance
Sheet. 

For those non-structured liabilities
classified as 
Short-term borrowings

 for which the fair value option has been
elected, the aggregate unpaid principal balance exceeded the aggregate fair
value of such instruments by $220 million as of December 31, 2008.

For non-structured liabilities classified as

Long-term debt

 for which the fair value option has been
elected, the aggregate unpaid principal balance exceeded the aggregate fair
value by $1,542 million and $856 million as of December 31, 2009 and 2008,
respectively. The change in fair value for these non-structured liabilities is
reported in 
Principal transactions

 in the Company’s Consolidated Statement of
Income. 

Related interest expense continues to be
measured based on the contractual interest rates and reported as such in the
Consolidated Income Statement.

238

 28. FAIR VALUE OF FINANCIAL
INSTRUMENTS

Estimated Fair Value of Financial
Instruments

The table
below presents the carrying value and fair value of Citigroup’s financial
instruments. The disclosure excludes leases, affiliate investments, pension and
benefit obligations and insurance policy claim reserves. In addition,
contract-holder fund amounts exclude certain insurance contracts. Also as
required, the disclosure excludes the effect of taxes, any premium or discount
that could result from offering for sale at one time the entire holdings of a
particular instrument, excess fair value associated with deposits with no fixed
maturity and other expenses that would be incurred in a market transaction. In
addition, the table excludes the values of non-financial assets and liabilities,
as well as a wide range of franchise, relationship and intangible values (but
includes mortgage servicing rights), which are integral to a full assessment of
Citigroup’s financial position and the value of its net assets.

The fair value represents management’s best estimates based on a range of
methodologies and assumptions. The carrying value of short-term financial
instruments not accounted for at fair value, as well as receivables and payables
arising in the ordinary course of business, approximates fair value because of
the relatively short period of time between their origination and expected
realization. Quoted market prices are used when available for investments and
for both trading and end-user derivatives, as well as for liabilities, such as
long-term debt, with quoted prices. For performing loans not accounted for at
fair value, contractual cash flows are discounted at quoted secondary market
rates or estimated market rates if available. Otherwise, sales of comparable
loan portfolios or current market origination rates for loans with similar terms
and risk characteristics are used. For loans with doubt as to collectability,
expected cash flows are discounted using an appropriate rate considering the
time of collection and the premium for the uncertainty of the cash flows. This
method of estimating fair value does not incorporate the exit-price concept of
fair value prescribed by ASC 820-10 (SFAS No. 157). The value of collateral is
also considered. For liabilities such as long-term debt not accounted for at
fair value and without quoted market prices, market borrowing rates of interest
are used to discount contractual cash flows. 

2009

2008

Carrying

Estimated

Carrying

Estimated

 In billions of dollars at year
 end

value

fair value

value

fair
 value

 Assets

 Investments

$306.1

$307.6

$256.0

$251.9

 Federal funds sold and

        securities borrowed or

        purchased under

        agreements to
 resell

222.0

222.0

184.1

184.1

 Trading account assets

342.8

342.8

377.6

377.6

 Loans (1)

552.5

542.8

660.9

642.7

 Other financial
 assets (2)

290.9

290.9

316.6

316.6

2009

2008

Carrying

Estimated

Carrying

Estimated

 In billions of dollars at year
 end

value

fair value

value

fair
 value

 Liabilities

 Deposits

$835.9

$834.5

$774.2

$772.9

 Federal funds purchased
 and

        securities loaned or
 sold

        under agreements
 to

        repurchase

154.3

154.3

205.3

205.3

 Trading account liabilities

137.5

137.5

165.8

165.8

 Long-term debt

364.0

354.8

359.6

317.1

 Other financial
 liabilities (3)

175.8

175.8

255.6

255.6

 (1)       

The carrying
 value of loans is net of the 
Allowance for loan losses

of $36.0
 billion for 2009 and $29.6 billion for 2008. In addition, the carrying
 values exclude $2.9 billion and $3.7 billion of lease finance receivables
 in 2009 and 2008, respectively.

 (2)

Includes
 cash and due from banks, deposits with banks, brokerage receivables,
 reinsurance recoverable, mortgage servicing rights, separate and variable
 accounts and other financial instruments included in 
Other assets 

on the Consolidated Balance Sheet,
 for all of which the carrying value is a reasonable estimate of fair
 value.

 (3)

Includes
 brokerage payables, separate and variable accounts, short-term borrowings
 and other financial instruments included in 
Other liabilities

on the
 Consolidated Balance Sheet, for all of which the carrying value is a
 reasonable estimate of fair value.

     Fair values vary from period to period based on changes in a wide range
of factors, including interest rates, credit quality, and market perceptions of
value and as existing assets and liabilities run off and new transactions are
entered into. 

The estimated fair values of loans reflect
changes in credit status since the loans were made, changes in interest rates in
the case of fixed-rate loans, and premium values at origination of certain
loans. The carrying values (reduced by the 
Allowance for loan losses

) exceeded the estimated fair values of Citigroup’s loans, in aggregate,
by $9.7 billion and by $18.2 billion in 2009 and 2008, respectively. At December
31, 2009, the carrying values, net of allowances, exceeded the estimated values
by $8.2 billion and $1.5 billion for consumer loans and corporate loans,
respectively.
     The estimated
fair values of the Company’s corporate unfunded lending commitments at December
31, 2009 and 2008 were liabilities of $3.3 billion and $7.1 billion,
respectively. The Company does not estimate the fair values of consumer unfunded
lending commitments, which are generally cancellable by providing notice to the
borrower.

239

 29. PLEDGED ASSETS, COLLATERAL,
COMMITMENTS AND GUARANTEES

Pledged Assets

At December 31, 2009 and 2008, the approximate
fair values of securities sold under agreements to repurchase and other assets
pledged, excluding the impact of allowable netting, were as follows:

 In millions of
 dollars

2009

2008

 For securities sold under
 agreements to repurchase

$

237,707

$

237,055

 As collateral for securities borrowed for approximately

        equivalent
value

44,095

81,740

 As collateral on bank
 loans

188,160

144,982

 To clearing organizations or segregated under

        securities laws and
 regulations

21,385

41,312

 For securities loaned

36,767

51,158

 Other

30,000

52,576

 Total

$

558,114

$

608,823

     In addition, included in cash and due from banks at December 31, 2009 and
2008 are $11.2 billion and $11.7 billion, respectively, of cash segregated under
federal and other brokerage regulations or deposited with clearing
organizations. 

At December 31, 2009 and 2008, the Company had
$1.9 billion and $3.1 billion, respectively, of outstanding letters of credit
from third-party banks to satisfy various collateral and margin requirements.

Collateral

At December 31, 2009 and 2008, the approximate
market value of collateral received by the Company that may be sold or repledged
by the Company, excluding amounts netted was $346.2 billion and $340.2 billion,
respectively. This collateral was received in connection with resale agreements,
securities borrowings and loans, derivative transactions and margined broker
loans. 

At December 31, 2009 and 2008, a substantial
portion of the collateral received by the Company had been sold or repledged in
connection with repurchase agreements, securities sold, not yet purchased,
securities borrowings and loans, pledges to clearing organizations, segregation
requirements under securities laws and regulations, derivative transactions and
bank loans. 

      In addition, at December 31, 2009
and 2008, the Company had pledged $253 billion and $236 billion, respectively,
of collateral that may not be sold or repledged by the secured parties.

Lease Commitments

Rental expense (principally for offices and
computer equipment) was $2.0 billion, $2.7 billion and $2.3 billion for the
years ended December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, respectively. 

Future minimum annual rentals under
noncancelable leases, net of sublease income, are as follows: 

 In millions of
 dollars

 2010

$

1,247

 2011

1,110

 2012

1,007

 2013

900

 2014

851

 Thereafter

2,770

 Total

$

7,885

Guarantees

The Company provides a variety of guarantees
and indemnifications to Citigroup customers to enhance their credit standing and
enable them to complete a wide variety of business transactions. For certain
contracts meeting the definition of a guarantee, the guarantor must recognize,
at inception, a liability for the fair value of the obligation undertaken in
issuing the guarantee. 

In addition, the guarantor must disclose the
maximum potential amount of future payments the guarantor could be required to
make under the guarantee, if there were a total default by the guaranteed
parties. The determination of the maximum potential future payments is based on
the notional amount of the guarantees without consideration of possible
recoveries under recourse provisions or from collateral held or pledged. Such
amounts bear no relationship to the anticipated losses, if any, on these
guarantees.

 The following
 tables present information about the Company’s guarantees at December 31,
 2009 and December 31, 2008: 

Maximum potential amount of future
 payments

 In billions of dollars at December
 31,

Expire within

Expire after

Total amount

Carrying value

 except carrying value in
 millions

1 year

1 year

outstanding

(in
 millions)

 2009

 Financial standby letters of credit

$

41.4

$48.0

$

89.4

$

438.8

 Performance guarantees

9.4

4.5

13.9

32.4

 Derivative instruments considered to be guarantees

4.1

3.6

7.7

569.2

 Loans sold with recourse

—

0.3

0.3

76.6

 Securities lending indemnifications (1)

64.5

—

64.5

—

 Credit card merchant processing
 (1)

59.7

—

59.7

—

 Custody
 indemnifications and other

—

33.5

33.5

121.4

 Total

$

179.1

$89.9

$

269.0

$

1,238.4

 (1)       

The carrying
 values of guarantees of collections of contractual cash flows, securities
 lending indemnifications and credit card merchant processing are not
 material, as the Company has determined that the amount and probability of
 potential liabilities arising from these guarantees are not
 significant.

240

Maximum potential amount of future
 payments

 In billions of dollars at December
 31,

Expire within

Expire after

Total amount

Carrying value

 except carrying value in
 millions

1 year

1 year

outstanding

(in
 millions)

 2008

 Financial standby letters of credit

$

31.6

$62.6

$

94.2

$

289.0

 Performance guarantees

9.4

6.9

16.3

23.6

 Derivative instruments considered to be guarantees (2)

7.6

7.2

14.8

1,308.4

 Guarantees of collection of
 contractual cash flows (1)

—

0.3

0.3

—

 Loans sold with recourse

—

0.3

0.3

56.4

 Securities lending indemnifications
 (1)

47.6

—

47.6

—

 Credit card merchant processing (1)

56.7

—

56.7

—

 Custody
 indemnifications and other

—

21.6

21.6

149.2

 Total

$

152.9

$98.9

$

251.8

$

1,826.6

 (1)       

The carrying
 values of guarantees of collections of contractual cash flows, securities
 lending indemnifications and credit card merchant processing are not
 material, as the Company has determined that the amount and probability of
 potential liabilities arising from these guarantees are not
 significant.

 (2)

Reclassified
 to conform to the current period’s
presentation.

 Financial standby letters of credit

Citigroup issues standby letters of credit
which substitute its own credit for that of the borrower. If a letter of credit
is drawn down, the borrower is obligated to repay Citigroup. Standby letters of
credit protect a third party from defaults on contractual obligations. Financial
standby letters of credit include guarantees of payment of insurance premiums
and reinsurance risks that support industrial revenue bond underwriting and
settlement of payment obligations to clearing houses, and also support options
and purchases of securities or are in lieu of escrow deposit accounts. Financial
standbys also backstop loans, credit facilities, promissory notes and trade
acceptances. 

Performance guarantees

Performance guarantees and letters of credit
are issued to guarantee a customer’s tender bid on a construction or
systems-installation project or to guarantee completion of such projects in
accordance with contract terms. They are also issued to support a customer’s
obligation to supply specified products, commodities, or maintenance or warranty
services to a third party. 

Derivative instruments considered to be
guarantees

Derivatives are financial instruments whose cash flows are based on a
notional amount or an underlying instrument, where there is little or no initial
investment, and whose terms require or permit net settlement. Derivatives may be
used for a variety of reasons, including risk management, or to enhance returns.
Financial institutions often act as intermediaries for their clients, helping
clients reduce their risks. However, derivatives may also be used to take a risk
position. 

The derivative instruments considered to be
guarantees, which are presented in the tables above, include only those
instruments that require Citi to make payments to the counterparty based on
changes in an underlying that is related to an asset, a liability, or an equity
security held by the guaranteed party. More specifically, derivative instruments
considered to be guarantees include certain over-the-counter written put options
where the counterparty is not a bank, hedge fund or broker-dealer (such
counterparties are considered to be dealers in these markets, and may therefore
not hold the

 underlying instruments).
However, credit derivatives sold by the Company are excluded from this
presentation, as they are disclosed separately within this note below. In
addition, non-credit derivative contracts that are cash settled and for which
the Company is unable to assert that it is probable the counterparty held the
underlying instrument at the inception of the contract also are excluded from
the disclosure above. 

In instances where the Company’s maximum
potential future payment is unlimited, the notional amount of the contract is
disclosed. 

Guarantees of collection of contractual cash
flows

Guarantees
of collection of contractual cash flows protect investors in credit card
receivables securitization trusts from loss of interest relating to insufficient
collections on the underlying receivables in the trusts. The notional amount of
these guarantees as of December 31, 2008 was $300 million. No such guarantees
were outstanding as of December 31, 2009. 

Loans sold with recourse

Loans sold with recourse represent the
Company’s obligations to reimburse the buyers for loan losses under certain
circumstances. Recourse refers to the clause in a sales agreement under which a
lender will fully reimburse the buyer/investor for any losses resulting from the
purchased loans. This may be accomplished by the seller’s taking back any loans
that become delinquent. 

Securities lending indemnifications

Owners of securities frequently lend those
securities for a fee to other parties who may sell them short or deliver them to
another party to satisfy some other obligation. Banks may administer such
securities lending programs for their clients. Securities lending
indemnifications are issued by the bank to guarantee that a securities lending
customer will be made whole in the event that the security borrower does not
return the security subject to the lending agreement and collateral held is
insufficient to cover the market value of the security. 

241

 Credit card merchant processing

Credit card merchant processing guarantees
represent the Company’s indirect obligations in connection with the processing
of private label and bankcard transactions on behalf of
merchants. 

Citigroup’s primary credit card business is
the issuance of credit cards to individuals. In addition, the Company provides
transaction processing services to various merchants with respect to bankcard
and private-label cards. In the event of a billing dispute with respect to a
bankcard transaction between a merchant and a cardholder that is ultimately
resolved in the cardholder’s favor, the third party holds the primary contingent
liability to credit or refund the amount to the cardholder and charge back the
transaction to the merchant. If the third party is unable to collect this amount
from the merchant, it bears the loss for the amount of the credit or refund paid
to the cardholder. 

The Company continues to have the primary
contingent liability with respect to its portfolio of private-label merchants.
The risk of loss is mitigated as the cash flows between the third party or the
Company and the merchant are settled on a net basis and the third party or the
Company has the right to offset any payments with cash flows otherwise due to
the merchant. To further mitigate this risk, the third party or the Company may
require a merchant to make an escrow deposit, delay settlement, or include event
triggers to provide the third party or the Company with more financial and
operational control in the event of the financial deterioration of the merchant,
or require various credit enhancements (including letters of credit and bank
guarantees). In the unlikely event that a private-label merchant is unable to
deliver products, services or a refund to its private-label cardholders,
Citigroup is contingently liable to credit or refund cardholders. In addition,
although a third party holds the primary contingent liability with respect to
the processing of bankcard transactions, in the event that the third party does
not have sufficient collateral from the merchant or sufficient financial
resources of its own to provide the credit or refunds to the cardholders,
Citigroup would be liable to credit or refund the
cardholders. 

The Company’s maximum potential contingent
liability related to both bankcard and private-label merchant processing
services is estimated to be the total volume of credit card transactions that
meet the requirements to be valid chargeback transactions at any given time. At
December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, this maximum potential exposure was
estimated to be $60 billion and $57 billion,
respectively. 

However, the Company believes that the maximum
exposure is not representative of the actual potential loss exposure based on
the Company’s historical experience and its position as a secondary guarantor
(in the case of bankcards). In most cases, this contingent liability is unlikely
to arise, 

 as most products and
services are delivered when purchased, and amounts are refunded when items are
returned to merchants. The Company assesses the probability and amount of its
contingent liability related to merchant processing based on the financial
strength of the primary guarantor (in the case of bankcards) and the extent and
nature of unresolved chargebacks and its historical loss experience. At December
31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, the estimated losses incurred and the carrying
amounts of the Company’s contingent obligations related to merchant processing
activities were immaterial. 

Custody indemnifications

Custody indemnifications are issued to
guarantee that custody clients will be made whole in the event that a
third-party subcustodian or depository institution fails to safeguard clients’
assets. 

Other

As
of December 31, 2008, Citigroup carried a reserve of $149 million related to
certain of Visa USA’s litigation matters. As of December 31, 2009, the carrying
value of the reserve was $121 million and was included in 
Other liabilities

on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 

Other guarantees and indemnifications

The Company, through its credit card business,
provides various cardholder protection programs on several of its card products,
including programs that provide insurance coverage for rental cars, coverage for
certain losses associated with purchased products, price protection for certain
purchases and protection for lost luggage. These guarantees are not included in
the table, since the total outstanding amount of the guarantees and the
Company’s maximum exposure to loss cannot be quantified. The protection is
limited to certain types of purchases and certain types of losses and it is not
possible to quantify the purchases that would qualify for these benefits at any
given time. The Company assesses the probability and amount of its potential
liability related to these programs based on the extent and nature of its
historical loss experience. At December 31, 2009 and 2008, the actual and
estimated losses incurred and the carrying value of the Company’s obligations
related to these programs were
immaterial. 

In the normal course of business, the Company
provides standard representations and warranties to counterparties in contracts
in connection with numerous transactions and also provides indemnifications that
protect the counterparties to the contracts in the event that additional taxes
are owed due either to a change in the tax law or an adverse interpretation of
the tax law. Counterparties to these transactions provide the Company with
comparable indemnifications. While such representations, warranties

242

 and tax indemnifications
are essential components of many contractual relationships, they do not
represent the underlying business purpose for the transactions. The
indemnification clauses are often standard contractual terms related to the
Company’s own performance under the terms of a contract and are entered into in
the normal course of business based on an assessment that the risk of loss is
remote. Often these clauses are intended to ensure that terms of a contract are
met at inception (for example, that loans transferred to a counterparty in a
sales transaction did in fact meet the conditions specified in the contract at
the transfer date). No compensation is received for these standard
representations and warranties, and it is not possible to determine their fair
value because they rarely, if ever, result in a payment. In many cases, there
are no stated or notional amounts included in the indemnification clauses and
the contingencies potentially triggering the obligation to indemnify have not
occurred and are not expected to occur. These indemnifications are not
included in the table above.

In addition, the Company is a member of or
shareholder in hundreds of value-transfer networks (VTNs) (payment clearing and
settlement systems as well as securities exchanges) around the world. As a
condition of membership, many of these VTNs require that members stand ready to
backstop the net effect on the VTNs of a member’s default on its obligations.
The Company’s potential obligations as a shareholder or member of VTN
associations are excluded from the scope of FIN 45, since the shareholders and
members represent subordinated classes of investors in the VTNs. Accordingly,
the Company’s participation in VTNs is not reported in the table and there are
no amounts reflected on the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2009
or December 31, 2008 for potential obligations that could arise from the
Company’s involvement with VTN
associations. 

In the sale of an insurance subsidiary, the
Company provided an indemnification to an insurance company for policyholder
claims and other liabilities relating to a book of long-term care (LTC) business
(for the entire term of the LTC policies) that is fully reinsured by another
insurance company. The reinsurer has funded two trusts with securities whose
fair value (approximately $3.3 billion at December 31, 2009) is designed to
cover the insurance company’s statutory liabilities for the LTC policies. The
assets in these trusts are evaluated and adjusted periodically to ensure that
the fair value of the assets continues to cover the estimated statutory
liabilities related to the LTC policies, as those statutory liabilities change
over time. If the reinsurer fails to perform under the reinsurance agreement for
any reason, including insolvency, and the assets in the two trusts are
insufficient or unavailable to the ceding insurance company, then Citigroup must
indemnify the ceding insurance company for any losses actually incurred in
connection with the LTC policies. Since both events would have to occur before
Citi would become responsible for any payment to the ceding insurance company
pursuant to its indemnification obligation and the 

 likelihood of such
events occurring is currently not probable, there is no liability reflected in
the Consolidated Balance Sheet as of December 31, 2009 related to this
indemnification. 

At December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008,
the total carrying amounts of the liabilities related to the guarantees and
indemnifications included in the table amounted to approximately $1.2 billion
and $1.8 billion, respectively. The carrying value of derivative instruments is
included in either 
Trading liabilities

or 
Other liabilities

, depending upon whether the derivative was
entered into for trading or non-trading purposes. The carrying value of
financial and performance guarantees is included in 
Other liabilities

.
For loans sold with recourse, the carrying value of the liability is included in

Other liabilities

. In addition, at December 31, 2009 and
December 31, 2008, 
Other liabilities

on the Consolidated Balance Sheet include an allowance for credit losses of
$1,157 million and $887 million relating to letters of credit and unfunded
lending commitments, respectively. 

Collateral

Cash collateral available to the Company to reimburse losses realized
under these guarantees and indemnifications amounted to $31 billion and $33
billion at December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, respectively. Securities and
other marketable assets held as collateral amounted to $43 billion and $27
billion, respectively, the majority of which collateral is held to reimburse
losses realized under securities lending indemnifications. Additionally, letters
of credit in favor of the Company held as collateral amounted to $1.4 billion
and $0.5 billion at December 31, 2009 and December 31, 2008, respectively. Other
property may also be available to the Company to cover losses under certain
guarantees and indemnifications; however, the value of such property has not
been determined. 

Performance risk

Citigroup evaluates the performance risk of its guarantees based on the
assigned referenced counterparty internal or external ratings. Where external
ratings are used, investment-grade ratings are considered to be Baa/BBB and
above, while anything below is considered non-investment grade. The Citigroup
internal ratings are in line with the related external rating system. On certain
underlying referenced credits or entities, ratings are not available. Such
referenced credits are included in the not rated category. The
maximum potential amount of the future payments related to guarantees and credit
derivatives sold is determined to be the notional amount of these contracts,
which is the par amount of the assets guaranteed. 

243

      Presented in the tables below are the maximum potential amounts of future
payments classified based upon internal and external credit ratings as of
December 31, 2009 and 2008. As previously mentioned, the determination of the
maximum potential future payments is based on the notional amount

 of the guarantees
without consideration of possible recoveries under recourse provisions or from
collateral held or pledged. Such amounts bear no relationship to the anticipated
losses, if any, on these guarantees.

Maximum potential amount of future
 payments

Investment

Non-investment

Not

 In billions of dollars as of
 December 31, 2009

grade

grade

rated

Total

 Financial standby letters of
 credit

$

49.2

$13.5

$

26.7

$

89.4

 Performance guarantees

6.5

3.7

3.7

13.9

 Derivative instruments deemed to be
 guarantees

—

—

7.7

7.7

 Loans sold with recourse

—

—

0.3

0.3

 Securities lending
 indemnifications

—

—

64.5

64.5

 Credit card merchant processing

—

—

59.7

59.7

 Custody
 indemnifications and other

27.7

5.8

—

33.5

 Total

$

83.4

$23.0

$

162.6

$

269.0

Maximum potential amount of future
 payments

Investment

Non-investment

Not

 In billions of dollars as of
 December 31, 2008

grade

grade

rated

Total

 Financial standby letters of
 credit

$

49.2

$28.6

$

16.4

$

94.2

 Performance guarantees

5.7

5.0

5.6

16.3

 Derivative instruments deemed to be
 guarantees

—

—

14.8

14.8

 Guarantees of collection of contractual cash flows

—

—

0.3

0.3

 Loans sold with recourse

—

—

0.3

0.3

 Securities lending indemnifications

—

—

47.6

47.6

 Credit card merchant
 processing

—

—

56.7

56.7

 Custody
 indemnifications and other

18.5

3.1

—

21.6

 Total

$

73.4

$36.7

$

141.7

$

251.8

244

Credit Commitments and Lines of
Credit

The table below
summarizes Citigroup’s credit commitments as of December 31, 2009 and December
31, 2008:

Outside of

December 31,

December 31,

 In millions of
 dollars

U.S.

U.S.

2009

2008

 Commercial and similar letters of credit

$

1,321

  $

5,890

 $

7,211

    $

8,215

 One- to four-family residential mortgages

788

282

1,070

937

 Revolving open-end loans secured by one- to four-family residential