The following discussion sets
forth what management currently believes could be the most significant regulatory,
market and economic, liquidity, legal and business and operational risks and
uncertainties that could impact Citi’s businesses, results of operations and
financial condition. Other factors, including those not currently known to Citi
or its management, could also negatively impact Citi’s businesses, results of
operations and financial condition, and thus the below should not be considered
a complete discussion of all of the risks and uncertainties Citi may
face.

REGULATORY RISKS

Citi Faces Ongoing
Significant Regulatory Changes and Uncertainties in the U.S. and Non-U.S.
Jurisdictions in Which It Operates That Negatively Impact the Management of Its
Businesses, Results of Operations and Ability to
Compete.

Citi continues to
be subject to significant regulatory changes and uncertainties both in the U.S.
and the non-U.S. jurisdictions in which it operates. As discussed throughout
this section, the complete scope and ultimate form of a number of provisions of
The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010
(Dodd-Frank Act) and other regulatory initiatives in the U.S. are still being
finalized and, even when finalized, will likely require significant
interpretation and guidance. These regulatory changes and uncertainties are
compounded by numerous regulatory initiatives underway in non-U.S. jurisdictions
in which Citi operates. Certain of these initiatives, such as prohibitions or
restrictions on proprietary trading or the requirement to establish “living
wills,” overlap with changes in the U.S., while others, such as proposals for
financial transaction and/or bank taxes in particular countries or regions,
currently do not. Even when U.S. and international initiatives overlap, in many
instances they have not been undertaken on a coordinated basis and areas of
divergence have developed with respect to scope, interpretation, timing,
structure or approach.

Citi could be subject to additional regulatory
requirements or changes beyond those currently proposed, adopted or
contemplated, particularly given the ongoing heightened regulatory environment
in which financial institutions operate. For example, in connection with their
orderly liquidation authority under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act, U.S.
regulators may require that bank holding companies maintain a prescribed level
of debt at the holding company level. In addition, under the Dodd-Frank Act,
U.S. regulators may require additional collateral for inter-affiliate derivative
and other credit transactions which, depending upon rulemaking and regulatory
guidance, could be significant. There also continues to be discussion of
potential GSE reform which would likely affect markets for mortgages and
mortgage securities in ways that cannot currently be predicted. The heightened
regulatory environment has resulted not only in a tendency toward more
regulation, but toward the most prescriptive regulation as regulatory agencies
have generally taken a conservative approach to rulemaking, interpretive
guidance and their general ongoing supervisory authority.

     Regulatory changes and uncertainties make
Citi’s business planning more difficult and could require Citi to change its
business models or even its organizational structure, all of which could
ultimately negatively impact Citi’s results of operations as well as realization
of its deferred tax assets (DTAs). For example, regulators have proposed
applying limits to certain concentrations of risk, such as through single
counterparty credit limits or legal lending limits, and implementation of such
limits currently or in the future could require Citi to restructure client or
counterparty relationships and could result in the potential loss of
clients.

Further, certain regulatory
requirements could require Citi to create new subsidiaries instead of branches
in foreign jurisdictions, or create subsidiaries to conduct particular
businesses or operations (so-called “subsidiarization”). This could, among other
things, negatively impact Citi’s global capital and liquidity management and
overall cost structure. Unless and until there is sufficient regulatory
certainty, Citi’s business planning and proposed pricing for affected businesses
necessarily include assumptions based on possible or proposed rules or
requirements, and incorrect assumptions could impede Citi’s ability to
effectively implement and comply with final requirements in a timely manner.
Business planning is further complicated by the continual need to review and
evaluate the impact on Citi’s businesses of ongoing rule proposals and final
rules and interpretations from numerous regulatory bodies, all within compressed
timeframes.

Citi’s costs associated with
implementation of, as well as the ongoing, extensive compliance costs associated
with, new regulations or regulatory changes will likely be substantial and will
negatively impact Citi’s results of operations. Given the continued regulatory
uncertainty, however, the ultimate amount and timing of such impact going
forward cannot be predicted. Also, compliance with inconsistent, conflicting or
duplicative regulations, either within the U.S. or between the U.S. and non-U.S.
jurisdictions, could further increase the impact on Citi. For example, the
Dodd-Frank Act provided for the elimination of “federal preemption” with respect
to the operating subsidiaries of federally chartered institutions such as
Citibank, N.A., which allows for a broader application of state consumer finance
laws to such subsidiaries. As a result, Citi is now required to conform the
consumer businesses conducted by operating subsidiaries of Citibank, N.A. to a
variety of potentially conflicting or inconsistent state laws not previously
applicable, such as laws imposing customer fee restrictions or requiring
additional consumer disclosures. Failure to comply with these or other
regulatory changes could further increase Citi’s costs or otherwise harm Citi’s
reputation.

Uncertainty persists regarding
the competitive impact of these new regulations. Citi could be subject to more
stringent regulations, or could incur additional compliance costs, compared to
its U.S. competitors because of its global footprint. In addition, certain other
financial intermediaries may not be regulated on the same basis or to the same
extent as Citi and consequently may have certain competitive advantages.
Moreover, Citi could be subject to more, or more stringent, regulations than its
foreign competitors because of several U.S. regulatory initiatives, particularly
with respect to Citi’s non-U.S. operations. Differences in substance and
severity of regulations across jurisdictions could significantly reduce Citi’s
ability to 

60

compete with its U.S. and non-U.S.
competitors and further negatively impact Citi’s results of operations. For
example, Citi conducts a substantial portion of its derivatives activities
through Citibank, N.A. Pursuant to the CFTC’s current and proposed rules on
cross-border implications of the new derivatives registration and trading
requirements under the Dodd-Frank Act, clients who transact their derivatives
business with overseas branches of Citibank, N.A. could be subject to U.S.
registration and other derivatives requirements. Clients of Citi and other large
U.S. financial institutions have expressed an unwillingness to continue to deal
with overseas branches of U.S. banks if the rules would subject them to these
requirements. As a result, Citi could lose clients to non-U.S. financial
institutions that are not subject to the same compliance regime.

Continued Uncertainty Regarding the
Timing and Implementation of Future Regulatory Capital

Requirements Makes It Difficult to
Determine the Ultimate Impact of These Requirements on Citi’s Businesses and
Results of Operations and Impedes Long-Term Capital
Planning.

During 2012, U.S. regulators
proposed the U.S. Basel III rules that would be applicable to Citigroup and its
depository institution subsidiaries, including Citibank, N.A. U.S. regulators
also adopted final rules relating to Basel II.5 market risk that were effective
on January 1, 2013. This new regulatory capital regime will increase the level
of capital required to be held by Citi, not only with respect to the quantity
and quality of capital (such as capital required to be held in the form of
common equity), but also as a result of increasing Citi’s overall risk-weighted
assets.

There
continues to be significant uncertainty regarding the overall timing and
implementation of the final U.S. regulatory capital rules. For example, while
the U.S. Basel III rules have been proposed, additional rulemaking and
interpretation is necessary to adopt and implement the final rules. Overall
implementation phase-in will also need to be finalized by U.S. regulators, and
it remains to be seen how U.S. regulators will address the interaction between
the new capital adequacy rules, Basel I, Basel II, Basel II.5 and the proposed
“standardized” approach serving as a “floor” to the capital requirements of
“advanced approaches” institutions, such as Citigroup. (For additional
information on the current and proposed regulatory capital standards applicable
to Citi, see “Capital Resources and Liquidity – Capital Resources – Regulatory
Capital Standards” above.) As a result, the ultimate impact of this new regime
on Citi’s businesses and results of operations cannot currently be
estimated.

     Based on the proposed regulatory capital
regime, the level of capital required to be held by Citi will likely be higher
than most of its U.S. and non-U.S. competitors, including as a result of the
level of DTAs recorded on Citi’s balance sheet and its strategic focus on
emerging markets (which could result in Citi having higher risk-weighted assets
under Basel III than those of its global competitors that either lack presence
in, or are less focused on, such markets). In addition, while the Federal
Reserve Board has yet to finalize any capital surcharge framework for U.S.
“global systemically important banks” (G-SIBs), Citi is currently expected to be
subject to a 

surcharge of 2.5%, which will likely be
higher than the surcharge applicable to most of Citi’s U.S. and non-U.S.
competitors. Competitive impacts of the proposed regulatory capital regime could
further negatively impact Citi’s businesses and results of
operations.

     Citi’s estimated Basel III capital ratios
necessarily reflect management’s understanding, expectations and interpretation
of the proposed U.S. Basel III requirements as well as existing implementation
guidance. Furthermore, Citi must incorporate certain enhancements and
refinements to its Basel II.5 market risk models, as required by both the
Federal Reserve Board and the OCC, in order to retain the risk-weighted asset
benefits associated with the conditional approvals received for such models.
Citi must also separately obtain final approval from these agencies for the use
of certain credit risk models that would also yield reduced risk-weighted
assets, in part, under Basel III.

     All of these uncertainties make long-term
capital planning by Citi’s management challenging. If management’s estimates and
assumptions with respect to these or other aspects of U.S. Basel III
implementation are not accurate, or if Citi fails to incorporate the required
enhancement and refinements to its models as required by the Federal Reserve
Board and the OCC, then Citi’s ability to meet its future regulatory capital
requirements as it projects or as required could be negatively impacted, or the
business and financial consequences of doing so could be more adverse than
expected.

The Ongoing Implementation of
Derivatives Regulation Under the Dodd-Frank Act Could Adversely Affect Citi’s
Derivatives Businesses, Increase Its Compliance Costs and Negatively Impact Its
Results of Operations.

Derivatives
regulations under the Dodd-Frank Act have impacted and will continue to
substantially impact the derivatives markets by, among other things: (i)
requiring extensive regulatory and public reporting of derivatives transactions;
(ii) requiring a wide range of over-the-counter derivatives to be cleared
through recognized clearing facilities and traded on exchanges or exchange-like
facilities; (iii) requiring the collection and segregation of collateral for
most uncleared derivatives; and (iv) significantly broadening limits on the size
of positions that may be maintained in specified derivatives. These market
structure reforms will make trading in many derivatives products more costly,
may significantly reduce the liquidity of certain derivatives markets and could
diminish customer demand for covered derivatives. These changes could negatively
impact Citi’s results of operations in its derivatives
businesses.

     Numerous aspects of the new derivatives
regime require costly and extensive compliance systems to be put in place and
maintained. For example, under the new derivatives regime, certain of Citi’s
subsidiaries have registered as “swap dealers,” thus subjecting them to
extensive ongoing compliance requirements, such as electronic recordkeeping
(including recording telephone communications), real-time public transaction
reporting and external business conduct requirements (e.g., required swap
counterparty disclosures), among others. These requirements require the
successful and timely installation of extensive technological and operational
systems and compliance infrastructure, and Citi’s failure to effectively install

61

such systems subject it to increased
compliance risks and costs which could negatively impact its earnings and result
in regulatory or reputational risk. Further, new derivatives-related systems and
infrastructure will likely become the basis on which institutions such as Citi
compete for clients. To the extent that Citi’s connectivity, product offerings
or services for clients in these businesses is deficient, this could further
negatively impact Citi’s results of
operations

Additionally, while certain of the derivatives regulations under the
Dodd-Frank Act have been finalized, the rulemaking process is not complete,
significant interpretive issues remain to be resolved and the timing for the
effectiveness of many of these requirements is not yet clear. Depending on how
the uncertainty is resolved, certain outcomes could negatively impact Citi’s
competitive position in these businesses, both with respect to the cross-border
aspects of the U.S. rules as well as with respect to the international
coordination and timing of various non-U.S. derivatives regulatory reform
efforts. For example, in mid-2012, the European Union (EU) adopted the European
Market Infrastructure Regulation which requires, among other things, information
on all European derivative transactions be reported to trade repositories and
certain counterparties to clear “standardized” derivatives contracts through
central counterparties. Many of these non-U.S. reforms are likely to take effect
after the corresponding provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act and, as a result, it is
uncertain whether they will be similar to those in the U.S. or will impose
different, additional or even inconsistent requirements on Citi’s derivatives
activities. Complications due to the sequencing of the effectiveness of
derivatives reform, both among different components of the Dodd-Frank Act and
between the U.S. and other jurisdictions, could result in disruptions to Citi’s
operations and make it more difficult for Citi to compete in these
businesses.

     The Dodd-Frank Act also contains a
so-called “push-out” provision that, to date, has generally been interpreted to
prevent FDIC-insured depository institutions from dealing in certain equity,
commodity and credit-related derivatives, although the ultimate scope of the
provision is not certain. Citi currently conducts a substantial portion of its
derivatives-dealing activities within and outside the U.S. through Citibank,
N.A., its primary insured depository institution. The costs of revising customer
relationships and modifying the organizational structure of Citi’s businesses or
the subsidiaries engaged in these businesses remain unknown and are subject to
final regulations or regulatory interpretations, as well as client expectations.
While this push-out provision is to be effective in July 2013, U.S. regulators
may grant up to an initial two-year transition period to each depository
institution. In January 2013, Citi applied for an initial two-year transition
period for Citibank, N.A. The timing of any approval of a transition period
request, or any parameters imposed on a transition period, remains uncertain. In
addition, to the extent that certain of Citi’s competitors already conduct these
derivatives activities outside of FDIC-insured depository institutions, Citi
would be disproportionately impacted by any restructuring of its business for
push-out purposes. Moreover, the extent to which Citi’s non-U.S. operations will
be impacted by the push-out provision remains unclear, and it is possible that
Citi could lose market share or profitability in its derivatives business or
client relationships in jurisdictions where foreign bank competitors can operate
without the same constraints.

It Is Uncertain What Impact the
Proposed Restrictions on Proprietary Trading Activities Under the Volcker Rule
Will Have on Citi’s Market-Making Activities and Preparing for Compliance with
the Proposed Rules Necessarily Subjects Citi to Additional Compliance Risks and
Costs.

The “Volcker Rule” provisions
of the Dodd-Frank Act are intended in part to restrict the proprietary trading
activities of institutions such as Citi. While the five regulatory agencies
required to adopt rules to implement the Volcker Rule have each proposed their
rules, none of the agencies has adopted final rules. Instead, in July 2012, the
regulatory agencies instructed applicable institutions, including Citi, to
engage in “good faith efforts” to be in compliance with the Volcker Rule by July
2014. Because the regulations are not yet final, the degree to which Citi’s
market-making activities will be permitted to continue in their current form
remains uncertain. In addition, the proposed rules and any restrictions imposed
by final regulations will also likely affect Citi’s trading activities globally,
and thus will impact it disproportionately in comparison to foreign financial
institutions that will not be subject to the Volcker Rule with respect to all of
their activities outside of the U.S.

     As a result of this continued
uncertainty, preparing for compliance based only on proposed rules necessarily
requires Citi to make certain assumptions about the applicability of the Volcker
Rule to its businesses and operations. For example, as proposed, the regulations
contain exceptions for market-making, underwriting, risk-mitigating hedging,
certain transactions on behalf of customers and activities in certain asset
classes, and require that certain of these activities be designed not to
encourage or reward “proprietary risk taking.” Because the regulations are not
yet final, Citi is required to make certain assumptions as to the degree to
which Citi’s activities in these areas will be permitted to continue. If these
assumptions are not accurate, Citi could be subject to additional compliance
risks and costs and could be required to undertake such compliance on a more
compressed time frame when regulators issue final rules. In addition, the
proposed regulations would require an extensive compliance regime for the
“permitted” activities under the Volcker Rule. Citi’s implementation of this
compliance regime will be based on its “good faith” interpretation and
understanding of the proposed regulations, and to the extent its interpretation
or understanding is not correct, Citi could be subject to additional compliance
risks and costs.

     Like the other areas of ongoing
regulatory reform, alternative proposals for the regulation of proprietary
trading are developing in non-U.S. jurisdictions, leading to overlapping or
potentially conflicting regimes. For example, in the U.K., the so-called
“Vickers” proposal would separate investment and commercial banking activity
from retail banking and would require ring-fencing of U.K. domestic retail
banking operations coupled with higher capital requirements for the ring-fenced
assets. In the EU, the so-called “Liikanen” proposal would require the mandatory
separation of proprietary trading and other significant trading activities into
a trading entity legally separate from the legal entity holding the banking
activities of a firm. It is likely that, given Citi’s worldwide operations, some
form of the Vickers and/or Liikanen proposals will eventually be applicable to a
portion of Citi’s operations. While the Volcker Rule and these non-U.S.
proposals are intended to address similar concerns—separating the perceived
risks of 

62

proprietary trading and certain other
investment banking activities in order not to affect more traditional banking
and retail activities—they would do so under different structures, resulting in
inconsistent regulatory regimes and increased compliance and other costs for a
global institution such as Citi.

Regulatory Requirements in the U.S.
and in Non-U.S. Jurisdictions to Facilitate the Future Orderly Resolution of
Large Financial Institutions Could Negatively Impact Citi’s Business Structures,
Activities and Practices.

The
Dodd-Frank Act requires Citi to prepare and submit annually a plan for the
orderly resolution of Citigroup (the bank holding company) under the U.S.
Bankruptcy Code in the event of future material financial distress or failure.
Citi is also required to prepare and submit a resolution plan for its insured
depository institution subsidiary, Citibank, N.A., and to demonstrate how
Citibank is adequately protected from the risks presented by non-bank
affiliates. These plans must include information on resolution strategy, major
counterparties and “interdependencies,” among other things, and require
substantial effort, time and cost across all of Citi’s businesses and
geographies. These resolution plans are subject to review by the Federal Reserve
Board and the FDIC.

If the Federal Reserve Board and the FDIC both determine that Citi’s
resolution plans are not “credible” (which, although not defined, is generally
believed to mean the regulators do not believe the plans are feasible or would
otherwise allow the regulators to resolve Citi in a way that protects
systemically important functions without severe systemic disruption and without
exposing taxpayers to loss), and Citi does not remedy the deficiencies within
the required time period, Citi could be required to restructure or reorganize
businesses, legal entities, or operational systems and intracompany transactions
in ways that could negatively impact its operations, or be subject to
restrictions on growth. Citi could also eventually be subjected to more
stringent capital, leverage or liquidity requirements, or be required to divest
certain assets or operations.

     In addition, other jurisdictions, such as
the U.K., have requested or are expected to request resolution plans from
financial institutions, including Citi, and the requirements and timing relating
to these plans are different from the U.S. requirements and from each other.
Responding to these additional requests will require additional effort, time and
cost, and regulatory review and requirements in these jurisdictions could be in
addition to, or conflict with, changes required by Citi’s regulators in the
U.S.

Additional Regulations with Respect
to Securitizations Will Impose Additional Costs, Increase Citi’s Potential
Liability and May Prevent Citi from Performing Certain Roles in
Securitizations.

Citi plays a variety
of roles in asset securitization transactions, including acting as underwriter
of asset-backed securities, depositor of the underlying assets into
securitization vehicles, trustee to securitization vehicles and counterparty to
securitization vehicles under derivative contracts. The Dodd-Frank Act contains
a number of provisions that affect securitizations. These provisions include,
among others, a requirement that securitizers in certain 

transactions retain un-hedged exposure to
at least 5% of the economic risk of certain assets they securitize and a
prohibition on securitization participants engaging in transactions that would
involve a conflict with investors in the securitization. Many of these
requirements have yet to be finalized. The SEC has also proposed additional
extensive regulation of both publicly and privately offered securitization
transactions through revisions to the registration, disclosure, and reporting
requirements for asset-backed securities and other structured finance products.
Moreover, the proposed capital adequacy regulations (see “Capital Resources and
Liquidity—Capital Resources—Regulatory Capital Standards” above) are likely to
increase the capital required to be held against various exposures to
securitizations.

     The cumulative effect of these extensive
regulatory changes as well as other potential future regulatory changes cannot
currently be assessed. It is likely, however, that these various measures will
increase the costs of executing securitization transactions, and could
effectively limit Citi’s overall volume of, and the role Citi may play in,
securitizations, expose Citi to additional potential liability for
securitization transactions and make it impractical for Citi to execute certain
types of securitization transactions it previously executed. As a result, these
effects could impair Citi’s ability to continue to earn income from these
transactions or could hinder Citi’s ability to use such transactions to hedge
risks, reduce exposures or reduce assets with adverse risk-weighting in its
businesses, and those consequences could affect the conduct of these businesses.
In addition, certain sectors of the securitization markets, particularly
residential mortgage-backed securitizations, have been inactive or experienced
dramatically diminished transaction volumes since the financial crisis. The
impact of various regulatory reform measures could negatively delay or restrict
any future recovery of these sectors of the securitization markets, and thus the
opportunities for Citi to participate in securitization transactions in such
sectors.

MARKET AND ECONOMIC
RISKS

There Continues to Be Significant
Uncertainty Arising from the Ongoing Eurozone Debt and Economic Crisis,
Including the Potential Outcomes That Could Occur and the Impact Those Outcomes
Could Have on Citi’s Businesses, Results of Operations or Financial Condition,
as well as the Global Financial Markets and Financial Conditions
Generally.

Several European countries,
including Greece, Ireland, Italy, Portugal and Spain (GIIPS), continue to
experience credit deterioration due to weaknesses in their economic and fiscal
situations. Concerns have been raised, both within the European Monetary Union
(EMU) as well as internationally, as to the financial, political and legal
effectiveness of measures taken to date, and the ability of these countries to
adhere to any required austerity, reform or similar measures. These ongoing
conditions have caused, and are likely to continue to cause, disruptions in the
global financial markets, particularly if they lead to any future sovereign debt
defaults and/or significant bank failures or defaults in the
Eurozone.

63

     The impact of the
ongoing Eurozone debt and economic crisis and other developments in the EMU
could be even more significant if they lead to a partial or complete break-up of
the EMU. The exit of one or more member countries from the EMU could result in
certain obligations relating to the exiting country being redenominated from the
Euro to a new country currency. Redenomination could be accompanied by immediate
revaluation of the new currency as compared to the Euro and the U.S. dollar, the
extent of which would depend on the particular facts and circumstances. Any such
redenomination/revaluation would cause significant legal and other uncertainty
with respect to outstanding obligations of counterparties and debtors in any
exiting country, whether sovereign or otherwise, and would likely lead to
complex, lengthy litigation. Redenomination/revaluation could also be
accompanied by the imposition of exchange and/or capital controls, required
functional currency changes and “deposit flight.”

     The ongoing Eurozone debt
and economic crisis has created, and will continue to create, significant
uncertainty for Citi and the global economy. Any occurrence or combination of
the events described above could negatively impact Citi’s businesses, results of
operations and financial condition, both directly through its own exposures as
well as indirectly. For example, at times, Citi has experienced widening of its
credit spreads and thus increased costs of funding due to concerns about its
Eurozone exposure. In addition, U.S. regulators could impose mandatory loan loss
and other reserve requirements on U.S. financial institutions, including Citi,
if a particular country’s economic situation deteriorates below a certain level,
which could negatively impact Citi’s earnings, perhaps significantly. Citi’s
businesses, results of operations and financial condition could also be
negatively impacted due to a decline in general global economic conditions as a
result of the ongoing Eurozone crises, particularly given its global footprint
and strategy. In addition to the uncertainties and potential impacts described
above, the ongoing Eurozone crisis and/or partial or complete break-up of the
EMU could cause, among other things, severe disruption to global equity markets,
significant increases in bond yields generally, potential failure or default of
financial institutions (including those of systemic importance), a significant
decrease in global liquidity, a freeze-up of global credit markets and worldwide
recession.

     While Citi endeavors to mitigate its
credit and other exposures related to the Eurozone, the potential outcomes and
impact of those outcomes resulting from the Eurozone crisis are highly uncertain
and will ultimately be based on the specific facts and circumstances. As a
result, there can be no assurance that the various steps Citi has taken to
protect its businesses, results of operations and financial condition against
these events will be sufficient. In addition, there could be negative impacts to
Citi’s businesses, results of operations or financial condition that are
currently unknown to Citi and thus cannot be mitigated as part of its ongoing
contingency planning. For additional information on these matters, see “Managing
Global Risk—Country Risk” below.

The Continued Uncertainty Relating to the Sustainability and Pace
of Economic Recovery in the U.S. and Globally Could Have a Negative Impact on Citi’s Businesses and Results of
Operations. Moreover, Any Significant Global Economic Downturn or Disruption, Including a Significant Decline in Global
Trade Volumes, Could Materially and Adversely Impact Citi’s Businesses, Results of Operations and
Financial Condition.

Like other financial institutions, Citi’s
businesses have been, and could continue to be, negatively impacted by the uncertainty surrounding the sustainability and
pace of economic recovery in the U.S. as well as globally. This continued uncertainty has impacted, and could continue to
impact, the results of operations in, and growth of, Citi’s businesses. Among other impacts, continued economic
concerns can negatively affect Citi’s
 ICG

businesses, as clients cut back on trading and other business activities, as well as its Consumer businesses, including
its credit card and mortgage businesses, as continued high levels of unemployment can impact payment and thus delinquency
and loss rates. Fiscal and monetary actions taken by U.S. and non-U.S. government and regulatory authorities to spur
economic growth or otherwise, such as by maintaining a low interest rate environment, can also have an impact on
Citi’s businesses and results of operations. For example, actions by the Federal Reserve Board can impact Citi’s
cost of funds for lending, investing and capital raising activities and the returns it earns on those loans and
investments, both of which affect Citi’s net interest margin.

Moreover,
if a severe global economic downturn or other major economic disruption were to occur, including a significant decline
in global trade volumes, Citi would likely experience substantial loan and other losses and be required to
significantly increase its loan loss reserves, among other impacts. A global trade disruption that results in a permanently
reduced level of trade volumes and increased costs of global trade, whether as a result of a prolonged “trade
war” or some other reason, could significantly impact trade financing activities, certain trade dependent economies
(such as the emerging markets in Asia) as well as certain industries heavily dependent on trade, among other things. Given
Citi’s global strategy and focus on the emerging markets, such a downturn and decrease in global trade volumes could
materially and adversely impact Citi’s businesses, results of operation and financial condition, particularly as
compared to its competitors. This could include, among other things, a potential that any such losses would not be tax
benefitted, given the current environment.

Concerns About the Level of U.S.
Government Debt and a Downgrade (or a Further Downgrade) of the U.S. Government
Credit Rating Could Negatively Impact Citi’s Businesses, Results of Operations,
Capital, Funding and Liquidity.

Concerns about the level of U.S. government debt and uncertainty relating
to fiscal actions that may be taken to address these and related issues have,
and could continue to, adversely affect Citi. In 2011, Standard & Poor’s
lowered its long-term sovereign credit rating on the U.S. government from AAA to
AA+, and Moody’s and Fitch both placed such rating on negative outlook.

64

According to the credit rating agencies,
these actions resulted from the high level of U.S. government debt and the
continued inability of Congress to reach an agreement to ensure payment of U.S.
government debt and reduce the U.S. debt level. Among other things, a future
downgrade (or further downgrade) of U.S. debt obligations or U.S.
government-related obligations, or concerns that such a downgrade might occur,
could negatively affect Citi’s ability to obtain funding collateralized by such
obligations and the pricing of such funding as well as the pricing or
availability of Citi’s funding as a U.S. financial institution. Any further
downgrade could also have a negative impact on financial markets and economic
conditions generally and, as a result, could have a negative impact on Citi’s
businesses, results of operations, capital, funding and liquidity.

Citi’s Extensive Global Network
Subjects It to Various International and Emerging Markets Risks as well as
Increased Compliance and Regulatory Risks and Costs.

During 2012, international revenues accounted for
approximately 57% of Citi’s total revenues. In addition, revenues from the
emerging markets (which Citi generally defines as the markets in 
Asia 

(other than Japan,
Australia and New Zealand), the Middle East, Africa and central and eastern
European countries in 
EMEA 

and the markets in 
Latin
America

) accounted for approximately 44% of
Citi’s total revenues in 2012.

Citi’s extensive global network subjects it to a number of
risks associated with international and emerging markets, including, among
others, sovereign volatility, political events, foreign exchange controls,
limitations on foreign investment, socio-political instability, nationalization,
closure of branches or subsidiaries and confiscation of assets. For example,
Citi operates in several countries, such as Argentina and Venezuela, with strict
foreign exchange controls that limit its ability to convert local currency into
U.S. dollars and/or transfer funds outside the country. In such cases, Citi
could be exposed to a risk of loss in the event that the local currency devalues
as compared to the U.S. dollar (see “Managing Global Risk— Country and
Cross-Border Risk” below). There have also been instances of political turmoil
and other instability in some of the countries in which Citi operates, including
in certain countries in the Middle East and Africa, to which Citi has responded
by transferring assets and relocating staff members to more stable
jurisdictions. Similar incidents in the future could place Citi’s staff and
operations in danger and may result in financial losses, some significant,
including nationalization of Citi’s assets.

     Additionally, given its
global focus, Citi could be disproportionately impacted as compared to its
competitors by an economic downturn in the international and/or emerging
markets, whether resulting from economic conditions within these markets, the
ripple effect of the ongoing Eurozone crisis, the global economy generally or
otherwise. If a particular country’s economic situation were to deteriorate
below a certain level, U.S. regulators could impose mandatory loan loss and
other reserve requirements on Citi, which could negatively impact its earnings,
perhaps significantly. In addition, countries such as China, Brazil and India,
each of which are part of Citi’s emerging markets strategy, have recently
experienced uncertainty over 

the pace and extent of future economic
growth. Lower or negative growth in these or other emerging market economies
could make execution of Citi’s global strategy more challenging and could
adversely affect Citi’s results of operations.

     Citi’s extensive global
operations also increase its compliance and regulatory risks and costs. For
example, Citi’s operations in emerging markets subject it to higher compliance
risks under U.S. regulations primarily focused on various aspects of global
corporate activities, such as anti-money-laundering regulations and the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act, which can be more acute in less developed markets and
thus require substantial investment in compliance infrastructure. Any failure by
Citi to comply with applicable U.S. regulations, as well as the regulations in
the countries and markets in which it operates as a result of its global
footprint, could result in fines, penalties, injunctions or other similar
restrictions, any of which could negatively impact Citi’s earnings and its
general reputation. Further, Citi provides a wide range of financial products
and services to the U.S. and other governments, to multi-national corporations
and other businesses, and to prominent individuals and families around the
world. The actions of these clients involving the use of Citi products or
services could result in an adverse impact on Citi, including adverse regulatory
and reputational impact.

LIQUIDITY RISKS

The Maintenance of Adequate
Liquidity Depends on Numerous Factors, Including Those Outside of Citi’s Control
such as Market Disruptions and Increases in Citi’s Credit
Spreads.

As a global financial
institution, adequate liquidity and sources of funding are essential to Citi’s
businesses. Citi’s liquidity and sources of funding can be significantly and
negatively impacted by factors it cannot control, such as general disruptions in
the financial markets or negative perceptions about the financial services
industry in general, or negative investor perceptions of Citi’s liquidity,
financial position or creditworthiness in particular. Market perception of
sovereign default risks, including those arising from the ongoing Eurozone debt
crisis, can also lead to inefficient money markets and capital markets, which
could further impact Citi’s availability and cost of funding.

     In addition,
Citi’s cost and ability to obtain deposits, secured funding and long-term
unsecured funding from the credit and capital markets are directly related to
its credit spreads. Changes in credit spreads constantly occur and are
market-driven, including both external market factors and factors specific to
Citi, and can be highly volatile. Citi’s credit spreads may also be influenced
by movements in the costs to purchasers of credit default swaps referenced to
Citi’s long-term debt, which are also impacted by these external and
Citi-specific factors. Moreover, Citi’s ability to obtain funding may be
impaired if other market participants are seeking to access the markets at the
same time, or if market appetite is reduced, as is likely to occur in a
liquidity or other market crisis. In addition, clearing organizations,
regulators, clients and financial institutions with which Citi interacts may
exercise the right to 

65

require additional collateral based on
these market perceptions or market conditions, which could further impair Citi’s
access to and cost of funding.

As a holding company, Citigroup relies on dividends,
distributions and other payments from its subsidiaries to fund dividends as well
as to satisfy its debt and other obligations. Several of Citigroup’s
subsidiaries are subject to capital adequacy or other regulatory or contractual
restrictions on their ability to provide such payments. Limitations on the
payments that Citigroup receives from its subsidiaries could also impact its
liquidity.

     For additional information on Citi’s
funding and liquidity, including Basel III regulatory liquidity standards, see
“Capital Resources and Liquidity—Funding and Liquidity—Liquidity Management,
Measures and Stress Testing” above.

The Credit Rating Agencies
Continuously Review the Ratings of Citi and Certain of Its Subsidiaries, and
Reductions in Citi’s or Its More Significant Subsidiaries’ Credit Ratings Could
Have a Negative Impact on Citi’s Funding and Liquidity Due to Reduced Funding
Capacity, Including Derivatives Triggers That Could Require Cash Obligations or
Collateral Requirements.

The credit
rating agencies, such as Fitch, Moody’s and S&P, continuously evaluate Citi
and certain of its subsidiaries, and their ratings of Citi’s and its more
significant subsidiaries’ long-term/senior debt and short-term/commercial
paper, as applicable, are based on a number of factors, including financial
strength, as well as factors not entirely within the control of Citi and its
subsidiaries, such as the agencies’ proprietary rating agency methodologies and
assumptions and conditions affecting the financial services industry and markets
generally.

     Citi and its subsidiaries may not be able
to maintain their current respective ratings. A ratings downgrade by Fitch,
Moody’s or S&P could negatively impact Citi’s ability to access the capital
markets and other sources of funds as well as the costs of those funds, and its
ability to maintain certain deposits. A ratings downgrade could also have a
negative impact on Citi’s funding and liquidity due to reduced funding capacity,
including derivative triggers, which could take the form of cash obligations and
collateral requirements. In addition, a ratings downgrade could also have a
negative impact on other funding sources, such as secured financing and other
margined transactions for which there are no explicit triggers, as well as on
contractual provisions which contain minimum ratings thresholds in order for
Citi to hold third-party funds.

     Moreover, credit ratings downgrades can
have impacts which may not be currently known to Citi or which are not possible
to quantify. For example, some entities may have ratings limitations as to their
permissible counterparties, of which Citi may or may not be aware. In addition,
certain of Citi’s corporate customers and trading counterparties, among other
clients, could re-evaluate their business relationships with Citi and limit the
trading of certain contracts or market instruments with Citi in response to
ratings downgrades. Changes in customer and counterparty behavior could impact
not only Citi’s funding and liquidity but also the results of operations of certain Citi businesses. For additional
information on the potential impact of a reduction in Citi’s or Citibank, N.A.’s
credit ratings, see “Capital Resources and Liquidity—Funding and
Liquidity—Credit Ratings” above.

LEGAL RISKS

Citi Is Subject to Extensive Legal
and Regulatory Proceedings, Investigations, and Inquiries That Could Result in
Substantial Losses. These Matters Are Often Highly Complex and Slow to Develop,
and Results Are Difficult to Predict or Estimate.

At any given time, Citi is defending a significant number of
legal and regulatory proceedings and is subject to numerous governmental and
regulatory examinations, investigations and other inquiries. These proceedings,
examinations, investigations and inquiries could result, individually or
collectively, in substantial losses.

     In the wake of the financial crisis of
2007–2009, the frequency with which such proceedings, investigations and
inquiries are initiated, and the severity of the remedies sought, have increased
substantially, and the global judicial, regulatory and political environment has
generally become more hostile to large financial institutions such as Citi. Many
of the proceedings, investigations and inquiries involving Citi relating to
events before or during the financial crisis have not yet been resolved, and
additional proceedings, investigations and inquiries relating to such events may
still be commenced. In addition, heightened expectations by regulators and other
enforcement authorities for strict compliance could also lead to more regulatory
and other enforcement proceedings seeking greater sanctions for financial
institutions such as Citi.

     For example, Citi is currently subject to
extensive legal and regulatory inquiries, actions and investigations relating to
its historical mortgage-related activities, including claims regarding the
accuracy of offering documents for residential mortgage-backed securities and
alleged breaches of representation and warranties relating to the sale of
mortgage loans or the placement of mortgage loans into securitization trusts
(for additional information on representation and warranty matters, see
“Managing Global Risk—Credit Risk—Citigroup Residential
Mortgages—Representations and Warranties” below). Citi is also subject to
extensive legal and regulatory inquiries, actions and investigations relating
to, among other things, submissions made by Citi and other panel banks to bodies
that publish various interbank offered rates, such as the London Inter-Bank
Offered Rate (LIBOR), or other rates or benchmarks. Like other banks with
operations in the U.S., Citi is also subject to continuing oversight by the OCC
and other bank regulators, and inquiries and investigations by other
governmental and regulatory authorities, with respect to its anti-money
laundering program. Other banks subject to similar or the same inquiries,
actions or investigations have incurred substantial liability in relation to
their activities in these areas, including in a few cases criminal
convictions or deferred prosecution agreements respecting corporate entities as
well as substantial fines and penalties.

66

     Moreover,
regulatory changes resulting from the Dodd-Frank Act and other recent regulatory
changes—such as the limitations on federal preemption in the consumer arena, the
creation of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau with its own examination
and enforcement authority and the “whistle-blower” provisions of the Dodd-Frank
Act—could further increase the number of legal and regulatory proceedings
against Citi. In addition, while Citi takes numerous steps to prevent and detect
employee misconduct, such as fraud, employee misconduct cannot always be
deterred or prevented and could subject Citi to additional
liability.

     All of these inquiries, actions and
investigations have resulted in, and will continue to result in, significant
time, expense and diversion of management’s attention. In addition, proceedings
brought against Citi may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines,
penalties, restitution, disgorgement, injunctions, business improvement orders
or other results adverse to it, which could materially and negatively affect
Citi’s businesses, financial condition or results of operations, require
material changes in Citi’s operations, or cause Citi reputational harm.
Moreover, many large claims asserted against Citi are highly complex and slow to
develop, and they may involve novel or untested legal theories. The outcome of
such proceedings is difficult to predict or estimate until late in the
proceedings, which may last several years. In addition, certain settlements are
subject to court approval and may not be approved. Although Citi establishes
accruals for its legal and regulatory matters according to accounting
requirements, the amount of loss ultimately incurred in relation to those
matters may be substantially higher than the amounts accrued. For
additional information relating to Citi’s legal and regulatory proceedings, see
Note 28 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL
RISKS

The Remaining Assets in Citi
Holdings Will Likely Continue to Have a Negative Impact on Citi’s Results of
Operations and Its Ability to Utilize the Capital Supporting the Remaining
Assets in Citi Holdings for More Productive Purposes.

As of December 31, 2012, the remaining assets within Citi
Holdings constituted approximately 8% of Citigroup’s GAAP assets and 15% of its
risk-weighted assets (as defined under current regulatory guidelines). Also as
of December 31, 2012, 
LCL

 constituted approximately 81% of Citi Holdings assets, of
which approximately 73% consisted of legacy U.S. mortgages which had an
estimated weighted average life of six years.

     The pace of the wind-down of
the remaining assets within Citi Holdings has slowed as Citi has disposed of
certain of the larger businesses within this segment. While Citi’s strategy
continues to be to reduce the remaining assets in Citi Holdings as quickly as
practicable in an economically rational manner, sales of the remaining assets
could largely depend on factors outside of Citi’s control, such as market
appetite and buyer funding. Assets that are not sold will continue to be subject
to ongoing run-off and paydowns. As a result, Citi Holdings’ remaining assets
will likely continue to have a negative impact on Citi’s overall results of
operations. Moreover, Citi’s ability to utilize the capital supporting the remaining
assets within Citi Holdings and thus use such capital for more productive
purposes, including return of capital to shareholders, will also depend on the
ultimate pace and level of the wind-down of Citi Holdings.

Citi’s Ability to Return Capital to
Shareholders Is Dependent in Part on the CCAR Process and the Results of
Required Regulatory Stress Tests and Other Governmental
Approvals.

In addition to Board of
Directors’ approval, any decision by Citi to return capital to shareholders,
whether through an increase in its common stock dividend or by initiating a
share repurchase program, is dependent in part on regulatory approval, including
annual regulatory review of the results of the Comprehensive Capital Analysis
and Review (CCAR) process required by the Federal Reserve Board and the
supervisory stress tests required under the Dodd-Frank Act. Restrictions on
Citi’s ability to increase its common stock dividend or engage in share
repurchase programs as a result of these processes has, and could in the future,
negatively impact market perceptions of Citi.

     Citi’s ability to accurately
predict or explain to stakeholders the outcome of the CCAR process, and thus
address any such market perceptions, is hindered by the Federal Reserve Board’s
use of proprietary stress test models. In 2013, for the first time there will
also be a requirement for Citi to publish, in March and September, certain
stress test results (as prescribed by the Federal Reserve Board) that will be
based on Citi’s own stress tests models. The Federal Reserve Board will
disclose, in March, certain results based on its proprietary stress test models.
Because it is not clear how these proprietary models may differ from Citi’s
models, it is likely that Citi’s stress test results using its own models may
not be consistent with those eventually disclosed by the Federal Reserve Board,
thus potentially leading to additional confusion and impacts to Citi’s
perception in the market.

     In addition, pursuant to Citi’s agreement
with the FDIC entered into in connection with exchange offers consummated in
July and September 2009, Citi remains subject to dividend and share repurchase
restrictions for as long as the FDIC continues to hold any Citi trust preferred
securities acquired in connection with the exchange offers. While these
restrictions may be waived, they generally prohibit Citi from paying regular
cash dividends in excess of $0.01 per share of common stock per quarter or from
redeeming or repurchasing any Citi equity securities, which includes its common
stock or trust preferred securities. As of February 15, 2013, the FDIC continued
to hold approximately $2.225 billion of trust preferred securities issued in
connection with the exchange offers (which become redeemable on July 30,
2014).

67

Citi May Be Unable to Reduce Its
Level of Expenses as It Expects, and Investments in Its Businesses May Not Be
Productive.

Citi continues to pursue a
disciplined expense-management strategy, including re-engineering, restructuring
operations and improving the efficiency of functions. In December 2012, Citi
announced a series of repositioning actions designed to further reduce its
expenses and improve its efficiency. However, there is no guarantee
that Citi will be able to reduce its level of expenses, whether as a result of
the recently-announced repositioning actions or otherwise, in the future. Citi’s
ultimate expense levels also depend, in part, on factors outside of its control.
For example, as a result of the extensive legal and regulatory proceedings and
inquiries to which Citi is subject, Citi’s legal and related costs remain
elevated, have been, and are likely to continue to be, subject to volatility and
are difficult to predict. In addition, expenses incurred in Citi’s foreign
entities are subject to foreign exchange volatility. Further, Citi’s ability to
continue to reduce its expenses as a result of the wind-down of Citi Holdings
will also decline as Citi Holdings represents a smaller overall portion of
Citigroup. Moreover, investments Citi has made in its businesses, or may make in
the future, may not be as productive as Citi expects or at all.

Citi’s Ability to Utilize Its DTAs Will Be Driven by Its
Ability to Generate U.S. Taxable Income, Which Could Continue to Be Negatively Impacted by the Wind-Down of Citi
Holdings.

Citigroup’s total DTAs increased by approximately $3.8
billion in 2012 to $55.3 billion at December 31, 2012, while the time remaining for utilization has shortened, particularly
with respect to the foreign tax credit (FTC) component of the DTAs. The increase in the total DTAs in 2012 was due, in large
part, to the continued negative impact of Citi Holdings on Citi’s U.S.
taxable income.

The accounting treatment for DTAs is
complex and requires a significant amount of judgment and estimates regarding future taxable earnings in the jurisdictions
in which the DTAs arise and available tax planning strategies. Realization of the DTAs will continue to be driven primarily
by Citi’s ability to generate U.S. taxable income in the relevant tax carry-forward periods, particularly the FTC carry-forward periods. Citi does not expect a significant reduction in the balance of its net DTAs during 2013.
For additional information, see “Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates—Income Taxes”
below and Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

The Value of Citi’s DTAs Could Be
Significantly Reduced If Corporate Tax Rates in the U.S. or Certain State or
Foreign Jurisdictions Decline or as a Result of Other Changes in the U.S.
Corporate Tax System.

Congress and the
Obama Administration have discussed decreasing the U.S. corporate tax rate.
Similar discussions have taken place in certain state and foreign jurisdictions.
While Citi may benefit in some respects from any decrease in corporate tax
rates, a reduction in the U.S., state or foreign corporate tax rates could
result in a significant decrease in the value of Citi’s DTAs. There have also
been recent discussions of more sweeping changes to the U.S. tax system,
including changes to the tax treatment of foreign business income. It is
uncertain whether or when any such tax reform proposals will be enacted into
law, and whether or how they will affect Citi’s DTAs.

Citi Maintains Contractual
Relationships with Various Retailers and Merchants Within Its U.S. Credit Card
Businesses in NA RCB, and the Failure to Maintain Those Relationships Could Have
a Material Negative Impact on the Results of Operations or Financial Condition
of Those Businesses.

Through its U.S.
Citi-branded cards and Citi retail services credit card businesses within

North America Regional Consumer Banking (NA
RCB)

, Citi maintains numerous co-branding
relationships with third-party retailers and merchants in the ordinary course of
business pursuant to which Citi issues credit cards to customers of the
retailers or merchants. These agreements provide for shared economics between
the parties and ways to increase customer brand loyalty, and generally have a
fixed term that may be extended or renewed by the parties or terminated early in
certain circumstances. While various mitigating factors could be available in
the event of the loss of one or more of these co-branding relationships, such as
replacing the retailer or merchant or by Citi’s offering new card products, the
results of operations or financial condition of Citi-branded cards or Citi
retail services, as applicable, or 
NA
RCB

 could be negatively impacted, and the
impact could be material.

     These agreements could be terminated due
to, among other factors, a breach by Citi of its responsibilities under the
applicable co-branding agreement, a breach by the retailer or merchant under the
agreement, or external factors outside of either party’s control, including
bankruptcies, liquidations, restructurings or consolidations and other similar
events that may occur. For example, within 

NA
RCB

 Citi-branded cards, Citi issues a
co-branded credit card product with American Airlines, the Citi-AAdvantage card.
As has been widely reported, AMR Corporation and certain of its subsidiaries,
including American Airlines, Inc. (collectively, AMR), filed voluntary petitions
for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy code in November
2011. On February 14, 2013, AMR and US Airways Group, Inc. announced that the
boards of directors of both companies had approved a merger agreement under
which the companies would be combined. The merger, which is conditioned upon,
among other things, U.S. Bankruptcy Court approval, is expected to be completed
in the third quarter of 2013. To date, the ongoing AMR bankruptcy and the merger
announcement have not had a material impact on the results of operations for
U.S. Citi-branded cards or 
NA
RCB

. However, it is not certain when the
bankruptcy and merger processes will be resolved, what the outcome will be,
whether or over what period the Citi-AAdvantage card program will continue to be
maintained and whether the impact of the bankruptcy or merger could be material
to the results of operations or financial condition of U.S. Citi-branded cards
or 
NA RCB

over time.

68

Citi’s Operational Systems and
Networks Have Been, and Will Continue to Be, Subject to an Increasing Risk of
Continually Evolving Cybersecurity or Other Technological Risks, Which Could
Result in the Disclosure of Confidential Client or Customer Information, Damage
to Citi’s Reputation, Additional Costs to Citi, Regulatory Penalties and
Financial Losses.

A significant
portion of Citi’s operations relies heavily on the secure processing, storage
and transmission of confidential and other information as well as the monitoring
of a large number of complex transactions on a minute-by-minute basis. For
example, through its global consumer banking, credit card and Transaction
Services businesses, Citi obtains and stores an extensive amount of personal and
client-specific information for its retail, corporate and governmental customers
and clients and must accurately record and reflect their extensive account
transactions. With the evolving proliferation of new technologies and the
increasing use of the Internet and mobile devices to conduct financial
transactions, large, global financial institutions such as Citi have been, and
will continue to be, subject to an increasing risk of cyber incidents from these
activities.

Although
Citi devotes significant resources to maintain and regularly upgrade its systems
and networks with measures such as intrusion and detection prevention systems
and monitoring firewalls to safeguard critical business applications, there is
no guarantee that these measures or any other measures can provide absolute
security. Citi’s computer systems, software and networks are subject to ongoing
cyber incidents such as unauthorized access; loss or destruction of data
(including confidential client information); account takeovers; unavailability
of service; computer viruses or other malicious code; cyber attacks; and other
events. These threats may derive from human error, fraud or malice on the part
of employees or third parties, or may result from accidental technological
failure. Additional challenges are posed by external extremist parties,
including foreign state actors, in some circumstances as a means to promote
political ends. If one or more of these events occurs, it could result in the
disclosure of confidential client information, damage to Citi’s reputation with
its clients and the market, customer dissatisfaction, additional costs to Citi
(such as repairing systems or adding new personnel or protection technologies),
regulatory penalties, exposure to litigation and other financial losses to both
Citi and its clients and customers. Such events could also cause interruptions
or malfunctions in the operations of Citi (such as the lack of availability of
Citi’s online banking system), as well as the operations of its clients,
customers or other third parties. Given Citi’s global footprint and high volume
of transactions processed by Citi, certain errors or actions may be repeated or
compounded before they are discovered and rectified, which would further
increase these costs and consequences.

Citi has been subject to intentional cyber incidents from external
sources, including (i) denial of service attacks, which attempted to interrupt
service to clients and customers; (ii) data breaches, which aimed to obtain
unauthorized access to customer account data; and (iii) malicious software
attacks on client systems, which attempted to allow unauthorized entrance to
Citi’s systems under the guise of a client and the extraction of client data.
For example, in 2012 Citi and other U.S. financial institutions experienced
distributed denial of service attacks which were intended to disrupt consumer
online banking services. While Citi’s monitoring and protection services were
able to detect and respond to these incidents before they became significant,
they still resulted in certain limited losses in some instances as well as
increases in expenditures to monitor against the threat of similar future cyber
incidents. There can be no assurance that such cyber incidents will not occur
again, and they could occur more frequently and on a more significant scale. In
addition, because the methods used to cause cyber attacks change frequently or,
in some cases, are not recognized until launched, Citi may be unable to
implement effective preventive measures or proactively address these
methods.

Third parties with which Citi does business may also be sources of
cybersecurity or other technological risks. Citi outsources certain functions,
such as processing customer credit card transactions, uploading content on
customer-facing websites, and developing software for new products and services.
These relationships allow for the storage and processing of customer
information, by third party hosting of or access to Citi websites, which could
result in service disruptions or website defacements, and the potential to
introduce vulnerable code, resulting in security breaches impacting Citi
customers. While Citi engages in certain actions to reduce the exposure
resulting from outsourcing, such as performing onsite security control
assessments, limiting third-party access to the least privileged level necessary
to perform job functions, and restricting third-party processing to systems
stored within Citi’s data centers, ongoing threats may result in unauthorized
access, loss or destruction of data or other cyber incidents with increased
costs and consequences to Citi such as those discussed above. Furthermore,
because financial institutions are becoming increasingly interconnected with
central agents, exchanges and clearing houses, including through the derivatives
provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, Citi has increased exposure to operational
failure or cyber attacks through third parties.

     While Citi maintains
insurance coverage that may, subject to policy terms and conditions including
significant self-insured deductibles, cover certain aspects of cyber risks, such
insurance coverage may be insufficient to cover all losses.

69

Citi’s Performance and the
Performance of Its Individual Businesses Could Be Negatively Impacted If Citi Is
Not Able to Hire and Retain Qualified Employees for Any
Reason.

Citi’s performance and the
performance of its individual businesses is largely dependent on the talents and
efforts of highly skilled employees. Specifically, Citi’s continued ability to
compete in its businesses, to manage its businesses effectively and to continue
to execute its overall global strategy depends on its ability to attract new
employees and to retain and motivate its existing employees. Citi’s ability to
attract and retain employees depends on numerous factors, including without
limitation, its culture, compensation, the management and leadership of the
company as well as its individual businesses, Citi’s presence in the particular
market or region at issue and the professional opportunities it offers. The
banking industry has and may continue to experience more stringent regulation of
employee compensation, including limitations relating to incentive-based
compensation, clawback requirements and special taxation. Moreover, given its
continued focus on the emerging markets, Citi is often competing for qualified
employees in these markets with entities that have a significantly greater
presence in the region or are not subject to significant regulatory restrictions
on the structure of incentive compensation. If Citi is unable to continue to
attract and retain qualified employees for any reason, Citi’s performance,
including its competitive position, the successful execution of its overall
strategy and its results of operations could be negatively impacted.

Incorrect Assumptions or Estimates
in Citi’s Financial Statements Could Cause Significant Unexpected Losses in the
Future, and Changes to Financial Accounting and Reporting Standards Could Have a
Material Impact on How Citi Records and Reports Its Financial Condition and
Results of Operations.

Citi is
required to use certain assumptions and estimates in preparing its financial
statements under U.S. GAAP, including determining credit loss reserves, reserves
related to litigation and regulatory exposures and mortgage representation and
warranty claims, DTAs and the fair value of certain assets and liabilities,
among other items. If Citi’s assumptions or estimates underlying its financial
statements are incorrect, Citi could experience unexpected losses, some of which
could be significant.

Moreover, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) is currently
reviewing or proposing changes to several financial accounting and reporting
standards that govern key aspects of Citi’s financial statements, including
those areas where Citi is required to make assumptions or estimates. For
example, the FASB’s financial instruments project could, among other things,
significantly change how Citi determines the impairment on financial instruments
and accounts for hedges. The FASB has also proposed a new accounting model
intended to require earlier recognition of credit losses. The accounting model
would require a single “expected credit loss” measurement objective for the
recognition of credit losses for all financial instruments, replacing the
multiple existing impairment models in U.S. GAAP, which generally require that a
loss be “incurred” before it is recognized. For additional information on this
proposed new accounting model, see Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements.

As a result of changes to financial accounting or reporting standards,
whether promulgated or required by the FASB or other regulators, Citi could be
required to change certain of the assumptions or estimates it previously used in
preparing its financial statements, which could negatively impact how it records
and reports its financial condition and results of operations generally. In
addition, the FASB continues its convergence project with the International
Accounting Standards Board (IASB) pursuant to which U.S. GAAP and International
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) may be converged. Any transition to IFRS
could further have a material impact on how Citi records and reports its
financial results. For additional information on the key areas for which
assumptions and estimates are used in preparing Citi’s financial statements, see
“Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates” below and Note 28 to
the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Changes Could Occur in the Method
for Determining LIBOR and It Is Unclear How Any Such Changes Could Affect the
Value of Debt Securities and Other Financial Obligations Held or Issued by Citi
That Are Linked to LIBOR, or How Such Changes Could Affect Citi’s Results of
Operations or Financial Condition.

As
a result of concerns about the accuracy of the calculation of the daily LIBOR,
which is currently overseen by the British Bankers’ Association (BBA), the BBA
has taken steps to change the process for determining LIBOR by increasing the
number of banks surveyed to set LIBOR and to strengthen the oversight of the
process. In addition, recommendations relating to the setting and administration
of LIBOR were put forth in September 2012, and the U.K. government has announced
that it intends to incorporate these recommendations in new
legislation.

     It is uncertain what changes, if any, may
be required or made by the U.K. government or other governmental or regulatory
authorities in the method for determining LIBOR. Accordingly, it is not certain
whether or to what extent any such changes could have an adverse impact on the
value of any LIBOR-linked debt securities issued by Citi, or any loans,
derivatives and other financial obligations or extensions of credit for which
Citi is an obligor. It is also not certain whether or to what extent any such
changes would have an adverse impact on the value of any LIBOR-linked
securities, loans, derivatives and other financial obligations or extensions of
credit held by or due to Citi or on Citi’s overall financial condition or
results of operations.

70

Citi May Incur Significant Losses If Its Risk Management Processes
and Strategies Are Ineffective, and Concentration of Risk Increases the Potential for Such Losses.

Citi’s
independent risk management organization is structured so as to facilitate the management of the principal risks Citi
assumes in conducting its activities—credit risk, market risk and operational risk—across three dimensions:
businesses, regions and critical products. Credit risk is the potential for financial loss resulting from the failure of a
borrower or counterparty to honor its financial or contractual obligations. Market risk encompasses both liquidity risk and
price risk. For a discussion of funding and liquidity risk, see “Capital Resources and Liquidity—Funding and
Liquidity” and “Risk Factors—Liquidity Risks” above. Price risk losses arise from fluctuations in the
market value of trading and non-trading positions resulting from changes in interest rates, credit spreads, foreign
exchange rates, equity and commodity prices and in their implied volatilities. Operational risk is the risk for loss
resulting from inadequate or failed internal processes, systems or human factors, or from external events, and includes
reputation and franchise risk associated with business practices or market conduct in which Citi is involved. For
additional information on each of these areas of risk as well as risk management at Citi, including management review
processes and structure, see “Managing Global Risk” below. Managing these risks is made especially challenging
within a global and complex financial institution such as Citi, particularly given the complex and diverse financial markets
and rapidly evolving market conditions in which Citi operates.

Citi
employs a broad and diversified set of risk management and mitigation processes and strategies, including the use of various
risk models, in analyzing and monitoring these and other risk categories. However, these models, processes and strategies
are inherently limited because they involve techniques, including the use of historical data in some circumstances, and
judgments that cannot anticipate every economic and financial outcome in the markets in which it operates nor can it
anticipate the specifics and timing of such outcomes. Citi could incur significant losses if its risk management processes,
strategies or models are ineffective in properly anticipating or managing these risks.

In
addition, concentrations of risk, particularly credit and market risk, can further increase the risk of significant losses.
At December 31, 2012, Citi’s most significant concentration of credit risk was with the U.S. government and its
agencies, which primarily results from trading assets and investments issued by the U.S. government and its agencies. Citi
also routinely executes a high volume of securities, trading, derivative and foreign exchange transactions with
counterparties in the financial services sector, including banks, other financial institutions, insurance companies,
investment banks and government and central banks. To the extent regulatory or market developments lead to an increased
centralization of trading activity through particular clearing houses, central agents or exchanges, this could increase
Citi’s concentration of risk in this sector. Concentrations of risk can limit, and have limited, the effectiveness of
Citi’s hedging strategies and have caused Citi to incur significant losses, and they may do so again in the future.

71

MANAGING GLOBAL RISK

Risk
Management—Overview

Citigroup believes
that effective risk management is of primary importance to its overall
operations. Accordingly, Citi’s risk management process has been designed to
monitor, evaluate and manage the principal risks it assumes in conducting its
activities. These include credit, market and operational risks, which are each
discussed in more detail throughout this
section.

Citigroup’s risk management framework is designed to balance business
ownership and accountability for risks with well-defined independent risk
management oversight and responsibility. Citi’s risk management framework is
based on the following principles established by Citi’s Chief Risk
Officer:

a defined risk appetite, aligned with business
 strategy;

accountability through a common framework to
 manage risks;

risk decisions based on transparent, accurate and
 rigorous analytics;

a common risk capital model to evaluate
 risks;

expertise, stature, authority and independence of
 risk managers; and

risk managers empowered to make decisions and
 escalate issues. 

     Significant focus has been placed on
fostering a risk culture based on a policy of “Taking Intelligent Risk with
Shared Responsibility, without Forsaking Individual Accountability”:

“Taking intelligent risk” means that Citi must
 carefully identify, measure 
and aggregate
 risks, and it must establish risk tolerances based on a full 
understanding of “tail risk.”

“Shared responsibility” means that risk managers
 must own and 
influence business outcomes,
 including risk controls that act as a safety 
net for the business.

“Individual accountability” means that all
 individuals are ultimately 
responsible for
 identifying, understanding and managing risks. 

     The Chief Risk Officer, with
oversight from the Risk Management and Finance Committee of the Board of
Directors, as well as the full Board of Directors, is responsible
for:

establishing core standards for the management,
 measurement and 
reporting of
 risk;

identifying, assessing, communicating and
 monitoring risks on a 
company-wide
 basis;

engaging with senior management on a frequent
 basis on material 
matters with respect to
 risk-taking activities in the businesses and related 
risk management processes; and

ensuring that the risk function has adequate
 independence, authority, 
expertise, staffing,
 technology and resources. 

     The risk management organization is
structured so as to facilitate the management of risk across three dimensions:
businesses, regions and critical products.

Each
of Citi’s major business groups has a Business Chief Risk Officer who is the
focal point for risk decisions, such as setting risk limits or approving
transactions in the business. The majority of the staff in Citi’s independent
risk management organization report to these Business Chief Risk Officers. There
are also Chief Risk Officers for Citibank, N.A. and Citi Holdings.

Regional Chief Risk Officers, appointed in each of 
Asia

,
 EMEA 

and
 Latin America

, are
accountable for all the risks in their geographic areas and are the primary risk
contacts for the regional business heads and local regulators.

The
positions of Product Chief Risk Officers are established for those risk areas of
critical importance to Citigroup, currently real estate and structural market
risk, as well as fundamental credit. The Product Chief Risk Officers are
accountable for the risks within their specialty and focus on problem areas
across businesses and regions. The Product Chief Risk Officers serve as a
resource to the Chief Risk Officer, as well as to the Business and Regional
Chief Risk Officers, to better enable the Business and Regional Chief Risk
Officers to focus on the day-to-day management of risks and responsiveness to
business flow.

Each of the Business, Regional and Product Chief Risk Officers
report to Citi’s Chief Risk Officer, who reports to the Head of Franchise Risk
and Strategy, a direct report to the Chief Executive
Officer.

72

Risk Aggregation and Stress
Testing

While Citi’s major risk areas
(i.e., credit, market and operational) are described individually on the
following pages, these risks are also reviewed and managed in conjunction with
one another and across the various businesses via Citi’s risk aggregation and
stress testing processes.

As
noted above, independent risk management monitors and controls major risk
exposures and concentrations across the organization. This requires the
aggregation of risks, within and across businesses, as well as subjecting those
risks to various stress scenarios in order to assess the potential economic
impact they may have on Citigroup.

Stress tests are in place across Citi’s entire portfolio, (i.e., trading,
available-for-sale and accrual portfolios). These firm-wide stress reports
measure the potential impact to Citi and its component businesses of changes in
various types of key risk factors (e.g., interest rates, credit spreads, etc.).
The reports also measure the potential impact of a number of historical and
hypothetical forward-looking systemic stress scenarios, as developed internally
by independent risk management. These firm-wide stress tests are produced on a
monthly basis, and results are reviewed by senior management and the Board of
Directors.

Supplementing the stress testing described above, Citi
independent risk management, working with input from the businesses and finance,
provides periodic updates to senior management and the Board of Directors on
significant potential areas of concern across Citigroup that can arise from risk
concentrations, financial market participants, and other systemic issues. These
areas of focus are intended to be forward-looking assessments of the potential
economic impacts to Citi that may arise from these exposures.

The
stress-testing and focus-position exercises described above are a supplement to
the standard limit-setting and risk-capital exercises described below, as these
processes incorporate events in the marketplace and within Citi that impact the
firm’s outlook on the form, magnitude, correlation and timing of identified
risks that may arise. In addition to enhancing awareness and understanding of
potential exposures, the results of these processes then serve as the starting
point for developing risk management and mitigation strategies.

In
addition to Citi’s ongoing, internal stress testing described above, Citi is
also required to perform stress testing on a periodic basis for a number of
regulatory exercises, including the Federal Reserve Board’s Comprehensive
Capital Analysis and Review (CCAR) and the OCC’s Dodd-Frank Act Stress Testing
(DFAST). For 2013, these stress tests are required annually and mid-year. These regulatory exercises typically prescribe certain defined
scenarios under which stress testing should be conducted, and they also provide
defined forms for the output of the results. For additional information, see
“Risk Factors—Business and Operational Risks” above.

Risk Capital

Citi calculates and allocates risk capital across the company
in order to consistently measure risk taking across business activities, and to
assess risk-reward relationships.

Risk
capital is defined as the amount of capital required to absorb potential
unexpected economic losses resulting from extremely severe events over a
one-year time period.

“Economic losses” include losses that are
 reflected on Citi’s Consolidated 
Income
 Statement and fair value adjustments to the Consolidated 
Financial Statements, as well as any further declines in
 value not captured 
on the Consolidated Income
 Statement.

“Unexpected losses” are the difference between
 potential extremely severe 
losses and
 Citigroup’s expected (average) loss over a one-year time
 period.

“Extremely severe” is defined as potential loss at
 a 99.9% and a 99.97% 
confidence level, based on
 the distribution of observed events and 
scenario analysis. 

     The drivers of economic losses are
risks which, for Citi, are broadly categorized as credit risk, market risk and
operational risk.

Credit risk losses primarily result from a
 borrower’s or counterparty’s 
inability to meet
 its financial or contractual
 obligations.

Market risk losses arise from fluctuations in the
 market value of trading 
and non-trading
 positions, including the changes in value resulting from 
fluctuations in
 rates.

Operational risk losses result from inadequate or
 failed internal processes, 
systems or human
 factors, or from external events. 

     Citi’s risk capital framework is
reviewed and enhanced on a regular basis in light of market developments and
evolving practices.

73

CREDIT RISK

Credit risk is the potential for financial loss resulting from
the failure of a borrower or counterparty to honor its financial or contractual
obligations. Credit risk arises in many of Citigroup’s business activities,
including:

wholesale and retail lending;

capital markets derivative
 transactions;

structured finance; and

repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase
 transactions. 

     Credit risk also arises from
settlement and clearing activities, when Citi transfers an asset in advance of
receiving its counter-value, or advances funds to settle a transaction on behalf
of a client. Concentration risk, within credit risk, is the risk associated with
having credit exposure concentrated within a specific client, industry, region
or other category.

Credit Risk
Management

Credit risk is one of the most
significant risks Citi faces as an institution. As a result, Citi has a
well-established framework in place for managing credit risk across all
businesses. This includes a defined risk appetite, credit limits and credit
policies, both at the business level as well as at the firm-wide level. Citi’s
credit risk management also includes processes and policies with respect to
problem recognition, including “watch lists,” portfolio review, updated risk
ratings and classification triggers. With respect to Citi’s settlement and
clearing activities, intra-day client usage of lines is closely monitored
against limits, as well as against “normal” usage patterns. To the extent a
problem develops, Citi typically moves the client to a secured (collateralized)
operating model. Generally, Citi’s intra-day settlement and clearing lines are
uncommitted and cancellable at any time.

To
manage concentration of risk within credit risk, Citi has in place a
concentration management framework consisting of industry limits, obligor limits
and single-name triggers. In addition, as noted under “Management of Global
Risk—Risk Aggregation and Stress Testing” above, independent risk management
reviews concentration of risk across Citi’s regions and businesses to assist in
managing this type of risk.

Credit Risk Measurement and Stress
Testing

Credit exposures are generally
reported in notional terms for accrual loans, reflecting the value at which the
loans are carried on the Consolidated Balance Sheet. Credit exposure arising
from capital markets activities is generally expressed as the current
mark-to-market, net of margin, reflecting the net value owed to Citi by a given
counterparty.

The credit risk associated with these credit exposures is a
function of the creditworthiness of the obligor, as well as the terms and
conditions of the specific obligation. Citi assesses the credit risk associated
with its credit exposures on a regular basis through its loan loss reserve
process (see “Significant Accounting Policies and Significant Estimates” and
Notes 1 and 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements below), as well as through
regular stress testing at the company-, business-, geography- and
product-levels. These stress-testing processes typically estimate potential
incremental credit costs that would occur as a result of either downgrades in
the credit quality, or defaults, of the obligors or
counterparties.

74

CREDIT RISK

Loans Outstanding

 In millions of dollars

2012

2011

2010

2009

2008

 Consumer loans

 In U.S.
 offices

        Mortgage and
 real estate (1)

$

125,946

$

139,177

$

151,469

$

183,842

$

219,482

        Installment,
 revolving credit, and other

14,070

15,616

28,291

58,099

64,319

        Cards
 (2)

111,403

117,908

122,384

28,951

44,418

        Commercial
 and industrial

5,344

4,766

5,021

5,640

7,041

        Lease
 financing

—

1

2

11

31

$

256,763

$

277,468

$

307,167

$

276,543

$

335,291

 In offices
 outside the U.S.

        Mortgage
 and real estate (1)

$

54,709

$

52,052

$

52,175

$

47,297

$

44,382

        Installment,
 revolving credit, and other

36,182

34,613

38,024

42,805

41,272

        Cards

40,653

38,926

40,948

41,493

42,586

        Commercial
 and industrial

20,001

19,975

16,136

14,183

16,814

        Lease
 financing

781

711

665

331

304

$

152,326

$

146,277

$

147,948

$

146,109

$

145,358

 Total Consumer loans

$

409,089

$

423,745

$

455,115

$

422,652

$

480,649

 Unearned income

(418

)

(405

)

69

808

738

 Consumer loans, net of unearned
 income

$

408,671

$

423,340

$

455,184

$

423,460

$

481,387

 Corporate loans

 In U.S. offices

        Commercial
 and industrial

$

26,985

$

20,830

$

13,669

$

15,614

$

26,447

        Loans to
 financial institutions (2)

18,159

15,113

8,995

6,947

10,200

        Mortgage
 and real estate (1)

24,705

21,516

19,770

22,560

28,043

        Installment,
 revolving credit, and other

32,446

33,182

34,046

17,737

22,050

        Lease
 financing

1,410

1,270

1,413

1,297

1,476

$

103,705

$

91,911

$

77,893

$

64,155

$

88,216

 In offices
 outside the U.S.

        Commercial
 and industrial

$

82,939

$

79,764

$

72,166

$

67,344

$

79,421

        Installment,
 revolving credit, and other

14,958

14,114

11,829

9,683

17,441

        Mortgage
 and real estate (1)

6,485

6,885

5,899

9,779

11,375

        Loans to
 financial institutions

37,739

29,794

22,620

15,113

18,413

        Lease
 financing

605

568

531

1,295

1,850

        Governments
 and official institutions

1,159

1,576

3,644

2,949

773

$

143,885

$

132,701

$

116,689

$

106,163

$

129,273

 Total Corporate loans

$

247,590

$

224,612

$

194,582

$

170,318

$

217,489

 Unearned income

(797

)

(710

)

(972

)

(2,274

)

(4,660

)

 Corporate loans, net of
 unearned income

$

246,793

$

223,902

$

193,610

$

168,044

$

212,829

 Total loans—net of unearned income

$

655,464

$

647,242

$

648,794

$

591,504

$

694,216

 Allowance for loan losses—on drawn
 exposures

(25,455

)

(30,115

)

(40,655

)

(36,033

)

(29,616

)

 Total loans—net of unearned income and allowance for credit
 losses

$

630,009

$

617,127

$

608,139

$

555,471

$

664,600

 Allowance for loan losses as a
 percentage of total loans—net of

        unearned
 income 

(3)

3.92

%

4.69

%

6.31

%

6.09

%

4.27

%

 Allowance for Consumer loan losses as a
 percentage of total Consumer

        loans—net
 of unearned income (3)

5.57

%

6.45

%

7.81

%

6.69

%

4.61

%

 Allowance for Corporate loan losses as
 a percentage of total Corporate

        loans—net
 of unearned income (3)

1.14

%

1.31

%

2.75

%

4.57

%

3.48

%

 (1)     

Loans secured primarily by
 real estate.

 (2)

Beginning in 2010, includes
 the impact of consolidating entities in connection with Citi’s adoption of
 SFAS 167.

 (3)

Excludes loans in 2012, 2011
 and 2010 that are carried at fair value.

75

Details of Credit Loss
Experience

 In millions of dollars at year
 end

2012

2011

2010

2009

2008

 Allowance for loan losses
 at beginning of year

$

30,115

$

40,655

$

36,033

$

29,616

$

16,117

 Provision for loan losses

        Consumer
 (1)(2)

$

10,761

$

12,512

$

25,119

$

32,407

$

27,942

        Corporate

87

(739

)

75

6,353

5,732

$

10,848

$

11,773

$

25,194

$

38,760

$

33,674

 Gross credit losses

 Consumer

        In U.S. offices
 (1)(2)

$

12,226

$

15,767

$

24,183

$

17,637

$

11,624

        In offices outside
 the U.S.

4,612

5,397

6,890

8,819

7,172

 Corporate

 Mortgage and real
 estate

        In U.S.
 offices

59

182

953

592

56

        In offices outside
 the U.S.

21

171

286

151

37

 Governments and official
 institutions outside the U.S.

—

—

—

—

3

 Loans to
 financial institutions

        In U.S.
 offices

33

215

275

274

—

        In offices outside
 the U.S.

68

391

111

448

463

 Commercial and
 industrial

        In U.S.
 offices

154

392

1,222

3,299

627

        In offices outside
 the U.S.

305

649

571

1,564

778

$

17,478

$

23,164

$

34,491

$

32,784

$

20,760

 Credit recoveries

 Consumer

        In U.S.
 offices

$

1,302

$

1,467

$

1,323

$

576

$

585

        In offices outside
 the U.S.

1,183

1,273

1,315

1,089

1,050

 Corporate

 Mortgage and
 real estate

        In U.S.
 offices

17

27

130

3

—

        In offices outside
 the U.S.

19

2

26

1

1

 Governments and official
 institutions outside the U.S.

—

—

—

—

—

 Loans to
 financial institutions

        In U.S.
 offices

—

—

—

—

—

        In offices outside
 the U.S.

43

89

132

11

2

 Commercial and
 industrial

        In U.S.
 offices

243

175

591

276

6

        In offices outside
 the U.S.

95

93

115

87

105

$

2,902

$

3,126

$

3,632

$

2,043

$

1,749

 Net
 credit losses

        In U.S. offices
 (1)(2)

$

10,910

$

14,887

$

24,589

$

20,947

$

11,716

        In offices outside
 the U.S.

3,666

5,151

6,270

9,794

7,295

 Total

$

14,576

$

20,038

$

30,859

$

30,741

$

19,011

 Other—net (3)

$

(932

)

$

(2,275

)

$

10,287

$

(1,602

)

$

(1,164

)

 Allowance for loan losses at end of
 year

$

25,455

$

30,115

$

40,655

$

36,033

$

29,616

 Allowance for loan losses as a % of total loans
 (4)

3.92

%

4.69

%

6.31

%

6.09

%

4.27

%

 Allowance for unfunded lending
 commitments (5)

$

1,119

$

1,136

$

1,066

$

1,157

$

887

 Total allowance for loans, leases and unfunded lending
 commitments

$

26,574

$

31,251

$

41,721

$

37,190

$

30,503

 Net Consumer
 credit losses

$

14,353

$

18,424

$

28,435

$

24,791

$

17,161

 As a percentage of average Consumer loans

3.49

%

4.20

%

5.74

%

5.43

%

3.34

%

 Net Corporate
 credit losses (recoveries)

$

223

$

1,614

$

2,424

$

5,950

$

1,850

 As a percentage of average Corporate loans

0.09

%

0.79

%

1.27

%

3.13

%

0.84

%

 Allowance for loan losses at end of period

(6)

 Citicorp

$

14,623

$

12,656

$

17,075

$

10,731

$

8,202

 Citi Holdings

10,832

17,459

23,580

25,302

21,414

        Total
 Citigroup

$

25,455

$

30,115

$

40,655

$

36,033

$

29,616

 Allowance by type

 Consumer

$

22,679

$

27,236

$

35,406

$

28,347

$

22,204

 Corporate

2,776

2,879

5,249

7,686

7,412

        Total Citigroup

$

25,455

$

30,115

$

40,655

$

36,033

$

29,616

See footnotes on the next
page.

76

 (1)     

2012 includes approximately
 $635 million of incremental charge-offs related to the Office of the
 Comptroller of the Currency (OCC) guidance issued in the third quarter of
 2012, which required mortgage loans to borrowers that have gone through
 Chapter 7 U.S. Bankruptcy Code to be written down to collateral value.
 There was a corresponding approximate $600 million release in the third
 quarter of 2012 allowance for loans losses related to these charge-offs.
 2012 also includes a benefit to charge-offs of approximately $40 million
 related to finalizing the impact of the OCC guidance in the fourth quarter
 of 2012.

 (2)

2012 includes approximately
 $370 million of incremental charge-offs related to previously deferred
 principal balances on modified loans in the first quarter of 2012. The
 charge-offs were related to anticipated forgiveness of principal in
 connection with the national mortgage settlement. There was a
 corresponding approximate $350 million release in the first quarter of
 2012 allowance for loan losses related to these charge-offs.

 (3)

2012 includes reductions of
 approximately $875 million related to the sale or transfer to
 held-for-sale of various U.S. loan portfolios. 2011 includes reductions of
 approximately $1.6 billion related to the sale or transfer to
 held-for-sale of various U.S. loan portfolios, approximately $240 million
 related to the sale of the Egg Banking PLC credit card business,
 approximately $72 million related to the transfer of the Citi Belgium
 business to held-for-sale and approximately $290 million related to FX
 translation. 2010 primarily includes an addition of $13.4 billion related
 to the impact of consolidating entities in connection with Citi’s adoption
 of SFAS 166/167, partially offset by reductions of approximately $2.7
 billion related to the sale or transfer to held-for-sale of various U.S.
 loan portfolios and approximately $290 million related to the transfer of
 a U.K. first mortgage portfolio to held-for-sale. 2009 primarily includes
 reductions to the loan loss reserve of approximately $543 million related
 to securitizations, approximately $402 million related to the sale or
 transfer to held-for-sale of U.S. real estate lending loans, and $562
 million related to the transfer of the U.K. cards portfolio to
 held-for-sale. 2008 primarily includes reductions to the loan loss reserve
 of approximately $800 million related to FX translation, $102 million
 related to securitizations, $244 million for the sale of the German retail
 banking operation, and $156 million for the sale of CitiCapital, partially
 offset by additions of $106 million related to the Cuscatlán and Bank of
 Overseas Chinese acquisitions.

 (4)

December 31, 2012, December
 31, 2011 and December 31, 2010 exclude $5.3 billion, $5.3 billion and $4.4
 billion, respectively, of loans that are carried at fair
 value.

 (5)

Represents additional credit
 loss reserves for unfunded lending commitments and letters of credit
 recorded in 
Other liabilities

on the Consolidated Balance
 Sheet.

 (6)

Allowance for loan losses
 represents management’s best estimate of probable losses inherent in the
 portfolio, as well as probable losses related to large individually
 evaluated impaired loans and TDRs. See “Significant Accounting Policies
 and Significant Estimates” and Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements below. Attribution of the allowance is made for analytical
 purposes only, and the entire allowance is available to absorb probable
 credit losses inherent in the overall
portfolio.

Allowance for Loan Losses
(continued)

The following table details information on Citi’s allowance for loan losses,
loans and coverage ratios as of December 31, 2012 and 2011: 

December 31, 2012

 In billions of
dollars

Allowance for loan
 losses

Loans, net of unearned
 income

Allowance as a percentage of
 loans

 (1)

 North America 

cards
 (2)

$

7.3

$

112.0

  6.5

%

 North America

mortgages (3)

8.6

125.4

6.9

 North America 

other

1.5

22.1

6.8

 International
 cards

2.9

40.7

7.0

 International other
 (4)

2.4

108.5

2.2

 Total
 Consumer

$

22.7

$

408.7

5.6

%

 Total Corporate

2.8

246.8

1.1

 Total Citigroup

$

25.5

$

655.5

3.9

%

December 31, 2011

 In billions of
dollars

Allowance for loan losses

Loans, net of unearned income

Allowance as a percentage of
 loans

 (1)

 North America 

cards
 (2)

$

10.1

$

118.7

8.5

%

 North America

mortgages

10.0

138.9

7.3

 North America 

other

1.6

23.5

6.8

 International
 cards

2.8

40.1

7.0

 International other
 (4)

2.7

102.5

2.6

 Total
 Consumer

$

27.2

$

423.7

6.5

%

 Total Corporate

2.9

223.5

1.3

 Total Citigroup

$

30.1

$

647.2

4.7

%

 (1)     

Allowance as a percentage of
 loans excludes loans that are carried at fair value.

 (2)

Includes both Citi-branded
 cards and Citi retail services. The $7.3 billion of loan loss reserves for

North America 

cards as of December 31, 2012 represented
 approximately 18 months of coincident net credit loss
 coverage.

 (3)

Of the $8.6 billion,
 approximately $8.4 billion was allocated to 
North America 

mortgages in Citi Holdings.
Excluding the $40 million benefit related to finalizing the impact of the OCC guidance in the fourth quarter of 2012,
the $8.6 billion of loans loss reserves
 for 
North America 

mortgages as of December 31, 2012 represented
 approximately 33 months of coincident net credit loss
 coverage.

 (4)

Includes mortgages and other
 retail loans.

77

Non-Accrual Loans and Assets and
Renegotiated Loans

The following pages
include information on Citi’s “Non-Accrual Loans and Assets” and “Renegotiated
Loans.” There is a certain amount of overlap among these categories. The
following general summary provides a basic description of each
category:

Non-Accrual Loans and
Assets:

Corporate and Consumer (commercial market)
 non-accrual status 
is based on the
 determination that payment of interest or principal 
is doubtful.

Consumer non-accrual status is based on aging,
 i.e., the borrower has 
fallen behind in
 payments.

As a result of OCC guidance received in the third
 quarter of 2012, 
mortgage loans discharged
 through Chapter 7 bankruptcy are classified 
as
 non-accrual. This guidance added approximately $1.5 billion 
of Consumer loans to non-accrual status at September 30,
 2012, of 
which approximately $1.3 billion was
 current. See also Note 1 to the 
Consolidated
 Financial Statements.

North America 

Citi-branded cards and Citi retail services are not 
included as, under industry standards, credit card loans
 accrue interest 
until such loans are charged
 off, which typically occurs at 180 days 
contractual delinquency. 

Renegotiated Loans:

Both Corporate and Consumer loans whose terms have
 been modified in a 
troubled debt restructuring
 (TDR).

Includes both accrual and non-accrual TDRs.

Non-Accrual Loans and
Assets

The table below summarizes
Citigroup’s non-accrual loans as of the periods indicated. As summarized above,
non-accrual loans are loans in which the borrower has fallen behind in interest
payments or, for Corporate and Consumer (commercial market) loans, where Citi
has determined that the payment of interest or principal is doubtful and
therefore considered impaired. In situations where Citi reasonably expects that
only a portion of the principal owed will ultimately be collected, all payments
received are reflected as a reduction of principal and not as interest income.

Corporate and Consumer (commercial market) non-accrual loans may still be
current on interest payments but are considered non-accrual as Citi has
determined that the future payment of interest and/or principal is doubtful.

78

Non-Accrual Loans

 In millions of dollars

2012

2011

2010

2009

2008

 Citicorp

$

4,096

$

4,018

$

4,909

$

5,353

$

3,282

 Citi Holdings

7,433

7,050

14,498

26,387

19,015

        Total
 non-accrual loans (NAL)

$

11,529

$

11,068

$

19,407

$

31,740

$

22,297

 Corporate non-accrual loans 

(1)

 North America

$

735

$

1,246

$

2,112

$

5,621

$

2,660

 EMEA

1,131

1,293

5,337

6,308

6,330

 Latin America

128

362

701

569

229

 Asia

339

335

470

981

513

        Total
 Corporate non-accrual loans

$

2,333

$

3,236

$

8,620

$

13,479

$

9,732

        Citicorp

$

1,909

$

2,217

$

3,091

$

3,238

$

1,453

        Citi
 Holdings

424

1,019

5,529

10,241

8,279

        Total
 Corporate non-accrual loans

$

2,333

$

3,236

$

8,620

$

13,479

$

9,732

 Consumer non-accrual loans
 (1)

 North America 

(2)(3)

$

7,148

$

5,888

$

8,540

$

15,111

$

9,617

 EMEA

380

387

652

1,159

948

 Latin America

1,285

1,107

1,019

1,340

1,290

 Asia

383

450

576

651

710

        Total
 Consumer non-accrual loans (2)

$

9,196

$

7,832

$

10,787

$

18,261

$

12,565

        Citicorp

$

2,187

$

1,801

$

1,818

$

2,115

$

1,829

        Citi
 Holdings (2)

7,009

6,031

8,969

16,146

10,736

        Total
 Consumer non-accrual loans (2)

$

9,196

$

7,832

$

10,787

$

18,261

$

12,565

 (1)     

Excludes purchased
 distressed loans, as they are generally accreting interest. The carrying
 value of these loans was $538 million at December 31, 2012, $511 million
 at December 31, 2011, $469 million at December 31, 2010, $920 million at
 December 31, 2009, and $1.510 billion at December 31, 2008.

 (2)

During 2012, there was an
 increase in Consumer non-accrual loans in 
North America 

of
 approximately $1.5 billion as a result of OCC guidance issued in the third
 quarter of 2012 regarding mortgage loans where the borrower has gone
 through Chapter 7 bankruptcy. Of the $1.5 billion in non-accrual loans,
 $1.3 billion were current. Additionally, during 2012, there was an
 increase in non-accrual Consumer loans in 
North America 

during the
 first quarter of 2012 which was attributable to a $0.8 billion
 reclassification from accrual to non-accrual status of home equity loans
 where the related residential first mortgage was 90 days or more past due.
 The vast majority of these loans were current at the time of
 reclassification. The reclassification reflected regulatory guidance
 issued on January 31, 2012. The reclassification had no impact on Citi’s
 delinquency statistics or its loan loss reserves.

79

Non-Accrual Loans and Assets
(continued)

The table below summarizes
Citigroup’s other real estate owned (OREO) assets as of the periods indicated.
This represents the carrying value of all real estate property acquired by
foreclosure or other legal proceedings when Citi has taken possession of the
collateral.

 In millions of
dollars

2012

2011

2010

2009

2008

 OREO

 Citicorp

$

47

$

71

$

826

$

874

$

371

 Citi Holdings

391

480

863

615

1,022

 Corporate/Other

2

15

14

11

40

        Total
 OREO

$

440

$

566

$

1,703

$

1,500

$

1,433

 North
 America

$

299

$

441

$

1,440

$

1,294

$

1,349

 EMEA

99

73

161

121

66

 Latin
 America

40

51

47

45

16

 Asia

2

1

55

40

2

        Total
 OREO

$

440

$

566

$

1,703

$

1,500

$

1,433

 Other repossessed
 assets

$

1

$

1

$

28

$

73

$

78

 Non-accrual assets—Total
 Citigroup

2012

2011

2010

2009

2008

 Corporate non-accrual loans

$

2,333

$

3,236

$

8,620

$

13,479

$

9,732

 Consumer non-accrual loans
 (1)

9,196

7,832

10,787

18,261

12,565

        Non-accrual loans
 (NAL)

$

11,529

$

11,068

$

19,407

$

31,740

$

22,297

 OREO

440

566

1,703

1,500

1,433

 Other repossessed assets

1

1

28

73

78

        Non-accrual assets
 (NAA)

$

11,970

$

11,635

$

21,138

$

33,313

$

23,808

 NAL as a percentage of total loans

1.76

%

1.71

%

2.99

%

5.37

%

3.21

%

 NAA as a percentage of total assets

0.64

0.62

1.10

1.79

1.23

 Allowance for loan losses as a
 percentage of NAL(2)

221

272

209

114

133

 Non-accrual assets—Total
 Citicorp

2012

2011

2010

2009

2008

 Non-accrual loans (NAL)

$

4,096

$

4,018

$

4,909

$

5,353

$

3,282

 OREO

47

71

826

874

371

 Other repossessed assets

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

        Non-accrual assets
 (NAA)

$

4,143

$

4,089

$

5,735

$

6,227

$

3,653

 NAA as a percentage of total assets

0.24

%

0.25

%

0.43

%

0.53

%

0.34

%

 Allowance for loan losses as a
 percentage of NAL (2)

357

416

456

232

250

 Non-accrual assets—Total Citi
 Holdings

 Non-accrual loans (NAL) (1)

$

7,433

$

7,050

$

14,498

$

26,387

$

19,015

 OREO

391

480

863

615

1,022

 Other repossessed assets

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

N/A

        Non-accrual assets
 (NAA)

$

7,824

$

7,530

$

15,361

$

27,002

$

20,037

 NAA as a percentage of total assets

5.02

%

3.35

%

4.91

%

5.90

%

3.08

%

 Allowance for loan losses as a
 percentage of NAL(2)

146

190

126

90

113

 (1)     

During 2012, there was an increase in Consumer
 non-accrual loans in North America of approximately $1.5 billion
 as a result OCC guidance regarding mortgage loans where the borrower has
 gone through Chapter 7 bankruptcy. Additionally, during 2012, there was an
 increase in non-accrual Consumer loans in 
North America of $0.8
 billion related to a reclassification from accrual to non-accrual status
 of home equity loans where the related residential first mortgage was 90
 days or more past due. For additional information on each of these items,
 see footnote 2 to the “Non-Accrual Loans” table above.

 (2)

The allowance for loan losses includes the allowance for
 Citi’s credit card portfolios and purchased distressed loans, while the
 non-accrual loans exclude credit card balances (with the exception of
 certain international portfolios) and purchased distressed loans as these
 continue to accrue interest until charge-off.

 N/A

 Not available at the Citicorp or
 Citi Holdings level.

80

Renegotiated
Loans

The following table presents Citi’s
loans modified in TDRs.

Dec. 31,

Dec.
 31,

 In millions of dollars

2012

2011

 Corporate renegotiated loans 

(1)

 In U.S. offices

        Commercial and
 industrial (2)

 $

180

$

206

        Mortgage and real estate
 (3)

72

241

        Loans to financial
 institutions

17

85

        Other

447

546

$

716

$

1,078

 In offices outside the
 U.S.

        Commercial and
 industrial (2)

$

95

$

223

        Mortgage and real estate
 (3)

59

17

        Loans to financial
 institutions

—

12

        Other

3

6

$

157

$

258

 Total Corporate renegotiated loans

$

873

$

1,336

 Consumer renegotiated loans
 (4)(5)(6)(7)

 In U.S. offices

        Mortgage and real estate
 (8)

$

22,903

$

21,429

        Cards

3,718

5,766

 Installment and other

1,088

1,357

$

27,709

$

28,552

 In offices
 outside the U.S.

        Mortgage and real
 estate

$

932

$

936

        Cards

866

929

        Installment and
 other

904

1,342

$

2,702

$

3,207

 Total Consumer renegotiated loans

$

30,411

$

31,759

 (1)

Includes $267 million and $455
 million of non-accrual loans included in the non-accrual assets table
 above at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively. The
 remaining loans are accruing interest.

 (2)

In addition to modifications
 reflected as TDRs at December 31, 2012, Citi also modified $1 million and
 $293 million of commercial loans risk rated “Substandard Non-Performing”
 or worse (asset category defined by banking regulators) in U.S. offices
 and offices outside the U.S., respectively. These modifications were not
 considered TDRs because the modifications did not involve a concession (a
 required element of a TDR for accounting purposes).

 (3)

In addition to modifications
 reflected as TDRs at December 31, 2012, Citi also modified $7 million of
 commercial real estate loans risk rated “Substandard Non-Performing” or
 worse (asset category defined by banking regulators) in U.S. offices.
 These modifications were not considered TDRs because the modifications did
 not involve a concession (a required element of a TDR for accounting
 purposes).

 (4)

Includes $4,198 million and
 $2,269 million of non-accrual loans included in the non-accrual assets
 table above at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011, respectively. The
 remaining loans are accruing interest.

 (5)

Includes $38 million and $19
 million of commercial real estate loans at December 31, 2012 and December
 31, 2011, respectively.

 (6)

Includes $261 million and $257
 million of commercial loans at December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011,
 respectively.

 (7)

Smaller-balance homogeneous loans
 were derived from Citi’s risk management systems.

 (8)

Includes an increase
 of $1,714 million of TDRs in the third quarter of 2012 as a result of OCC
 guidance regarding mortgage loans where the borrower has gone through
 Chapter 7 bankruptcy. See footnote 2 to the “Non-Accrual Loans” table
 above.

     In certain circumstances, Citigroup modifies certain of its
Corporate loans involving a non-troubled borrower. These modifications are
subject to Citi’s normal underwriting standards for new loans and are made in
the normal course of business to match customers’ needs with available Citi
products or programs (these modifications are not included in the table above).
In other cases, loan modifications involve a troubled borrower to whom Citi may
grant a concession (modification). Modifications involving troubled borrowers
may include extension of maturity date, reduction in the stated interest rate,
rescheduling of future cash flows, principal reductions or reduction or waiver
of accrued interest or fees. See Note 16 to the Consolidated Financial
Statements for a discussion of such modifications.

Forgone Interest Revenue on Loans

(1)

In
 non-

In
 U.S.

U.S.

2012

 In millions of dollars

offices

offices

total

 Interest revenue
 that would have been accrued

        at original contractual
 rates (2)

$

3,123

$

965

$

4,088

 Amount recognized as interest revenue
(2)

1,412

388

1,800

 Forgone interest
 revenue

$

1,711

$

577

$

2,288

 (1)

Relates to Corporate
 non-accruals, renegotiated loans and Consumer loans on which accrual of
 interest has been suspended.

 (2)

Interest revenue in offices
 outside the U.S. may reflect prevailing local interest rates, including
 the effects of inflation and monetary correction in certain
 countries.

81

Loan Maturities and Fixed/Variable
Pricing Corporate Loans

Due

Over 1 year

within

but
 within

Over 5

 In millions of dollars at year end
 2012

1 year

5 years

years

Total

 Corporate loan portfolio

 maturities

 In
 U.S. offices

 Commercial and

 industrial loans

$

12,181

$

9,684

$

5,120

$

26,985

 Financial institutions

8,197

6,517

3,445

18,159

 Mortgage and real estate

11,152

8,866

4,687

24,705

        Lease
 financing

637

506

267

1,410

 Installment, revolving

 credit, other

14,647

11,644

6,155

32,446

 In offices outside the U.S.

97,709

33,686

12,490

143,885

 Total corporate
 loans

$

144,523

$

70,903

$

32,164

$

247,590

 Fixed/variable pricing of

        corporate loans
 with

        maturities due after
 one

        year 

(1)

 Loans at fixed
 interest rates

$

9,255

$

8,483

 Loans at floating or
 adjustable

 interest rates

61,648

23,681

 Total

$

70,903

$

32,164

 (1)

Based on contractual terms.
 Repricing characteristics may effectively be modified from time to time
 using derivative contracts. See Note 23 to the Consolidated Financial
 Statements.

U.S. Consumer Mortgages and Real
Estate Loans

Greater

Due

than 1 year

Greater

within

but
 within

than 5

 In millions of dollars at year end
 2012

1 year

5 years

years

Total

 U.S. Consumer mortgage

        loan
 portfolio

        First
 mortgages

$

121

$

1,352

$

88,448

$

89,921

        Second
 mortgages

1,384

18,102

16,539

36,025

 Total

$

1,505

$

19,454

$

104,987

$

125,946

 Fixed/variable pricing of

        U.S.
 Consumer

        mortgage
 loans with

        maturities
 due after one year

 Loans at fixed interest
 rates

$

1,048

$

76,410

 Loans at
 floating or adjustable

 interest rates

18,406

28,577

 Total

$

19,454

$

104,987

82

North
America

 Consumer Mortgage
Lending

Overview

Citi’s 
North America

 Consumer mortgage portfolio consists of both residential
first mortgages and home equity loans. As of December 31, 2012, Citi’s

North America

 Consumer residential first mortgage portfolio totaled $88.2 billion,
while the home equity loan portfolio was $37.2 billion. This compared to $95.4
billion and $43.5 billion of residential first mortgages and home equity loans
as of December 31, 2011, respectively. Of the first mortgages at December 31,
2012, $57.7 billion is recorded in 
LCL

 within Citi Holdings, with the
remaining $30.5 billion recorded in Citicorp. With respect to the home equity
loan portfolio, $34.1 billion is recorded in 
LCL

, and $3.1 billion is in
Citicorp.

Citi’s
residential first mortgage portfolio included $8.5 billion of loans with FHA
insurance or VA guarantees as of December 31, 2012, compared to $9.2 billion as
of December 31, 2011. This portfolio consists of loans to low-to-moderate-income
borrowers with lower FICO (Fair Isaac Corporation) scores and therefore
generally has higher loan-to-value ratios (LTVs). Credit losses on FHA loans are
borne by the sponsoring governmental agency, provided that the insurance terms
have not been rescinded as a result of an origination defect. With respect to VA
loans, the VA establishes a loan-level loss cap, beyond which Citi is liable for
loss. While FHA and VA loans have high delinquency rates, given the insurance
and guarantees, respectively, Citi has experienced negligible credit losses on
these loans.

     In addition, as of December 31, 2012,
Citi’s residential first mortgage portfolio included $1.5 billion of loans with
LTVs above 80%, compared to $1.6 billion as of December 31, 2011, most of which
are insured through mortgage insurance companies. As of December 31, 2012, the
residential first mortgage portfolio also had $1.0 billion of loans subject to
long-term standby commitments (LTSC) with U.S. government-sponsored entities
(GSEs), compared to $1.2 billion as of December 31, 2011, for which Citi has
limited exposure to credit losses. Citi’s home equity loan portfolio also
included $0.4 billion of loans subject to LTSCs with GSEs (flat to December 31,
2011) for which Citi also has limited exposure to credit losses. These
guarantees and commitments may be rescinded in the event of loan origination
defects.

Citi’s allowance for loan loss calculations takes into consideration the
impact of these guarantees and commitments.

Citi does
not offer option-adjustable rate mortgages/negative amortizing mortgage products
to its customers. As a result, option-adjustable rate mortgages/negative
amortizing mortgages represent an insignificant portion of total balances, since
they were acquired only incidentally as part of prior portfolio and business
purchases.

     As of December 31, 2012, Citi’s

North America

 residential first mortgage portfolio contained approximately $7.7
billion of adjustable rate mortgages that are currently required to make a
payment only of accrued interest for the payment period, or an interest-only
payment, compared to $8.6 billion at September 30, 2012 and $11.9 billion at
December 31, 2011. The decline quarter over quarter resulted from conversions to
amortizing loans of $471 million and repayments of $296 million, with the
remainder primarily due to foreclosures and related activities and, to a lesser
extent, asset sales. The decline year over year resulted from conversions to
amortizing loans of $2.3 billion and repayments of $1.5 billion, with the
remainder primarily due to foreclosures and related activities and, to a lesser
extent, asset sales. Borrowers who are currently required to make an
interest-only payment cannot select a lower payment that would negatively
amortize the loan. Residential first mortgages with this payment feature are
primarily to high-credit-quality borrowers who have on average significantly
higher origination and refreshed FICO scores than other loans in the residential
first mortgage portfolio, and have exhibited significantly lower 30+ delinquency
rates as compared with residential first mortgages without this payment feature.
As such, Citi does not believe the residential mortgage loans with this payment
feature represent substantially higher risk in the portfolio.

North America Consumer Mortgage
Quarterly Credit Trends—Delinquencies and Net Credit Losses—Residential First
Mortgages

The following charts detail the
quarterly trends in delinquencies and net credit losses for Citigroup’s
residential first mortgage portfolio in 
North
America

. Approximately 65% of Citi’s
residential first mortgage exposure arises from its portfolio within Citi
Holdings—
LCL

. 

83

 North America Residential First Mortgages—Citigroup

 In billions of dollars

EOP Loans: 4Q11-$95.4    3Q12-$89.7    4Q12-$88.2

 North America Residential First Mortgages—Citi
 Holdings

 In billions of
dollars

EOP Loans: 4Q11-$67.5    3Q12-$59.9    4Q12-$57.7

 (1)

The first quarter of 2012
 included approximately $315 million of incremental charge-offs related to
 previously deferred principal balances on modified loans related to
 anticipated forgiveness of principal in connection with the national
 mortgage settlement. Excluding the impact of these charge-offs, net credit
 losses would have been $0.45 billion and $0.43 billion for the Citigroup and Citi Holdings
 portfolios, respectively.

 (2)

The second quarter, third
 quarter and fourth quarter of 2012 include $43 million, $41 million and
 $62 million, respectively, of charge-offs related to Citi’s fulfillment of
 its obligations under the national mortgage settlement. Citi expects net
 credit losses in Citi Holdings to continue to be impacted by its
 fulfillment of the terms of the national mortgage settlement through the
 second quarter of 2013. See also “National Mortgage Settlement”
 below.

 (3)

The third quarter of 2012
 included approximately $181 million of charge-offs related to OCC guidance
 with respect to the treatment of mortgage loans where the borrower has
 gone through Chapter 7 bankruptcy. The fourth quarter of 2012 includes an
 approximately $10 million benefit to charge-offs related to finalizing the impact of the OCC
 guidance. Excluding these impacts, net credit losses would have been $0.47 billion
 in 3Q’12 and $0.39 billion in 4Q’12 for the Citigroup portfolio, and $0.44 billion in
 3Q’12 and $0.38 billion in 4Q’12 for the Citi Holdings
 portfolio.

84

 North America Residential First Mortgage
 Delinquencies—Citi Holdings

 In billions of
dollars

Note: For each of the tables above, past due exclude (i) U.S.
 mortgage loans that are guaranteed by U.S. government-sponsored agencies
 because the potential loss predominantly resides with the U.S. agencies,
 and (ii) loans recorded at fair value. Totals may not sum due to
 rounding.

     Management
actions, primarily asset sales and to a lesser extent modification programs,
continued to be the primary drivers of the overall improved asset performance
within Citi’s residential first mortgage portfolio in Citi Holdings during the
periods presented above (excluding the impacts to net credit losses described in
the notes to the tables above). 

     Citi sold approximately $2.1 billion of
delinquent residential first mortgages during 2012, including $0.6 billion
during the fourth quarter of 2012. Since the beginning of 2010, Citi has sold
approximately $9.6 billion of delinquent residential
mortgages. 

     In addition, Citi modified approximately
$0.9 billion and $0.3 billion of residential first mortgage loans during 2012
and in the fourth quarter of 2012, respectively, including loan modifications
pursuant to the national mortgage settlement. (For additional information on
Citi’s residential first mortgage loan modifications, see Note 16 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.) Loan modifications under the national
mortgage settlement have improved Citi’s 30+ days past due delinquencies by
approximately 

$249 million as of the end of 2012.
While re-defaults of previously modified mortgages under the HAMP and Citi
Supplemental Modification (CSM) programs continued to track favorably versus
expectations as of December 31, 2012, Citi’s residential first mortgage
portfolio continued to show some signs of the impact of re-defaults of
previously modified mortgages. 

     Citi believes that its ability to offset
increasing delinquencies or net credit losses in its residential first mortgage
portfolio, due to any deterioration of the underlying credit performance of
these loans, re-defaults, the lengthening of the foreclosure process (see
“Foreclosures” below) or otherwise, pursuant to asset sales or modifications
could be limited going forward as a result of the lower remaining inventory of
loans to sell or modify or due to lack of market demand for asset sales. Citi
has taken these trends and uncertainties, including the potential for
re-defaults, into consideration in determining its loan loss reserves. See
“

North America

 Consumer Mortgages—Loan Loss Reserve Coverage” below. 

85

North America Residential First
Mortgages—State Delinquency Trends

The
following tables set forth, for total Citigroup, the six states and/or regions
with the highest concentration of Citi’s residential first mortgages as of
December 31, 2012 and December 31, 2011.

 In billions of dollars

December 31,
 2012

December 31, 2011

%

%

ENR

90+DPD

LTV
 >

Refreshed

ENR

90+DPD

LTV >

Refreshed

 State 

(1)

ENR

 (2)

Distribution

%

100%

FICO

ENR

 (2)

Distribution

%

100%

FICO

 CA

$

21.1

28

%

2.1

%

23

%

730

$

22.6

28

%

2.7

%

38

%

727

 NY/NJ/CT

11.8

16

4.0

8

723

11.2

14

4.9

10

712

 IN/OH/MI

4.0

5

5.5

31

655

4.6

6

6.3

44

650

 FL

3.8

5

8.1

43

676

4.3

5

10.2

57

668

 IL

3.1

4

5.8

34

694

3.5

4

7.2

45

686

 AZ/NV

1.9

3

4.8

50

702

2.3

3

5.7

73

698

 Other

29.7

39

5.4

15

667

33.2

41

5.8

21

663

 Total

$

75.4

100

%

4.4

%

20

%

692

$

81.7

100

%

5.1

%

30

%

689

 Note: Totals may
 not sum due to rounding.

 (1)

Certain of the
 states are included as part of a region based on Citi’s view of similar
 home prices (HPI) within the region.

 (2)

Ending net
 receivables. Excludes loans in Canada and Puerto Rico, loans guaranteed by
 U.S. government agencies, loans recorded at fair value and loans subject
 to LTSCs. Excludes balances for which FICO or LTV data are
 unavailable.

     As evidenced by
the table above, Citi’s residential first mortgages portfolio is primarily
concentrated in California and the New York/New Jersey/Connecticut region (with
New York as the largest of the three states). The improvement in refreshed LTV
percentages at December 31, 2012 was primarily the result of improvements in HPI
across substantially all metropolitan statistical areas, thereby increasing
values used in the determination of LTV. Additionally, asset sales of higher LTV
loans during 2012 further reduced the amount of loans with greater than 100%
LTV. To a lesser extent, modification programs involving principal forgiveness
further reduced the loans in this category during the year. With the continued
lengthening of the foreclosure process (see discussion under “Foreclosures”
below) in all of these states and regions during 2012, Citi expects it could
experience less improvement in the 90+ days past due delinquency rate in certain
of these states and/or regions in the future.

Foreclosures

The substantial majority of Citi’s foreclosure inventory
consists of residential first mortgages. As of December 31, 2012, approximately
2.0% of Citi’s residential first mortgage portfolio was in Citi’s foreclosure
inventory (based on the dollar amount of loans in foreclosure inventory as of
such date, excluding loans that are guaranteed by U.S. government agencies and
loans subject to LTSCs), compared to 2.1% as of September 30, 2012 and 2.4% as
of December 31, 2011. 

The decline in Citi’s foreclosure inventory year-over-year and
quarter-over-quarter was due to fewer loans moving into the foreclosure
inventory. This was due to several factors, including delays associated with
initiating foreclosures due to increased state requirements for foreclosure
filings (e.g., extensive documentation, processing and filing requirements as
well as additional abilities for states to place holds on foreclosures), Citi’s
continued asset sales of delinquent first mortgages and Citi’s continued efforts
to work with borrowers pursuant to its loan modification programs, including
under the national mortgage settlement. 

     The foreclosure process
remains stagnant across most states, driven primarily by the additional state
requirements necessary to complete foreclosures referenced above as well as the
continued lengthening of the foreclosure process. Citi continues to experience
average timeframes to foreclosure that are two to three times longer than
historical norms, although some improvement occurred in average timeframes in
certain non-judicial states (see below) in the fourth quarter of 2012. Extended
foreclosure timelines and the low number of loans moving into the foreclosure
inventory resulted in Citi’s aged foreclosure inventory (active foreclosures in
process for two years or more) increasing to approximately 29% of Citi’s total
foreclosure inventory as of December 31, 2012 (compared to 20% at September 30,
2012 and 10% at December 31, 2011). Extended foreclosure timelines continue to
be more pronounced in the judicial states (i.e., states that require
foreclosures to be processed via court approval), where Citi has a higher
concentration of residential first mortgages in foreclosure (see
“

North America

 Residential First Mortgages—State Delinquency Trends” above).

86

     Moreover, Citi’s
servicing agreements associated with its sales of mortgage loans to the GSEs
generally provide the GSEs with a high level of servicing oversight, including,
among other things, timelines in which foreclosures or modification activities
are to be completed. The agreements allow for the GSEs to take action against a
servicer for violation of the timelines, which includes imposing compensatory
fees. While the GSEs have not historically exercised their rights to impose
compensatory fees, they have begun to do so on a regular basis. To date, the
imposition of compensatory fees, as a result of the extended foreclosure
timelines or otherwise, has not had a material impact on Citi.

North America Consumer Mortgage
Quarterly Credit Trends—Delinquencies and Net Credit Losses—Home Equity
Loans

Citi’s home equity loan portfolio
consists of both fixed-rate home equity loans and loans extended under home
equity lines of credit. Fixed-rate home equity loans are fully amortizing. Home
equity lines of credit allow for amounts to be drawn for a period of time with
the payment of interest only and then, at the end of the draw period, the
then-outstanding amount is converted to an amortizing loan (the interest-only
payment feature during the revolving period is standard for this product across
the industry). Prior to June 2010, Citi’s originations of home equity lines of
credit typically had a 10-year draw period. Beginning in June 2010, Citi’s
originations of home equity lines of credit typically have a five-year draw
period as Citi changed these terms to mitigate risk. After conversion, the home
equity loans typically have a 20-year amortization period.

     As of December
31, 2012, Citi’s home equity loan portfolio of $37.2 billion included
approximately $22.0 billion of home equity lines of credit that are still within
their revolving period and have not commenced amortization, or “reset.” During
the period 2009–2012, approximately only 3% of Citi’s home equity loan portfolio
commenced amortization; approximately 75% of Citi’s home equity loans extended
under lines of credit as of December 31, 2012 will contractually begin to
amortize during the period 2015–2017. Based on this limited sample of home
equity loans that has begun amortization, Citi has experienced marginally higher
delinquency rates in its amortizing 

home equity loan portfolio as compared to
its non-amortizing loan portfolio. However, these resets have occurred during a
period of declining interest rates, which Citi believes has likely reduced the
overall “payment shock” to the borrower. Citi will continue to monitor this
reset risk closely, particularly as it approaches 2015, and Citi will continue
to consider the impact in determining its allowance for loan loss reserves
accordingly. In addition, management is reviewing additional actions to offset
potential reset risk, such as extending offers to non-amortizing home equity
loan borrowers to convert the non-amortizing home equity loan to a fixed-rate
loan. 

     As of December 31, 2012, the percentage
of U.S. home equity loans in a junior lien position where Citi also owned or
serviced the first lien was approximately 30%. However, for all home equity
loans (regardless of whether Citi owns or services the first lien), Citi manages
its home equity loan account strategy through obtaining and reviewing refreshed
credit bureau scores (which reflect the borrower’s performance on all of its
debts, including a first lien, if any), refreshed LTV ratios and other borrower
credit-related information. Historically, the default and delinquency statistics
for junior liens where Citi also owns or services the first lien have been
better than for those where Citi does not own or service the first lien. Citi
believes this is generally attributable to origination channels and better
credit characteristics of the portfolio, including FICO and LTV, for those
junior liens where Citi also owns or services the first
lien.

87

     The following
charts detail the quarterly trends in delinquencies and net credit losses for
Citi’s home equity loan portfolio in 
North
America

. The vast majority of Citi’s home
equity loan exposure arises from its portfolio within Citi
Holdings—
LCL

. 

 North America Home Equity Loans—Citigroup

 In billions of
dollars

EOP Loans: 4Q11-$43.5    3Q12-$38.6    4Q12-$37.2

 North America Home Equity Loans—Citi
 Holdings

 In billions of
dollars

EOP Loans: 4Q11-$40.0    3Q12-$35.4    4Q12-$34.1

 S&P/Case

Shiller Home Price Index

(3)

 (3.8)%

(4.9)%

(5.4)%

(3.5)%

(3.7)%

(1.3)%

1.6%

3.6%

n/a

 (1)

The first
 quarter of 2012 included approximately $55 million of charge-offs related
 to previously deferred principal balances on modified loans related to
 anticipated forgiveness of principal in connection with the national
 mortgage settlement. Excluding the impact of these charge-offs, net credit
 losses would have been $0.51 billion and $0.50 billion for the Citigroup
 and Citi Holdings portfolios, respectively.

 (2)

The third
 quarter of 2012 included approximately $454 million of charge-offs related
 to OCC guidance with respect to the treatment of mortgage loans where the
 borrower has gone through Chapter 7 bankruptcy. The fourth quarter of 2012
 includes an approximately $30 million benefit to charge-offs related to
 finalizing the impact of the OCC guidance. Excluding these impacts, net
 credit losses would have been $0.43 billion in 3Q’12 and $0.39 billion in
 4Q’12 for the Citigroup portfolio, and $0.41 billion in 3Q’12 and $0.38
 billion in 4Q’12 for the Citi Holdings portfolio.

 (3)

Year-over-year
 change in the S&P/Case-Shiller U.S. National Home Price
 Index.

88

 North America Home Equity Loan
 Delinquencies—Citi Holdings

 In billions of
dollars

Note: For each of the tables above, days past due exclude (i) U.S. mortgage loans that are guaranteed
by U.S. government-sponsored agencies, because the potential loss predominantly
resides with the U.S. agencies, and (ii) loans recorded at fair value. Totals
may not sum due to rounding.

     As evidenced by
the tables above, home equity loan delinquencies improved during 2012, although
the rate of improvement has slowed. Given the lack of a market in which to sell
delinquent home equity loans, as well as the relatively smaller number of home
equity loan modifications and modification programs (see Note 16 to the
Consolidated Financial Statements), Citi’s ability to offset increased
delinquencies and net credit losses in its home equity loan portfolio in Citi
Holdings, whether pursuant 

to deterioration of the underlying credit
performance of these loans or otherwise, is more limited as compared to
residential first mortgages as discussed above. Accordingly, Citi could begin to
experience increased delinquencies and thus increased net credit losses in this
portfolio going forward. Citi has taken these trends and uncertainties into
consideration in determining its loan loss reserves. See “
North America 

Consumer
Mortgages—Loan Loss Reserve Coverage” below.

North America Home Equity Loans—State
Delinquency Trends

The following tables
set forth, for total Citigroup, the six states and/or regions with the highest
concentration of Citi’s home equity loans as of December 31, 2012 and December
31, 2011.

 In billions of dollars

December 31, 2012

December 31, 2011

%

%

ENR

90+DPD

CLTV >

Refreshed

ENR

90+DPD

CLTV >

Refreshed

 State 

(1)

ENR

 (2)

Distribution

%

100%

 (3)

FICO

ENR

 (2)

Distribution

%

100%

 (3)

FICO

 CA

$

9.7

28

%

2.0

%

40

%

723

$

11.2

27

%

2.3

%

50

%

721

 NY/NJ/CT

8.2

23

2.3

20

715

9.2

22

2.1

19

715

 FL

2.4

7

3.4

58

698

2.8

7

3.3

69

698

 IL

1.4

4

2.1

55

708

1.6

4

2.3

62

705

 IN/OH/MI

1.2

3

2.2

55

679

1.5

4

2.6

66

678

 AZ/NV

0.8

2

3.1

70

709

1.0

3

4.1

83

706

 Other

11.5

33

2.2

37

695

13.7

33

2.3

46

695

 Total

$

35.2

100

%

2.3

%

37

%

704

$

41.0

100

%

2.4

%

45

%

707

 Note: Totals may
 not sum due to rounding.

 (1)

Certain of the
 states are included as part of a region based on Citi’s view of similar
 home prices (HPI) within the region.

 (2)

Ending net
 receivables. Excludes loans in Canada and Puerto Rico and loans subject to
 LTSCs. Excludes balances for which FICO or LTV data are
 unavailable.

 (3)

Represents
 combined loan-to-value (CLTV) for both residential first mortgages and
 home equity loans.

89

     Similar to
residential first mortgages discussed above, the general improvement in
refreshed CLTV percentages at December 31, 2012 was primarily the result of
improvements in HPI across substantially all metropolitan statistical areas,
thereby increasing values used in the determination of CLTV. For the reasons
described under “
North America

 Consumer Mortgage Quarterly Credit Trends—Delinquencies and
Net Credit Losses—Home Equity Loans” above, Citi has experienced, and could
continue to experience, increased delinquencies and thus increased net credit
losses in certain of these states and/or regions going forward.

National Mortgage Settlement

Under the national mortgage settlement,
entered into by Citi and other financial institutions in February 2012, Citi is
required to provide (i) customer relief in the form of loan modifications for
delinquent borrowers, including principal reductions, and other loss mitigation
activities to be completed over three years, with a required settlement value of
$1.4 billion; and (ii) refinancing concessions to enable current borrowers whose