.

 Current and potential stockholders should consider carefully the
 described below. Any of these factors, or others,
 many of which are beyond our control, could negatively affect
 our revenue, profitability and cash flow.

 Our
 operating results and revenue are subject to fluctuations caused
 by many economic factors associated with our industry and the
 markets for our products which, in turn, may individually and
 collectively affect our revenue, profitability and cash flow in
 adverse and unpredictable ways.

 Quarterly and annual results of operations are affected by a
 number of factors, associated with our industry and the markets
 for our products, including those listed below, which in turn
 could adversely affect our revenue, profitability and cash flow
 in the future.

 • 

 Timing and impact of threat outbreaks (e.g. worms
 and viruses);

 • 

 The rate of adoption of new product technologies and releases of
 new operating systems;

 • 

 Demand for products and services;

 • 

 Length of sales cycle;

 • 

 Customer difficulty in implementation of our products;

 14

Table of Contents

 • 

 Magnitude of price and product
 and/or
 services competition;

 • 

 Introduction of new hardware;

 • 

 General economic conditions in countries in which customers do a
 substantial amount of business;

 • 

 Changes in customer budgets for hardware, software and services;

 • 

 Ability to develop and introduce new or enhanced versions of our
 products;

 • 

 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates;

 • 

 Ability to control costs;

 • 

 The number and terms and conditions of licensing transactions;

 • 

 Reorganizations of the sales and technical services forces;

 • 

 The results of litigation, including the government and internal
 investigations; and

 • 

 Ability to retain and attract qualified personnel.

 Any of the foregoing factors, among others, may cause our
 operating expenses to be disproportionately high, or cause our
 revenue and operating results to fluctuate. As a consequence,
 our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
 flow could be adversely affected. For a discussion of certain
 factors that could affect our cash flow in the future, for
 example, please see Item 7, “Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations — Liquidity and Capital
 Resources — Sources and Uses of Cash.”

 The
 timing of orders from customers and channel partners may cause
 fluctuations in some of our key financial metrics which may
 impact our quarterly financial results and stock
 price.

 Historically, the vast majority of our license agreements are
 executed in the last week of a quarter. Any failure or delay in
 executing new or renewed license agreements in a given quarter
 could cause fluctuations in some of our key financial metrics
 (i.e. billings or cash flow), which may have a material adverse
 effect on our quarterly financial results. The uneven sales
 pattern also makes it difficult to predict future billings and
 cash flow for each period and, accordingly, increases the risk
 of unanticipated variations in our quarterly results and
 financial condition. If we do not achieve our forecasted results
 for a particular period, our stock price could decline
 significantly.

 Given the
 global nature of our business, economic or political events
 beyond our control can affect our business in unpredictable
 ways.

 International revenue has historically represented a significant
 percentage of our total worldwide revenue. Continued success in
 selling our products outside the United States will depend on a
 variety of market and business factors, including:

 • 

 Reorganizations of the sales and technical services workforce;

 • 

 Fluctuations in foreign exchange currency rates;

 • 

 Staffing key managerial positions;

 • 

 The ability to successfully localize software products for a
 significant number of international markets;

 • 

 General economic conditions in foreign countries;

 • 

 Political stability; and

 • 

 Trade restrictions such as tariffs, duties or other controls
 affecting foreign operations.

 Any of the foregoing factors, among others, could adversely
 affect our business, financial condition, operating results and
 cash flow.

 15

Table of Contents

 We have
 entered into a Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA) with the
 U.S. Attorney’s Office for the Eastern District of New
 York (USAO) and a Final Consent Judgment with the SEC (the
 Consent Judgment) and if we violate either agreement we may be
 subject to, among other things, criminal prosecution or civil
 penalties which could adversely affect our credit ratings, stock
 price, ability to attract or retain employees and, therefore,
 our sales, revenue and client base.

 Our agreements with the USAO and the SEC resolve their
 investigations into certain of our past accounting practices,
 including our revenue recognition policies and procedures, and
 obstruction of their investigations, provided we comply with
 certain continuing requirements under these agreements. We
 describe some of these requirements below. (For more information
 about our agreements with the USAO and the SEC, see Note 7,
 “Commitments and Contingencies”, in the Notes to the
 Consolidated Financial Statements as well as our Current Report
 on
 Form 8-K
 filed on September 22, 2004.)

 The
 DPA

 If it is determined that we: deliberately gave false, incomplete
 or misleading information pursuant to the DPA; have committed
 any federal crimes subsequent to the DPA; or otherwise
 knowingly, intentionally and materially violated any provision
 of the DPA, we will be subject to prosecution for any federal
 criminal violation of which the USAO has knowledge. Any such
 prosecution may be based on information we have provided to the
 USAO, the SEC and other governmental agencies in connection with
 our cooperation under the DPA. This would include information
 provided because of our entry into the DPA that otherwise may
 not have been available to the USAO or may otherwise have been
 subject to privilege. Our continued cooperation with the USAO,
 the SEC and the Independent Examiner (see below) pursuant to the
 DPA and Consent Judgment may lead to the discovery of additional
 information regarding the conduct of the Company, including the
 conduct of members of former management in prior periods. We
 cannot predict the impact, if any, of any such information on
 our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flow.

 The
 Consent Judgment

 Pursuant to the Consent Judgment, we are enjoined from violating
 a number of provisions of the federal securities laws. Any
 further violation of these laws could result in civil remedies,
 including sanctions, fines and penalties, which may be far more
 severe than if the violation had occurred without the Consent
 Judgment being in place. Additionally, if we breach the terms of
 the Consent Judgment, the SEC may petition the Court to vacate
 the Consent Judgment and restore the SEC’s original action
 to the active docket for all purposes. If the action were
 restored, the SEC could use information in the action that we
 have provided to the USAO, the SEC and other governmental
 agencies in connection with our cooperation under the Consent
 Judgment. This would include information provided because of our
 entry into the Consent Judgment that otherwise may not have been
 available to the SEC or may otherwise have been subject to
 privilege.

 General

 Under both the DPA and the Consent Judgment, we are obligated to
 undertake a number of internal reforms including but not limited
 to: adding new management and independent directors;
 establishing a Compliance Committee of the Board of Directors
 and an executive disclosure committee; establishing new
 comprehensive records management policies; taking steps to
 implement best practices regarding recognition of software
 license revenue; establishing a comprehensive compliance and
 ethics program; reorganizing our Finance and Internal Audit
 Departments; establishing a plan to improve communication with
 government agencies engaged in inquiries or investigations
 relating to the Company; enhancing our hotline for employees to
 report potential violations of the law or other misconduct; and
 agreeing to the appointment of an Independent Examiner, who is
 serving a term of 18 months (subject to extension by the
 USAO and the SEC) and is examining our practices and began
 issuing reports on such practices to the USAO, the SEC and our
 Board of Directors beginning in September 2005 and has and will
 continue to do so quarterly thereafter (for more information
 about the Independent Examiner and the potential extension of
 this term, see Item 7, “Management’s Discussion
 and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operation — Significant Business Events”). We
 have taken many steps to carry out these internal reforms (for
 more information about our reforms, see Note 7,
 “Commitments and Contingencies”, in the Notes to the
 Consolidated

 16

Table of Contents

 Financial Statements). In the short-term, we cannot gauge what
 impact, if any, the adoption of these reforms (including the
 reports of the Independent Examiner) may have on our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flow or any
 diversion of management attention and employee resources from
 core business functions or opportunities that may result.

 If it were determined that we breached the terms of the DPA or
 the Consent Judgment, we cannot predict the scope, timing or
 outcome of the actions that would be taken by the USAO or the
 SEC. These actions could include the institution of
 administrative, civil injunctive or criminal proceedings, the
 imposition of fines and penalties, which may be significant,
 suspensions or debarments from government product
 and/or
 services contracts, and other remedies and sanctions, any of
 which could lead to an adverse impact on our credit ratings and
 ability to obtain financing, an adverse impact on our stock
 price, loss of additional senior management, the inability to
 attract or retain key employees and the loss of customers. In
 addition, our employees could potentially commit illegal acts
 which, under the law, may be ascribed to us under certain
 circumstances. We cannot predict what impact, if any, these
 matters may have on our business, financial condition, results
 of operations and cash flow.

 Moreover, under both the DPA and the Consent Judgment, we are
 obligated to cooperate with the government in its ongoing
 investigations of past conduct. While we do not anticipate any
 further material adjustments to our financial statements for
 completed periods arising from those investigations, the
 processes described above have not been fully completed and we
 may be required to take additional remedial measures.

 Changes
 to compensation of our sales organization could adversely affect
 our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
 flow.

 We may update our compensation plans for the sales organization
 from time to time in order to align the sales force with the
 Company’s economic interests. Under the terms of the sales
 compensation agreements, management seeks to retain broad
 discretion to change or modify various aspects of the plan such
 as quotas or territory assignments. The ability to exercise this
 discretion is governed by the laws of numerous countries and
 states within the U.S. in which CA operates. Where CA does
 exercise such discretion, the changes may lead to outcomes that
 are not anticipated or intended and may impact our cost of doing
 business
 and/or
 employee morale, all of which could adversely affect our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.
 We modified our commission plans for fiscal year 2006 which led
 to substantial unforeseen expenses. The commission plans for
 fiscal year 2007, while revised, continue to be reviewed and may
 be subject to risks similar to those identified above. See
 Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations”, for how
 changes made to the commission plan for fiscal year 2006
 impacted results. Refer to Item 9A, “Controls and
 Procedures”, for additional information relating to the
 Company’s identification of a material weakness associated
 with sales commissions for fiscal year 2006.

 Failure
 to expand our channel partner programs related to the sale of CA
 solutions may result in lost sales opportunities, increases in
 expenses and weakening in our competitive position.

 We sell CA solutions through system integrators and value-added
 resellers in channel partner programs that require training and
 expertise to sell these solutions, and global penetration to
 grow these aspects of our business. The failure to expand these
 channel partner programs and penetrate these markets may
 adversely impact our success with channel partners, resulting in
 lost sales opportunities and an increase in expenses, as well as
 weaken our competitive position.

 If we do
 not adequately manage and evolve our financial reporting and
 managerial systems and processes, including the successful
 implementation of our enterprise resource planning software from
 SAP AG, our ability to manage and grow our business may be
 harmed.

 Our ability to successfully implement our business plan and
 comply with regulations requires effective planning and
 management systems and processes. We will need to continue to
 improve existing and implement new operational and financial
 systems, procedures and controls to manage our business
 effectively in the future. As a result, we have licensed
 enterprise resource planning (ERP) software from SAP AG and have
 begun a process to expand and upgrade our operational and
 financial systems. Phase one of the implementation was completed
 in April 2006 and

 17

Table of Contents

 included operating activities in North America and worldwide
 human resources. Any delay in the implementation of, or
 disruption in the transition to, our new or enhanced systems,
 procedures or internal controls, could adversely affect our
 ability to accurately forecast sales demand, manage our supply
 chain, achieve accuracy in the conversion of electronic data and
 records, and report financial and management information,
 including the filing of our quarterly or annual reports with the
 SEC, on a timely and accurate basis. As a result of the
 conversion from prior systems and processes, data integrity
 problems may be discovered that if not corrected could impact
 our business or financial results. In addition, as we add
 functionality to the ERP software and complete implementations
 in other geographic regions, new issues could arise that we have
 not foreseen. Such issues could adversely affect our ability to
 do, among other things, the following in a timely manner:
 provide quotes; take customer orders; ship products; provide
 services and support to our customers; bill and track our
 customers; fulfill contractual obligations; and otherwise run
 our business. Failure to properly or adequately address these
 issues could result in the diversion of management’s
 attention and resources, impact our ability to manage our
 business and negatively impact our results of operations, cash
 flows and stock price.

 We may encounter difficulties in successfully integrating
 companies and products that we have acquired or may acquire into
 our existing business and, therefore, such failed integration
 may adversely affect our infrastructure, market presence,
 results of operations and stock price.

 We have in the past and expect in the future to acquire
 complementary companies, products, services and technologies.
 The risks we may encounter include: we may find that the
 acquired company or assets do not further improve our financial
 and strategic position as planned; we may have difficulty
 integrating the operations, personnel and commission plans of
 the acquired business; we may have difficulty forecasting or
 reporting results subsequent to acquisitions; we may have
 difficulty retaining the technical skills needed to provide
 services on the acquired products; we may have difficulty
 incorporating the acquired technologies or products with our
 existing product lines; we may have product liability, customer
 liability or intellectual property liability associated with the
 sale of the acquired company’s products; our ongoing
 business may be disrupted by transition or integration issues;
 our management’s attention may be diverted from other
 business concerns; we may be unable to obtain timely approvals
 from governmental authorities under applicable competition and
 antitrust laws; we may have difficulty maintaining uniform
 standards, controls, procedures and policies; our relationships
 with current and new employees, customers and distributors could
 be impaired; the acquisition may result in increased litigation
 risk, including litigation from terminated employees or third
 parties; and our due diligence process may fail to identify
 significant issues with the target company’s product
 quality, financial disclosures, accounting practices, internal
 control deficiencies, including material weaknesses, product
 architecture, legal contingencies and other matters. These
 factors could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 results of operations, financial condition or cash flows,
 particularly in the case of a large acquisition or number of
 acquisitions. To the extent we issue shares of stock or other
 rights to purchase stock, including options, to pay for
 acquisitions, existing stockholders’ interests may be
 diluted and earnings per share may decrease.

 We are subject to intense competition in product and service
 offerings and pricing, and we expect to face increased
 competition in the future, which could hinder our ability to
 attract and retain employees and diminish demand for our
 products and, therefore, reduce our sales, revenue and market
 presence.

 The markets for our products are intensely competitive, and we
 expect product and service offerings and pricing competition to
 increase. Some of our competitors have longer operating
 histories, greater name recognition, a larger installed base of
 customers in any particular market niche, larger technical
 staffs, established relationships with hardware vendors
 and/or
 greater financial, technical and marketing resources.
 Competitors for our various products include large technology
 companies. We also face competition from numerous smaller
 companies that specialize in specific aspects of the highly
 fragmented software industry and shareware authors that may
 develop competing products. In addition, new companies enter the
 market on a frequent and regular basis, offering products that
 compete with those offered by us. Moreover, many customers
 historically have developed their own products that compete with
 those offered by us. The competition may affect our ability to
 attract and retain the technical skills needed to provide
 services to our customers, forcing us to become more reliant on
 delivery of services through third parties. This, in turn, could
 increase operating costs and decrease our revenue, profitability
 and cash flow.

 18

Table of Contents

 Additionally, competition from any of these sources can result
 in price reductions or displacement of our products, which could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Our competitors include large vendors of hardware or operating
 system software. The widespread inclusion of products that
 perform the same or similar functions as our products bundled
 within computer hardware or other companies’ software
 products could reduce the perceived need for our products and
 services, or render our products obsolete and unmarketable.
 Furthermore, even if these incorporated products are inferior or
 more limited than our products, customers may elect to accept
 the incorporated products rather than purchase our products. In
 addition, the software industry is currently undergoing
 consolidation as software companies seek to offer more extensive
 suites and broader arrays of software products, as well as
 integrated software and hardware solutions. This consolidation
 may negatively impact our competitive position, which could
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
 results and cash flow. Refer to Item 1,
 “Business — (c) Narrative Description of the
 Business — Competition”, for additional
 information.

 Failure to adapt to technological change in a timely manner
 could adversely affect our revenues and earnings.

 If we fail to keep pace with technological change in our
 industry, such failure would have an adverse effect on our
 revenues and earnings. We operate in a highly competitive
 industry characterized by rapid technological change, evolving
 industry standards, changes in customer requirements and
 frequent new product introductions and enhancements. During the
 past several years, many new technological advancements and
 competing products entered the marketplace. The distributed
 systems and application management markets in which we operate
 are far more crowded and competitive than our traditional
 mainframe systems management markets. Our ability to compete
 effectively and our growth prospects depend upon many factors,
 including the success of our existing distributed systems
 products, the timely introduction and success of future software
 products, and the ability of our products to interoperate and
 perform well with existing and future leading databases and
 other platforms supported by our products. We have experienced
 long development cycles and product delays in the past,
 particularly with some of our distributed systems products, and
 expect to have delays in the future. In addition, we have
 incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant research
 and development costs, as we introduce new products. If there
 are delays in new product introductions or
 less-than-anticipated
 market acceptance of these new products, we will have invested
 substantial resources without realizing adequate revenues in
 return, and our revenues and earnings could be adversely
 affected.

 If our products do not remain compatible with ever-changing
 operating environments we could lose customers and the demand
 for our products and services could decrease, which would
 negatively impact sales and revenue.

 IBM, HP, Sun Microsystems, EMC and Microsoft are the largest
 suppliers of systems and computing software and, in most cases,
 are the manufacturers of the computer hardware systems used by
 most of our customers. Historically, these operating system
 developers have modified or introduced new operating systems,
 systems software and computer hardware. Such new products could,
 in the future, incorporate features that perform functions
 currently performed by our products, or could require
 substantial modification of our products to maintain
 compatibility with these companies’ hardware or software.
 Although we have to date been able to adapt our products and our
 business to changes introduced by hardware manufacturers and
 system software developers, there can be no assurance that we
 will be able to do so in the future. Failure to adapt our
 products in a timely manner to such changes or customer
 decisions to forego the use of our products in favor of those
 with comparable functionality contained either in the hardware
 or operating system could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Certain software that we use in daily operations is licensed
 from third parties and thus may not be available to us in the
 future, which has the potential to delay product development and
 production and, therefore, could adversely affect our revenues
 and profits.

 Some of our products contain software licensed from third
 parties. Some of these licenses may not be available to us in
 the future on terms that are acceptable to us or allow our
 products to remain competitive. The loss of these licenses or
 the inability to maintain any of them on commercially acceptable
 terms could delay development of

 19

Table of Contents

 future products or the enhancement of existing products. We may
 also choose to pay a premium price for such a license in certain
 circumstances where continuity of the product would outweigh the
 premium cost of the license. We do not consider the revenue from
 products using software licensed from third parties to be
 material. However, there can be no assurance that, at a given
 point of time, any of the above will not have an adverse impact
 on our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
 flow.

 Certain
 software we use is from open source code sources which under
 certain circumstances may lead to increased costs and,
 therefore, decreased cash flow.

 Some of our products contain software from open source code
 sources. The use of such open source code may subject us to
 certain conditions, including the obligation to offer our
 products that use open source code for no cost. We monitor our
 use of such open source code to avoid subjecting our products to
 conditions we do not intend. However, the use of such open
 source code may ultimately subject some of our products to
 unintended conditions so that we are required to take remedial
 action that may divert resources away from our development
 efforts. We believe that the use of such open source code will
 not have a significant impact on our operations and that our
 products will be viable after any remediation efforts. However,
 there can be no assurance that future conditions involving such
 open source code will not have an adverse impact on our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Discovery
 of errors in our software could adversely affect our revenues
 and earnings and subject us to product liability claims, which
 may be costly and time consuming.

 The software products we offer are inherently complex. Despite
 testing and quality control, we cannot be certain that errors
 will not be found in current versions, new versions or
 enhancements of our products after commencement of commercial
 shipments. If new or existing customers have difficulty
 deploying our products or require significant amounts of
 customer support, our operating margins could be adversely
 affected. Moreover, we could face possible claims and higher
 development costs if our software contains undetected errors or
 if we fail to meet our customers’ expectations. Significant
 technical challenges also arise with our products because our
 customers purchase and deploy our products across a variety of
 computer platforms and integrate them with a number of
 third-party software applications and databases. These
 combinations increase our risk further because in the event of a
 system-wide failure, it may be difficult to determine which
 product is at fault; thus, we may be harmed by the failure of
 another supplier’s products. As a result of the foregoing,
 we could experience:

 • 

 Loss of or delay in revenues and loss of market share;

 • 

 Loss of customers, including the inability to do repeat business
 with existing key customers;

 • 

 Damage to our reputation;

 • 

 Failure to achieve market acceptance;

 • 

 Diversion of development resources;

 • 

 Increased service and warranty costs;

 • 

 Legal actions by customers against us which could, whether or
 not successful, increase costs and distract our management;

 • 

 Increased insurance costs; and

 • 

 Failure to successfully complete service engagements for product
 installations and implementations.

 In addition, a product liability claim, whether or not
 successful, could be time-consuming and costly and thus could
 have a material adverse affect on our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

 20

Table of Contents

 Our
 credit ratings have been downgraded and could be downgraded
 further which would require us to pay additional interest under
 our credit agreement and could adversely affect our ability to
 borrow in the future.

 Subsequent to the announcement of our delayed filing of the
 Form 10-K
 beyond its extended due date of June 29, 2006 and our
 $2 billion stock buy back program, Moody’s Investor
 Service (Moody’s) placed the Ba1 ratings of our senior
 unsecured notes under review for possible downgrade, Standard
 and Poor’s (S&P) lowered its ratings to BB and placed
 our senior unsecured notes on CreditWatch with negative
 implications, and Fitch Ratings (Fitch) downgraded our rating to
 BB+ with negative outlook.

 Moody’s, S&P, Fitch or any other credit rating agency
 may further downgrade or take other negative action with respect
 to our credit ratings in the future. If our credit ratings are
 further downgraded or other negative action is taken, we would
 be required to, among other things, pay additional interest
 under our credit agreement, if it is utilized. Any downgrades
 could affect our ability to obtain additional financing in the
 future and may affect the terms of any such financing. This
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

 We have a
 significant amount of debt and failure to generate sufficient
 cash as our debt becomes due or to renew credit lines prior to
 their expiration may adversely affect our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

 As of March 31, 2006, we had approximately
 $1.81 billion of debt outstanding, consisting of unsecured
 fixed-rate senior note obligations and convertible senior notes.
 Refer to Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations — Contractual Obligations and
 Commitments”, for the payment schedule of our long-term
 debt obligations, inclusive of interest. We expect that existing
 cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash provided
 from operations and our bank credit facilities will be
 sufficient to meet ongoing cash requirements. However, failure
 to generate sufficient cash as our debt becomes due or to renew
 credit lines prior to their expiration may adversely affect our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Failure
 to protect our intellectual property rights would weaken our
 competitive position.

 Our future success is highly dependent upon our proprietary
 technology, including our software. Failure to protect such
 technology could lead to our loss of valuable assets and
 competitive advantage. We protect our proprietary information
 through the use of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secret
 laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions.
 Notwithstanding our efforts to protect our proprietary rights,
 policing unauthorized use or copying of our proprietary
 information is difficult. Unauthorized use or copying occurs
 from time to time and litigation to enforce intellectual
 property rights could result in significant costs and diversion
 of resources. Moreover, the laws of some foreign jurisdictions
 do not afford the same degree of protection to our proprietary
 rights as do the laws of the United States. For example, we rely
 on “shrink-wrap” or “click-on” licenses
 which may be unenforceable in whole or in part in some
 jurisdictions in which we operate. In addition, patents we have
 obtained may be circumvented, challenged, invalidated or
 designed around by other companies. If we do not adequately
 protect our intellectual property for these or other reasons our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow
 could be adversely affected. Refer to “Item 1,
 Business — (c) Narrative Description of the
 Business — Technological Expertise”, for
 additional information.

 We may
 become dependent upon large transactions and the failure to
 close such transactions could adversely affect our business,
 financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 We have historically been dependent upon large-dollar enterprise
 transactions with individual customers. As a result of the
 flexibility afforded by our business model, we anticipate that
 there will be fewer of these transactions in the future. There
 can be no assurances, however, that we will not be reliant on
 large-dollar enterprise transactions in the future, and the
 failure to close such transactions could adversely affect our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 21

Table of Contents

 Our
 customers’ data centers and IT environments may be subject
 to hacking or other breaches, harming the market perception of
 the effectiveness of our products.

 If an actual or perceived breach of our customers’ network
 security occurs, allowing access to our customers’ data
 centers or other parts of their IT environments, regardless of
 whether the breach is attributable to our products, the market
 perception of the effectiveness of our products could be harmed.
 Because the techniques used by computer hackers to access or
 sabotage networks change frequently and may not be recognized
 until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate
 these techniques. Alleviating any of these problems could
 require significant expenditures of our capital and diversion of
 our resources from development efforts. Additionally, these
 efforts could cause interruptions, delays or cessation of our
 product licensing, or modification of our software, which could
 cause us to lose existing or potential customers, adversely
 affecting our business, financial condition, operating results
 and cash flow.

 Our
 software products, data centers and IT environments may be
 subject to hacking or other breaches, harming the market
 perception of the effectiveness of our products.

 Although we believe we have sufficient controls in place to
 prevent intentional disruptions, we expect to be an ongoing
 target of attacks specifically designed to impede the
 performance of our products. Similarly, experienced computer
 programmers, or hackers, may attempt to penetrate our network
 security or the security of our data centers and IT environments
 and misappropriate proprietary information or cause
 interruptions of our services. If these intentionally disruptive
 efforts are successful, our activities could be adversely
 affected, our reputation and future sales could be harmed and
 our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
 flow could be adversely affected.

 General
 economic conditions may lead our customers to delay or forgo
 technology upgrades which could adversely affect our business,
 financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Our products are designed to improve the productivity and
 efficiency of our customers’ information processing
 resources. However, a general slowdown in the world economy or a
 particular region, particularly with respect to discretionary
 spending for software, could cause customers to delay or forgo
 decisions to license new products, to upgrade their existing
 environments or to acquire services, which could adversely
 affect our business, financial condition, operating results and
 cash flow.

 The use
 of third-party microcode could negatively impact our product
 development.

 We anticipate ongoing use of microcode or firmware provided by
 hardware manufacturers. Microcode and firmware are essentially
 software programs embedded in hardware and are, therefore, less
 flexible than other types of software. We believe that such
 continued use will not have a significant impact on our
 operations and that our products will remain compatible with any
 changes to such code. However, there can be no assurance that
 future technological developments involving such microcode will
 not have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flow.

 We may
 lose access to third-party operating systems which would
 adversely affect future product development.

 In the past, certain of our licensees using proprietary
 operating systems were furnished with “source code”,
 which makes the operating system understandable to programmers;
 “object code”, which directly controls the hardware;
 and other technical documentation. Since the availability of
 source code facilitated the development of systems and
 applications software, which must interface with the operating
 systems, independent software vendors, such as us, were able to
 develop and market compatible software. Microsoft, IBM and other
 vendors have a policy of restricting the use or availability of
 the source code for some of their operating systems. To date,
 this policy has not had a material effect on us. Some companies,
 however, may adopt more restrictive policies in the future or
 impose unfavorable terms and conditions for such access. These
 restrictions may, in the future, result in higher research and
 development costs for us in connection with the enhancement and
 modification of our existing products and the development of new
 products. Although we do not expect that such restrictions will
 have this adverse effect, there

 22

Table of Contents

 can be no assurances that such restrictions or other
 restrictions will not have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 The
 markets for some or all of our key product areas may not
 grow.

 Our products are aligned by software business unit. Our business
 units consist of Enterprise Systems Management, Security
 Management, Storage Management, Business Service Optimization
 and the CA Products Group — which encompass solutions
 from a number of CA brands that fall outside of our core areas
 of systems and security management. Some or all of these areas
 may not grow, may decline in growth, or customers may decline or
 forgo use of products in some or all of these product areas.
 This is particularly true in newly emerging areas. A decline in
 sales in these product areas could result in decreased demand
 for our products and services, which would adversely impact our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Third
 parties could claim that our products infringe their
 intellectual property rights which could result in significant
 litigation expense or settlement with unfavorable terms that
 could adversely affect our business, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flow.

 From time to time we receive notices from third parties claiming
 infringement of various forms of their intellectual property.
 Investigation of these claims, whether with or without merit,
 can be expensive and could affect development, marketing or
 shipment of our products. As the number of software patents
 issued increases, it is likely that additional claims, with or
 without merit, will be asserted. Defending against such claims
 is time-consuming and could result in significant litigation
 expense or settlement with unfavorable terms that could
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
 results and cash flow.

 Fluctuations
 in foreign currencies could result in translation
 losses.

 Most of the revenue and expenses of our foreign subsidiaries are
 denominated in local currencies. Given the relatively long sales
 cycle that is typical for many of our products, foreign currency
 fluctuations could result in substantial changes due to the
 foreign currency impact upon translation of these transactions
 into U.S. dollars. Additionally, fluctuations of the
 exchange rates of foreign currencies against the
 U.S. dollar can affect our revenue within those markets,
 all of which may adversely impact our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Our stock
 price is subject to significant fluctuations.

 Our stock price is subject to significant fluctuations in
 response to variations in quarterly operating results, the gain
 or loss of significant license agreements, changes in earnings
 estimates by analysts, announcements related to accounting
 issues, announcements of technological innovations or new
 products by us or our competitors, changes in domestic and
 international economic and business conditions, general
 conditions in the software and computer industries and other
 events or factors. In addition, the stock market in general has
 experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have
 affected the market price of many companies in industries that
 are similar or related to those in which we operate and that
 have been unrelated to the operating performance of these
 companies. These market fluctuations have in the past adversely
 affected and may continue to adversely affect the market price
 of our common stock, which in turn could affect the value of our
 stock-based compensation and our ability to retain and attract
 key employees.

 Any
 failure by us to execute our restructuring plan successfully
 could result in total costs and expenses that are greater than
 expected.

 In July 2005, we announced a restructuring plan to increase
 efficiency and productivity and to more closely align our
 investments with strategic growth opportunities. The plan
 includes a workforce reduction of approximately five percent or
 800 positions worldwide as well as facility and procurement
 rationalization. We may have further workforce reductions or
 restructuring actions in the future. Risks associated with these
 actions and other workforce management issues include delays in
 implementation of anticipated workforce reductions, changes in
 restructuring plans that increase or decrease the number of
 employees affected, decreases in employee morale and the failure
 to

 23

Table of Contents

 meet operational targets due to the loss of employees, any of
 which may impair our ability to achieve anticipated cost
 reductions or may otherwise harm our business.

 Taxation
 of extraterritorial income could adversely affect our
 results.

 In August 2001, a World Trade Organization (WTO) dispute panel
 determined that the tax provisions of the FSC Repeal and
 Extraterritorial Income Exclusion Act of 2000 (ETI) constitute
 an export subsidy prohibited by the WTO Agreement on Subsidies
 and Countervailing Measures. The U.S. government appealed
 the panel’s decision and lost its appeal. On March 1,
 2004, the European Union (EU) began imposing retaliatory tariffs
 on a specified list of U.S. — source goods. In order
 to comply with international trade rules, the American Jobs
 Creation Act of 2004 (the Act) repealed the current tax
 treatment for ETI. The Act replaces the ETI provisions with a
 domestic manufacturing deduction and includes transition
 provisions for the ETI phase-out. We are reviewing the
 provisions of the Act and the impact on our effective tax rate.
 The WTO challenged the Act, claiming that the transition relief
 and grandfathering provisions of the Act amounted to a
 continuation of the ETI export subsidy. On February 13,
 2006, the Appellate Body of the WTO agreed that the Act violated
 international free-trade rules. As a result, the EU announced
 that by May 14, 2006 it would reinstate retaliatory tariffs
 that had been previously lifted. In order to comply with
 international free-trade rules, The Tax Increase Prevention and
 Reconciliation Act of 2005 (TIPRA) repealed certain provisions
 of the Act found to be objectionable by the EU. In response to
 TIPRA, the EU announced it would withdraw the retaliatory
 sanctions that were to have resumed May 16, 2006.

 Other
 potential tax liabilities may adversely affect our
 results.

 We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and
 numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required
 in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the
 ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and
 calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.
 We are regularly under audit by tax authorities. Although we
 believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final
 determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be
 materially different than that which is reflected in historical
 income tax provisions and accruals. Should additional taxes be
 assessed as a result of an audit or litigation, a material
 effect on our income tax provision and net income in the period
 or periods in which that determination is made could result. In
 the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2006, we determined that we
 did not properly calculate certain tax charges and accordingly
 had to adjust such charges. Refer to Item 9A,
 “Controls and Procedures”, for additional information.