Current and potential stockholders should consider carefully the
 described below. Any of these factors, or others,
 many of which are beyond our control, could negatively affect
 our revenue, profitability and cash flow.

13

 Our
 operating results and revenue are subject to fluctuations caused
 by many economic factors associated with our industry and the
 markets for our products which, in turn, may individually and
 collectively affect our revenue, profitability and cash flow in
 adverse and unpredictable ways.

 Quarterly and annual results of operations are affected by a
 number of factors associated with our industry and the markets
 for our products, including those listed below, which in turn
 could adversely affect our revenue, profitability and cash flow
 in the future.

 • 

 Timing and impact of threat outbreaks (e.g., worms and
 viruses);

 • 

 The rate of adoption of new product technologies and releases of
 new operating systems;

 • 

 Demand for products and services;

 • 

 Length of sales cycle;

 • 

 Customer difficulty in implementation of our products;

 • 

 Magnitude of price and product
 and/or
 services competition;

 • 

 Introduction of new hardware;

 • 

 General economic conditions in countries in which customers do a
 substantial amount of business;

 • 

 Changes in customer budgets for hardware, software and services;

 • 

 Ability to develop and introduce new or enhanced versions of our
 products;

 • 

 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates;

 • 

 Ability to control costs;

 • 

 The number and terms and conditions of licensing transactions;

 • 

 Reorganizations of the sales and technical services forces;

 • 

 The results of litigation; and

 • 

 Ability to retain and attract qualified personnel.

 Any of the foregoing factors, among others, may cause our
 operating expenses to be disproportionately high, or cause our
 revenue and operating results to fluctuate. As a consequence,
 our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
 flow could be adversely affected. For a discussion of certain
 factors that could affect our cash flow in the future, for
 example, please see Item 7, “Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations — Liquidity and Capital
 Resources — Sources and Uses of Cash”.

 The
 timing of orders from customers and channel partners may cause
 fluctuations in some of our key financial metrics which may
 impact our quarterly financial results and stock price.

 Historically, a substantial portion of our license agreements
 are executed in the last month of a quarter. Any failure or
 delay in executing new or renewed license agreements in a given
 quarter could cause fluctuations in some of our key financial
 metrics (i.e., new deferred subscription value or cash
 flow), which may have a material adverse effect on our quarterly
 financial results. Our historically uneven sales pattern also
 makes it difficult to predict future new deferred subscription
 value and cash flow for each period and, accordingly, increases
 the risk of unanticipated variations in our quarterly results
 and financial condition. If we do not achieve our forecasted
 results for a particular period, our stock price could decline
 significantly.

 Given
 the global nature of our business, economic or political events
 beyond our control can affect our business in unpredictable ways.

 International revenue has historically represented a significant
 percentage of our total worldwide revenue. Continued success in
 selling our products outside the United States will depend on a
 variety of market and business factors, including:

 • 

 Reorganizations of the sales and technical services workforce;

14

 • 

 Fluctuations in foreign exchange currency rates;

 • 

 Staffing key managerial positions;

 • 

 The ability to successfully localize software products for a
 significant number of international markets;

 • 

 General economic conditions in foreign countries;

 • 

 Political stability; and

 • 

 Trade restrictions such as tariffs, duties or other controls
 affecting foreign operations.

 Any of the foregoing factors, among others, could adversely
 affect our business, financial condition, operating results and
 cash flow.

 Changes
 to the compensation of our sales organization could adversely
 affect our business, financial condition, operating results and
 cash flow.

 We may update our compensation plans for the sales organization
 from time to time in order to align the sales force with the
 Company’s economic interests. Under the terms of CA’s
 Incentive Compensation Plan (the “Incentive Compensation
 Plan”), management retains broad discretion to change or
 modify various aspects of the plan such as sales quotas or
 territory assignments to ensure that the plan is aligned with
 CA’s overall business objectives. However, the laws of many
 of the countries and states in which CA operates impose
 limitations on the degree of discretion a company’s
 management may exercise on compensation matters such as
 commissions. The Incentive Compensation Plan itself, or changes
 made by management where CA exercises discretion to change the
 Incentive Compensation Plan, may lead to outcomes that are not
 anticipated or intended and may impact our cost of doing
 business, employee morale,
 and/or other
 performance metrics, all of which could adversely affect our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Changes
 to our sales force coverage model and organization could
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
 results, and cash flow.

 During fiscal years 2006 and 2007, we made substantial changes
 to our sales organization and sales coverage model. See
 Item 1, “Business — (c) Description of
 the Business — Sales and Marketing” for more
 information. The purpose of these changes was to enable the
 Company to increase its sales of new products and solutions to
 new and existing customers while protecting the Company’s
 installed base. In addition, these changes require our sales
 force to acquire new skills and knowledge and to assume
 different roles. We are fully deploying these changes on a
 worldwide basis in fiscal year 2008, and we may make additional
 changes in the future. Any of these changes may lead to outcomes
 that are not anticipated or intended and may impact the
 performance of our sales force and thus our cost of doing
 business, employee morale,
 and/or other
 performance metrics, all of which could adversely affect our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Failure
 to expand our channel partner programs related to the sale of CA
 solutions may result in lost sales opportunities, increases in
 expenses and weakening in our competitive position.

 We sell CA solutions through systems integrators and value-added
 resellers in channel partner programs that require training and
 expertise to sell these solutions, and global penetration to
 grow these aspects of our business. The failure to expand these
 channel partner programs and penetrate these markets may
 adversely impact our success with channel partners, resulting in
 lost sales opportunities and an increase in expenses, as well as
 weaken our competitive position.

 If
 we do not adequately manage and evolve our financial reporting
 and managerial systems and processes, including the successful
 implementation of our enterprise resource planning software from
 SAP AG, our ability to manage and grow our business may be
 harmed.

 Our ability to successfully implement our business plan and
 comply with regulations requires effective planning and
 management systems and processes. We will need to continue to
 improve existing and implement new operational and financial
 systems, procedures and controls to manage our business
 effectively in the future. As a result, we have licensed
 enterprise resource planning (ERP) software from SAP AG and have
 begun a process to expand and upgrade our operational and
 financial systems. Phase one of the implementation was completed
 in April 2006 and included operating activities in

15

 North America and worldwide human resources. A second major
 phase of SAP was implemented in November 2006, which included
 operating activities in our CA Technology Services business. Any
 delay in the implementation of, or disruption in the transition
 to, our new or enhanced systems, procedures or internal
 controls, could adversely affect our ability to accurately
 forecast sales demand, manage our supply chain, achieve accuracy
 in the conversion of electronic data and records, and report
 financial and management information, including the filing of
 our quarterly or annual reports with the SEC, on a timely and
 accurate basis. As a result of the conversion from prior systems
 and processes, data integrity problems may be discovered that if
 not corrected could impact our business or financial results. In
 addition, as we add functionality to the ERP software and
 complete implementations in other geographic regions, new issues
 could arise that we have not foreseen. Such issues could
 adversely affect our ability to do, among other things, the
 following in a timely manner: provide quotes; take customer
 orders; ship products; provide services and support to our
 customers; bill and track our customers; fulfill contractual
 obligations; and otherwise run our business. Failure to properly
 or adequately address these issues could result in the diversion
 of management’s attention and resources, impact our ability
 to manage our business and negatively impact our results of
 operations, cash flows and stock price. See Item 4,
 “Controls and Procedures”, for further information.

 We
 may encounter difficulties in successfully integrating companies
 and products that we have acquired or may acquire into our
 existing business and, therefore, such failed integration may
 adversely affect our infrastructure, market presence, results of
 operations and stock price.

 We have in the past and expect in the future to acquire
 complementary companies, products, services and technologies.
 The risks we may encounter include: we may find that the
 acquired company or assets do not further improve our financial
 and strategic position as planned; we may have difficulty
 integrating the operations, personnel and commission plans of
 the acquired business; we may have difficulty forecasting or
 reporting results subsequent to acquisitions; we may have
 difficulty retaining the technical skills needed to provide
 services on the acquired products; we may have difficulty
 incorporating the acquired technologies or products with our
 existing product lines; we may have product liability, customer
 liability or intellectual property liability associated with the
 sale of the acquired company’s products; our ongoing
 business may be disrupted by transition or integration issues;
 our management’s attention may be diverted from other
 business concerns; we may be unable to obtain timely approvals
 from governmental authorities under applicable competition and
 antitrust laws; we may have difficulty maintaining uniform
 standards, controls, procedures and policies; our relationships
 with current and new employees, customers and distributors could
 be impaired; the acquisition may result in increased litigation
 risk, including litigation from terminated employees or third
 parties; and our due diligence process may fail to identify
 significant issues with the target company’s product
 quality, financial disclosures, accounting practices, internal
 control deficiencies, including material weaknesses, product
 architecture, legal contingencies and other matters. These
 factors could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 results of operations, financial condition or cash flows,
 particularly in the case of a large acquisition or number of
 acquisitions. To the extent we issue shares of stock or other
 rights to purchase stock, including options, to pay for
 acquisitions, existing stockholders’ interests may be
 diluted and earnings per share may decrease.

 We
 are subject to intense competition in product and service
 offerings and pricing, and we expect to face increased
 competition in the future, which could diminish demand for our
 products and, therefore, reduce our sales, revenue and market
 presence.

 The markets for our products are intensely competitive, and we
 expect product and service offerings and pricing competition to
 increase. Some of our competitors have longer operating
 histories, greater name recognition, a larger installed base of
 customers in any particular market niche, larger technical
 staffs, established relationships with hardware vendors
 and/or
 greater financial, technical and marketing resources.
 Competitors for our various products include large technology
 companies. We also face competition from numerous smaller
 companies that specialize in specific aspects of the highly
 fragmented software industry and shareware authors that may
 develop competing products. In addition, new companies enter the
 market on a frequent and regular basis, offering products that
 compete with those offered by us. Moreover, many customers
 historically have developed their own products that compete with
 those offered by us. The competition may affect our ability to
 attract and retain the technical skills needed to provide
 services to our customers, forcing us to become more reliant on
 delivery of services through third parties. This, in turn, could
 increase operating costs and decrease our revenue, profitability
 and cash flow. Additionally, competition from any of these
 sources can result in price reductions or displacement of our
 products, which could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

16

 Our competitors include large vendors of hardware or operating
 system software
 and/or
 service providers. The widespread inclusion of products that
 perform the same or similar functions as our products bundled
 within computer hardware or other companies’ software
 products, or services similar to those provided by us, could
 reduce the perceived need for our products and services, or
 render our products obsolete and unmarketable. Furthermore, even
 if these incorporated products are inferior or more limited than
 our products, customers may elect to accept the incorporated
 products rather than purchase our products. In addition, the
 software industry is currently undergoing consolidation as
 software companies seek to offer more extensive suites and
 broader arrays of software products and services, as well as
 integrated software and hardware solutions. This consolidation
 may negatively impact our competitive position, which could
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
 results and cash flow. Refer to Item 1,
 “Business — (c) Narrative Description of the
 Business — Competition”, for additional
 information.

 Failure
 to adapt to technological change in a timely manner could
 adversely affect our revenues and earnings.

 If we fail to keep pace with technological change in our
 industry, such failure would have an adverse effect on our
 revenues and earnings. We operate in a highly competitive
 industry characterized by rapid technological change, evolving
 industry standards, changes in customer requirements and
 frequent new product introductions and enhancements. During the
 past several years, many new technological advancements and
 competing products entered the marketplace. The distributed
 systems and application management markets in which we operate
 are far more crowded and competitive than our traditional
 mainframe systems management markets. Our ability to compete
 effectively and our growth prospects depend upon many factors,
 including the success of our existing distributed systems
 products, the timely introduction and success of future software
 products, and the ability of our products to interoperate and
 perform well with existing and future leading databases and
 other platforms supported by our products. We have experienced
 long development cycles and product delays in the past,
 particularly with some of our distributed systems products, and
 expect to have delays in the future. In addition, we have
 incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant research
 and development costs, as we introduce new products. If there
 are delays in new product introductions or
 less-than-anticipated
 market acceptance of these new products, we will have invested
 substantial resources without realizing adequate revenues in
 return, and our revenues and earnings could be adversely
 affected.

 If
 our products do not remain compatible with ever-changing
 operating environments we could lose customers and the demand
 for our products and services could decrease, which would
 negatively impact sales and revenue.

 IBM, HP, Sun Microsystems, EMC and Microsoft are the largest
 suppliers of systems and computing software and, in most cases,
 are the manufacturers of the computer hardware systems used by
 most of our customers. Historically, these developers have
 modified or introduced new operating systems, systems software
 and computer hardware. In the future, such new products could
 incorporate features that perform functions currently performed
 by our products, or could require substantial modification of
 our products to maintain compatibility with these
 companies’ hardware or software. Although we have to date
 been able to adapt our products and our business to changes
 introduced by hardware manufacturers and system software
 developers, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do
 so in the future. Failure to adapt our products in a timely
 manner to such changes or customer decisions to forego the use
 of our products in favor of those with comparable functionality
 contained either in the hardware or operating system could have
 a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flow.

 Certain
 software that we use in daily operations is licensed from third
 parties and thus may not be available to us in the future, which
 has the potential to delay product development and production
 and, therefore, could adversely affect our revenues and profits.

 Some of our products contain software licensed from third
 parties. Some of these licenses may not be available to us in
 the future on terms that are acceptable to us or allow our
 products to remain competitive. The loss of these licenses or
 the inability to maintain any of them on commercially acceptable
 terms could delay development of future products or the
 enhancement of existing products. We may also choose to pay a
 premium price for such a license in certain circumstances where
 continuity of the product would outweigh the premium cost of the
 license. There can be no assurance that, at a given point of
 time, any of the above will not have an adverse impact on our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

17

 Certain
 software we use is from open source code sources which under
 certain circumstances may lead to unintended consequences and,
 therefore, could adversely affect our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Some of our products contain software from open source code
 sources. The use of such open source code may subject us to
 certain conditions, including the obligation to offer our
 products that use open source code for no cost. We monitor our
 use of such open source code to avoid subjecting our products to
 conditions we do not intend. However, the use of such open
 source code may ultimately subject some of our products to
 unintended conditions so that we are required to take remedial
 action that may divert resources away from our development
 efforts. We believe that the use of such open source code will
 not have a significant impact on our operations and that our
 products will be viable after any remediation efforts. However,
 there can be no assurance that future conditions involving such
 open source code will not have an adverse impact on our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Discovery
 of errors in our software could adversely affect our revenues
 and earnings and subject us to product liability claims, which
 may be costly and time consuming.

 The software products we offer are inherently complex. Despite
 testing and quality control, we cannot be certain that errors
 will not be found in current versions, new versions or
 enhancements of our products after commencement of commercial
 shipments. If new or existing customers have difficulty
 deploying our products or require significant amounts of
 customer support, our operating margins could be adversely
 affected. Moreover, we could face possible claims and higher
 development costs if our software contains undetected errors or
 if we fail to meet our customers’ expectations. Significant
 technical challenges also arise with our products because our
 customers purchase and deploy our products across a variety of
 computer platforms and integrate them with a number of
 third-party software applications and databases. These
 combinations increase our risk further because in the event of a
 system-wide failure, it may be difficult to determine which
 product is at fault; thus, we may be harmed by the failure of
 another supplier’s products. As a result of the foregoing,
 we could experience:

 • 

 Loss of or delay in revenues and loss of market share;

 • 

 Loss of customers, including the inability to do repeat business
 with existing key customers;

 • 

 Damage to our reputation;

 • 

 Failure to achieve market acceptance;

 • 

 Diversion of development resources;

 • 

 Increased service and warranty costs;

 • 

 Legal actions by customers against us which could, whether or
 not successful, increase costs and distract our management;

 • 

 Increased insurance costs; and

 • 

 Failure to successfully complete service engagements for product
 installations and implementations.

 In addition, a product liability claim, whether or not
 successful, could be time-consuming and costly and thus could
 have a material adverse affect on our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Our
 credit ratings have been downgraded and could be downgraded
 further which would require us to pay additional interest under
 our credit agreement and could adversely affect our ability to
 borrow in the future.

 As of May 2007, our senior unsecured notes are rated Ba1, BB+
 and BB by Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s), Fitch
 Ratings (Fitch), and Standard and Poor’s (S&P),
 respectively. The outlook of the ratings is negative for all
 three agencies.

 Moody’s, Fitch, S&P or any other credit rating agency
 may further downgrade or take other negative action with respect
 to our credit ratings in the future. If our credit ratings are
 further downgraded or other negative action is taken, we would
 be required to, among other things, pay additional interest
 under our credit agreement, if it is utilized. Any downgrades
 could affect our ability to obtain additional financing in the
 future and may affect the terms of any such financing. This
 could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

18

 We
 have a significant amount of debt and failure to generate
 sufficient cash as our debt becomes due or to renew credit lines
 prior to their expiration may adversely affect our business,
 financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 As of March 31, 2007, we had approximately
 $2.6 billion of debt outstanding, consisting of unsecured
 fixed-rate senior note obligations, convertible senior notes,
 and credit facility borrowings. Refer to Item 7,
 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations — Contractual
 Obligations and Commitments”, for the payment schedule of
 our long-term debt obligations, inclusive of interest. We expect
 that existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities,
 cash provided from operations and our bank credit facilities
 will be sufficient to meet ongoing cash requirements. However,
 failure to generate sufficient cash as our debt becomes due or
 to renew credit lines prior to their expiration may adversely
 affect our business, financial condition, operating results and
 cash flow.

 Failure
 to protect our intellectual property rights would weaken our
 competitive position.

 Our future success is highly dependent upon our proprietary
 technology, including our software. Failure to protect such
 technology could lead to our loss of valuable assets and
 competitive advantage. We protect our proprietary information
 through the use of patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secret
 laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions.
 Notwithstanding our efforts to protect our proprietary rights,
 policing unauthorized use or copying of our proprietary
 information is difficult. Unauthorized use or copying occurs
 from time to time and litigation to enforce intellectual
 property rights could result in significant costs and diversion
 of resources. Moreover, the laws of some foreign jurisdictions
 do not afford the same degree of protection to our proprietary
 rights as do the laws of the United States. For example, for
 some of our products, we rely on “shrink-wrap” or
 “click-on” licenses which may be unenforceable in
 whole or in part in some jurisdictions in which we operate. In
 addition, patents we have obtained may be circumvented,
 challenged, invalidated or designed around by other companies.
 If we do not adequately protect our intellectual property for
 these or other reasons our business, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flow could be adversely affected.
 Refer to “Item 1, Business —
 (c) Narrative Description of the Business —
 Technological Expertise”, for additional information.

 We
 may become dependent upon large transactions and the failure to
 close such transactions could adversely affect our business,
 financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 We have historically been dependent upon large-dollar enterprise
 transactions with individual customers. As a result of the
 flexibility afforded by our business model, we anticipate that
 there will be fewer of these transactions in the future. There
 can be no assurances, however, that we will not be reliant on
 large-dollar enterprise transactions in the future, and the
 failure to close such transactions could adversely affect our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Our
 sales to government clients subject us to risks, including early
 termination, audits, investigations,
 sanctions and penalties.

 Approximately 11% of our total deferred subscription value at
 March 31, 2007 is associated with multi-year contracts
 signed with the U.S. Federal Government and other
 U.S. state and local governmental agencies. These contracts
 are generally subject to annual fiscal funding approval
 and/or may
 be terminated at the convenience of the government. Termination
 of a contract or funding for a contract could adversely affect
 our sales, revenue and reputation. Additionally, government
 contracts are generally subject to audits and investigations
 which could result in various civil and criminal penalties and
 administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts,
 refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of profits,
 suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or debarment from
 doing business with the government.

 Our
 customers’ data centers and IT environments may be subject
 to hacking or other breaches, harming the market perception of
 the effectiveness of our products.

 If an actual or perceived breach of our customers’ network
 security occurs, allowing access to our customers’ data
 centers or other parts of their IT environments, regardless of
 whether the breach is attributable to our products, the market
 perception of the effectiveness of our products could be harmed.
 Because the techniques used by computer hackers to access or
 sabotage networks change frequently and may not be recognized
 until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate
 these techniques. Alleviating any of these problems could
 require significant expenditures of our capital and diversion of
 our resources from development efforts. Additionally, these
 efforts could cause interruptions, delays or cessation of our
 product licensing, or modification of our software, which could
 cause us to lose existing or potential customers, adversely
 affecting our business, financial condition, operating results
 and cash flow.

19

 Our
 software products, data centers and IT environments may be
 subject to hacking or other breaches, harming the market
 perception of the effectiveness of our products.

 Although we believe we have sufficient controls in place to
 prevent intentional disruptions, we expect to be an ongoing
 target of attacks specifically designed to impede the
 performance of our products. Similarly, experienced computer
 programmers, or hackers, may attempt to penetrate our network
 security or the security of our data centers and IT environments
 and misappropriate proprietary information or cause
 interruptions of our services. If these intentionally disruptive
 efforts are successful, our activities could be adversely
 affected, our reputation and future sales could be harmed and
 our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
 flow could be adversely affected.

 General
 economic conditions may lead our customers to delay or forgo
 technology upgrades which could adversely affect our business,
 financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Our products are designed to improve the productivity and
 efficiency of our customers’ information processing
 resources. However, a general slowdown in the world economy or a
 particular region, particularly with respect to discretionary
 spending for software, could cause customers to delay or forgo
 decisions to license new products, to upgrade their existing
 environments or to acquire services, which could adversely
 affect our business, financial condition, operating results and
 cash flow.

 The
 use of third-party microcode could negatively impact our product
 development.

 We anticipate ongoing use of microcode or firmware provided by
 hardware manufacturers. Microcode and firmware are essentially
 software programs embedded in hardware and are, therefore, less
 flexible than other types of software. We believe that such
 continued use will not have a significant impact on our
 operations and that our products will remain compatible with any
 changes to such code. However, there can be no assurance that
 future technological developments involving such microcode will
 not have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flow.

 We
 may lose access to third-party operating systems which would
 adversely affect future product development.

 In the past, certain of our licensees using proprietary
 operating systems were furnished with “source code”,
 which makes the operating system understandable to programmers;
 and/or
 “object code”, which directly controls the hardware;
 and other technical documentation. Since the availability of
 source code facilitated the development of systems and
 applications software, which must interface with the operating
 systems, independent software vendors, such as us, were able to
 develop and market compatible software. Microsoft, IBM and other
 vendors have a policy of restricting the use or availability of
 the source code for some of their operating systems. To date,
 this policy has not had a material effect on us. Some companies,
 however, may adopt more restrictive policies in the future or
 impose unfavorable terms and conditions for such access. These
 restrictions may, in the future, result in higher research and
 development costs for us in connection with the enhancement and
 modification of our existing products and the development of new
 products. Although we do not expect that such restrictions will
 have this adverse effect, there can be no assurances that such
 restrictions or other restrictions will not have a material
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating
 results and cash flow.

 The
 markets for some or all of our key product areas may not grow.

 Our products are arranged in CA Capability Solutions, which are
 in turn grouped according to the main focus of what they enable
 customers to do — govern, manage
 and/or
 secure. Some or all of these areas may not grow, may decline in
 growth, or customers may decline or forego use of products in
 some or all of these areas. This is particularly true in newly
 emerging areas. A decline in sales in these product areas could
 result in decreased demand for our products and services, which
 would adversely impact our business, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flow.

 Third
 parties could claim that our products infringe their
 intellectual property rights or that we owe royalty payments
 which could result in significant litigation expense or
 settlement with unfavorable terms that could adversely affect
 our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
 flow.

 From time to time third parties may claim that our products
 infringe various forms of their intellectual property
 and/or that
 we owe royalty payments to them. Investigation of these claims,
 whether with or without merit, can be expensive and could affect
 development, marketing or shipment of our products. As the
 number of software patents issued increases, it is likely that

20

 additional claims, with or without merit, will be asserted.
 Defending against such claims is time-consuming and could result
 in significant litigation expense or settlement with unfavorable
 terms that could adversely affect our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Fluctuations
 in foreign currencies could result in translation losses.

 Most of the revenue and expenses of our foreign subsidiaries are
 denominated in local currencies. Given the relatively long sales
 cycle that is typical for many of our products, foreign currency
 fluctuations could result in substantial changes due to the
 foreign currency impact upon translation of these transactions
 into U.S. dollars. Additionally, fluctuations of the
 exchange rates of foreign currencies against the
 U.S. dollar can affect our results from operations within
 those markets, all of which may adversely impact our business,
 financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Our
 stock price is subject to significant fluctuations.

 Our stock price is subject to significant fluctuations in
 response to variations in quarterly operating results, the gain
 or loss of significant license agreements, changes in earnings
 or cash flow estimates by analysts, changes in our
 forward-looking guidance, announcements related to accounting
 issues, announcements of technological innovations or new
 products by us or our competitors, changes in domestic and
 international economic and business conditions, general
 conditions in the software and computer industries and other
 events or factors. In addition, the stock market in general has
 experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have
 affected the market price of many companies in industries that
 are similar or related to those in which we operate and that
 have been unrelated to the operating performance of these
 companies. These market fluctuations have in the past adversely
 affected and may continue to adversely affect the market price
 of our common stock, which in turn could affect the value of our
 stock-based compensation and our ability to retain and attract
 key employees.

 Any
 failure by us to execute our restructuring plan successfully
 could result in total costs and expenses that are greater than
 expected.

 We have announced restructuring plans, which include workforce
 reductions as well as global facility consolidations and other
 cost reduction initiatives. We may have further workforce
 reductions or restructuring actions in the future. Risks
 associated with these actions and other workforce management
 issues include delays in implementation of anticipated workforce
 reductions, changes in restructuring plans that increase or
 decrease the number of employees affected, decreases in employee
 morale and the failure to meet operational targets due to the
 loss of employees, any of which may impair our ability to
 achieve anticipated cost reductions or may otherwise harm our
 business.

 We
 have outsourced various functions to third parties and these
 arrangements may not be successful thereby resulting in
 increased costs or may negatively impact service levels.

 We have outsourced various functions to third parties and may
 outsource additional functions to third-party providers in the
 future. We rely on those third parties to provide services on a
 timely and effective basis. Although we closely monitor the
 performance of these third parties and maintain
 back-up
 plans in case third parties are unable to perform as agreed, we
 do not ultimately control the performance of our outsourcing
 partners. The failure of third-party outsourcing partners to
 perform as expected or as required by contract could result in
 significant disruptions and costs to our operations.

 Potential
 tax liabilities may adversely affect our results.

 We are subject to income taxes in both the United States and
 numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required
 in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the
 ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and
 calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.
 We are regularly under audit by tax authorities. Although we
 believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final
 determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be
 materially different than that which is reflected in historical
 income tax provisions and accruals. Should additional taxes be
 assessed as a result of an audit or litigation, a material
 effect on our income tax provision and net income in the period
 or periods in which that determination is made could result.

21