.

 Current and potential stockholders should consider carefully the
 described below. Any of these factors, many of
 which are beyond our control, could materially adversely affect
 our business, financial condition, operating results, cash flow
 and stock price.

 Failure
 to achieve success in our growth strategy could materially
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
 results and cash flow.

 Our current strategy emphasizes accelerating our growth. This
 strategy is designed to build on our portfolio of software and
 services to meet next-generation market opportunities. This
 strategy is focused on seven key areas: service management and
 assurance; mainframe; project and portfolio management;
 security; virtualization and automation; cloud computing; and
 Software-as-a-Service (SaaS). The success of this growth
 strategy could be affected by many of the risk factors discussed
 in this
 Form 10-K
 and also by our ability to:

 • 

 Increase sales in new and emerging enterprises and markets where
 we currently may not have a strong presence and where we may
 have a dependence on unfamiliar distribution partners and routes;

 • 

 Enable our sales force to sell new products and SaaS offerings,
 including instances where the SaaS offerings are of a type not
 previously provided by us; and

 • 

 Improve the CA brand in the marketplace, including as it relates
 to our ability to sell new products and penetrate new or
 emerging markets.

 Failure to achieve success with this strategy could materially
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
 results and cash flow.

 Given
 the global nature of our business, economic factors or political
 events beyond our control and other business risks associated
 with
 non-U.S. operations
 can affect our business in unpredictable ways.

 International revenue has historically represented a significant
 percentage of our total worldwide revenue. Success in selling
 and developing our products outside the United States will
 depend on a variety of factors in various
 non-U.S. locations,
 including:

 • 

 Foreign exchange currency rates;

 • 

 Local economic conditions;

 • 

 Political stability and acts of terrorism;

 • 

 Workforce reorganizations in various locations, including global
 reorganizations of sales, research and development, technical
 services, finance, human resources and facilities functions;

 • 

 Effectively staffing key managerial and technical positions;

 • 

 Successfully localizing software products for a significant
 number of international markets;

 • 

 More restrictive employment regulation;

 • 

 Trade restrictions such as tariffs, duties, taxes or other
 controls;

 • 

 International intellectual property laws, which may be more
 restrictive or may offer lower levels of protection than
 U.S. law;

 • 

 Complying with differing and changing local laws and regulations
 in multiple international locations as well as complying with
 U.S. laws and regulations where applicable in these
 international locations; and

 • 

 Developing and executing an effective
 go-to-market
 strategy in various locations.

 Any of the foregoing factors could materially adversely affect
 our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
 flow.

 9

Table of Contents

 General
 economic conditions, including concerns regarding a global
 recession and credit constraints, or unfavorable economic
 conditions in a particular region, business or industry sector,
 may lead our customers to delay or forgo technology investments
 and could have other impacts, any of which could adversely
 affect our business, financial condition, operating results and
 cash flow.

 Our products are designed to improve the productivity and
 efficiency of our customers’ information processing
 resources. However, a general slowdown or recession in the
 global economy, or in a particular region, or business or
 industry sector (such as the financial services sector), or
 tightening of credit markets, could cause customers to: have
 difficulty accessing credit sources; delay contractual payments;
 or delay or forgo decisions to (i) license new products
 (particularly with respect to discretionary spending for
 software), (ii) upgrade their existing environments or
 (iii) purchase services. Any such impacts could adversely
 affect our business, financial condition, operating results and
 cash flow.

 Such a general slowdown or recession in the global economy may
 also materially affect the global banking system, including
 individual institutions as well as a particular business or
 industry sector, which could cause further consolidations or
 failures in such a sector. Approximately one third of our
 revenue is derived from arrangements with financial institutions
 (i.e., banking, brokerage and insurance companies). The majority
 of these arrangements are for the renewal of mainframe capacity
 and maintenance associated with transactions processed by our
 financial institution customers. While we cannot predict what
 impact there may be on our business from further consolidation
 of the financial industry sector, or the impact from the economy
 in general on our business, to date the impact has not been
 material to our balance sheet, results of operations or cash
 flows. The vast majority of our subscription and maintenance
 revenue in any particular reporting period comes from contracts
 signed in prior periods, generally pursuant to contracts ranging
 in duration from three to five years.

 These adverse financial events could also result in further
 government intervention in the U.S. and world markets. Any
 of these results could affect the manner in which we are able to
 conduct business, including within a particular industry sector
 or market and could adversely affect our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Failure
 to expand our channel partner programs related to the sale of CA
 solutions may result in lost sales opportunities, increases in
 expenses and a weakening in our competitive position.

 We sell CA solutions through global systems integrators, managed
 service providers and value-added resellers in channel partner
 programs that require training and expertise to sell these
 solutions, and global penetration to grow these aspects of our
 business. The failure to expand these channel partner programs
 and penetrate these markets could materially adversely affect
 our success with channel partners, resulting in lost sales
 opportunities and an increase in expenses, as well as weaken our
 competitive position.

 If
 we do not adequately manage and evolve our financial reporting
 and managerial systems and processes, including the successful
 implementation of our enterprise resource planning software, our
 ability to manage and grow our business may be harmed.

 Our ability to successfully implement our business plan and
 comply with regulations requires effective planning and
 management systems and processes. We need to continue to improve
 and implement existing and new operational and financial
 systems, procedures and controls to manage our business
 effectively in the future. As a result, we have licensed
 enterprise resource planning software, consolidated certain
 finance functions into regional locations, and are in the
 process of expanding and upgrading our operational and financial
 systems. Any delay in the implementation of, or disruption in
 the transition to, our new or enhanced systems, procedures or
 internal controls, could adversely affect our ability to
 accurately forecast sales demand, manage our supply chain,
 achieve accuracy in the conversion of electronic data and
 records, and report financial and management information,
 including the filing of our quarterly or annual reports with the
 SEC, on a timely and accurate basis. Failure to properly or
 adequately address these issues could result in the diversion of
 management’s attention and resources, adversely affect our
 ability to manage our business and materially adversely affect
 our business, financial condition, results of operations and
 cash flow. Refer to Item 9A, “Controls and
 Procedures,” for additional information.

 10

Table of Contents

 We
 may encounter difficulties in successfully integrating companies
 and products that we have acquired or may acquire into our
 existing business, and any failed integration could materially
 adversely affect our infrastructure, market presence, business,
 financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 In the past we have acquired, and in the future we expect to
 acquire, complementary companies, products, services and
 technologies (including through mergers, asset acquisitions,
 joint ventures, partnerships, strategic alliances, and equity
 investments). Additionally, we expect to acquire technology and
 software that are consistent with our growth strategy. The risks
 we may encounter include:

 • 

 We may find that the acquired company or assets do not further
 improve our financial and strategic position as planned;

 • 

 We may have difficulty integrating the operations, facilities,
 personnel and commission plans of the acquired business;

 • 

 We may have difficulty forecasting or reporting results
 subsequent to acquisitions;

 • 

 We may have difficulty retaining the skills needed to further
 market, sell or provide services on the acquired products in a
 manner that will be accepted by the market;

 • 

 We may have difficulty incorporating the acquired technologies
 or products into our existing product lines;

 • 

 We may have product liability, customer liability or
 intellectual property liability associated with the sale of the
 acquired company’s products;

 • 

 Our ongoing business may be disrupted by transition or
 integration issues and our management’s attention may be
 diverted from other business initiatives;

 • 

 We may be unable to obtain timely approvals from governmental
 authorities under applicable competition and antitrust laws;

 • 

 We may have difficulty maintaining uniform standards, controls,
 procedures and policies;

 • 

 Our relationships with current and new employees, customers and
 distributors could be impaired;

 • 

 An acquisition may result in increased litigation risk,
 including litigation from terminated employees or third
 parties; and

 • 

 Our due diligence process may fail to identify significant
 issues with the acquired company’s product quality,
 financial disclosures, accounting practices, internal control
 deficiencies, including material weaknesses, product
 architecture, legal contingencies and other matters.

 These factors could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
 flow, particularly in the case of a large acquisition or number
 of acquisitions. To the extent we issue shares of stock or other
 rights to purchase stock, including options, to pay for
 acquisitions or to retain employees, existing stockholders’
 interests may be diluted and net income per share may decrease.

 We
 are subject to intense competition in product and service
 offerings and pricing, and we expect to face increased
 competition in the future, which could either diminish demand
 for or inhibit growth of our products and, therefore, reduce our
 sales, revenue and market presence.

 The markets for our products are intensely competitive, and we
 expect product and service offerings and pricing competition to
 increase. Some of our competitors have longer operating
 histories, greater name recognition, a larger installed base of
 customers in any particular market niche, larger technical
 staffs, established relationships with hardware vendors, or
 greater financial, technical and marketing resources.
 Furthermore, our growth strategy is predicated upon our ability
 to develop and acquire products and services that address
 customer needs and are accepted by the market better than those
 of our competitors.

 We also face competition from numerous smaller companies that
 specialize in specific aspects of the highly fragmented software
 industry, and from shareware authors that may develop competing
 products. In addition, new companies enter the market on a
 frequent and regular basis, offering products that compete with
 those offered by us. Moreover, certain customers historically
 have developed their own products that compete with those
 offered by us. The competition may affect our ability to attract
 and retain the technical skills needed to provide services to
 our customers, forcing us to become more reliant on delivery of
 services through third parties. This, in turn, could increase
 operating costs and decrease our revenue, profitability

 11

Table of Contents

 and cash flow. Additionally, competition from any of these
 sources could result in price reductions or displacement of our
 products, which could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Our competitors include large vendors of hardware and operating
 system software and service providers. The widespread inclusion
 of products that perform the same or similar functions as our
 products bundled within computer hardware or other
 companies’ software products, or services similar to those
 provided by us, could reduce the perceived need for our products
 and services, or render our products obsolete and unmarketable.
 Furthermore, even if these incorporated products are inferior or
 more limited than our products, customers may elect to accept
 the incorporated products rather than purchase our products. In
 addition, the software industry is currently undergoing
 consolidation as software companies seek to offer more extensive
 suites and broader arrays of software products and services, as
 well as integrated software and hardware solutions. This
 consolidation may adversely affect our competitive position,
 which could materially adversely affect our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow. Refer to
 Item 1, “Business — (c) Narrative
 Description of the Business — Competition,” for
 additional information.

 Our
 business may suffer if we are not able to retain and attract
 adequate qualified personnel, including key managerial,
 technical, marketing and sales personnel.

 We operate in a business where there is intense competition for
 experienced personnel in all of our global markets. We depend on
 our ability to identify, recruit, hire, train, develop and
 retain qualified and effective personnel and to attract and
 retain talent needed to execute our growth strategy. Our ability
 to do so depends on numerous factors, including factors that we
 cannot control, such as competition and conditions in the local
 employment markets in which we operate. Our future success
 depends in large part on the continued contribution of our
 senior management and other key employees. A loss of a
 significant number of skilled managerial or other personnel
 could have a negative effect on the quality of our products. A
 loss of a significant number of experienced and effective sales
 personnel could result in fewer sales of our products. Our
 failure to retain qualified employees in these categories could
 materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flow.

 Failure
 to adapt to technological changes and introduce new software
 products and services in a timely manner could materially
 adversely affect our business.

 If we fail to keep pace with, or in certain cases lead,
 technological change in our industry, that failure could have a
 material adverse effect on our business. We operate in a highly
 competitive industry characterized by rapid technological
 change, evolving industry standards, and changes in customer
 requirements and delivery methods. During the past several
 years, many new technological advancements and competing
 products entered the marketplace. The distributed systems and
 application management markets in which we operate are far more
 crowded and competitive than our traditional mainframe systems
 management markets.

 Our ability to compete effectively and our growth prospects for
 all of our products, including those associated with our growth
 strategy, depend upon many factors, including the success of our
 existing distributed systems products, the timely introduction
 and success of future software products and related delivery
 methods, and the ability of our products to perform well with
 existing and future leading databases and other platforms
 supported by our products that address customer needs and are
 accepted by the market. We have experienced long development
 cycles and product delays in the past, particularly with some of
 our distributed systems products, and may experience delays in
 the future. In addition, we have incurred, and expect to
 continue to incur, significant research and development costs,
 as we introduce new products. If there are delays in new product
 introductions or there is
 less-than-anticipated
 market acceptance of these new products, we will have invested
 substantial resources without realizing adequate revenues in
 return, which could materially adversely affect our business,
 financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 If
 our products do not remain compatible with ever-changing
 operating environments we could lose customers and the demand
 for our products and services could decrease, which could
 materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flow.

 The largest suppliers of systems and computing software are, in
 most cases, the manufacturers of the computer hardware systems
 used by most of our customers. Historically, these companies
 have from time to time modified or introduced new operating
 systems, systems software and computer hardware. In the future,
 such new products from these companies could incorporate
 features that perform functions currently performed by our
 products, or could require substantial modification of

 12

Table of Contents

 our products to maintain compatibility with these
 companies’ hardware or software. Although we have to date
 been able to adapt our products and our business to changes
 introduced by hardware manufacturers and system software
 developers, there can be no assurance that we will be able to do
 so in the future. Failure to adapt our products in a timely
 manner to such changes or customer decisions to forgo the use of
 our products in favor of those with comparable functionality
 contained either in their hardware or operating system could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Certain
 software that we use in our products is licensed from third
 parties and thus may not be available to us in the future, which
 has the potential to delay product development and production
 and, therefore, could materially adversely affect our business,
 financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Some of our solutions contain software licensed from third
 parties. Some of these licenses may not be available to us in
 the future on terms that are acceptable to us or allow our
 products to remain competitive. The loss of these licenses or
 the inability to maintain any of them on commercially acceptable
 terms could delay development of future products or the
 enhancement of existing products. We may also choose to pay a
 premium price for such a license in certain circumstances where
 continuity of the licensed product would outweigh the premium
 cost of the license. The unavailability of these licenses or the
 necessity of agreeing to commercially unreasonable terms for
 such licenses could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Certain
 software we use is from open source code sources, which, under
 certain circumstances, may lead to unintended consequences and,
 therefore, could materially adversely affect our business,
 financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Some of our products contain software from open source code
 sources. The use of such open source code may subject us to
 certain conditions, including the obligation to offer our
 products that use open source code for no cost. We monitor our
 use of such open source code to avoid subjecting our products to
 conditions we do not intend. However, the use of such open
 source code may ultimately subject some of our products to
 unintended conditions, which could require us to take remedial
 action that may divert resources away from our development
 efforts and therefore could have a material adverse effect on
 our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
 flow.

 Discovery
 of errors in our software could materially adversely affect our
 revenue and earnings and subject us to costly and time consuming
 product liability claims.

 The software products we offer are inherently complex. Despite
 testing and quality control, we cannot be certain that errors
 will not be found in current versions, new versions or
 enhancements of our products after commencement of commercial
 shipments. If new or existing customers have difficulty
 deploying our products or require significant amounts of
 customer support, our operating margins could be adversely
 affected. Moreover, we could face possible claims and higher
 development costs if our software contains errors that we have
 not detected or if our software otherwise fails to meet our
 customers’ expectations. Significant technical challenges
 also arise with our products because our customers license and
 deploy our products across a variety of computer platforms and
 integrate them with a number of third-party software
 applications and databases. These combinations increase our risk
 further because, in the event of a system-wide failure, it may
 be difficult to determine which product is at fault. As a
 result, we may be harmed by the failure of another
 supplier’s products. As a result of the foregoing, we could
 experience:

 • 

 Loss of or delay in revenue and loss of market share;

 • 

 Loss of customers, including the inability to obtain repeat
 business with existing key customers;

 • 

 Damage to our reputation;

 • 

 Failure to achieve market acceptance;

 • 

 Diversion of development resources;

 • 

 Increased service and warranty costs;

 • 

 Legal actions by customers against us that could, whether or not
 successful, be costly, distracting and time-consuming;

 • 

 Increased insurance costs; and

 • 

 Failure to successfully complete service engagements for product
 installations and implementations.

 13

Table of Contents

 Consequently, the discovery of errors in our products after
 delivery could have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 We
 have a significant amount of debt. Changes in market conditions
 or our ratings could increase our interest costs and adversely
 affect the cost of refinancing our debt and our ability to
 refinance our debt, which could materially adversely affect our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 As of March 31, 2010, we had $1,545 million of debt
 outstanding, consisting mostly of unsecured fixed-rate senior
 note obligations and credit facility borrowings. Refer to
 Note 8, “Debt,” in the Notes to the Consolidated
 Financial Statements for the payment schedule of our long-term
 debt obligations. Our senior unsecured notes are rated by
 Moody’s Investors Service, Fitch Ratings, and Standard and
 Poor’s. These agencies or any other credit rating agency
 could downgrade or take other negative action with respect to
 our credit ratings in the future. If our credit ratings were
 downgraded or other negative action is taken, we would be
 required to, among other things, pay additional interest on
 outstanding borrowings under our principal revolving credit
 agreement. Any downgrades could affect our ability to obtain
 additional financing in the future and may affect the terms of
 any such financing.

 We expect that existing cash, cash equivalents, marketable
 securities, cash provided from operations and our bank credit
 facilities will be sufficient to meet ongoing cash requirements.
 However, our failure to generate sufficient cash as our debt
 becomes due or to renew credit lines prior to their expiration
 could materially adversely affect our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Failure
 to protect our intellectual property rights and source code
 would weaken our competitive position.

 Our future success is highly dependent upon our proprietary
 technology, including our software and our source code for that
 software. Failure to protect such technology could lead to the
 loss of valuable assets and our competitive advantage. We
 protect our proprietary information through the use of patents,
 copyrights, trademarks, trade secret laws, confidentiality
 procedures and contractual provisions. Notwithstanding our
 efforts to protect our proprietary rights, policing unauthorized
 use or copying of our proprietary information is difficult.
 Unauthorized use or copying occurs from time to time and
 litigation to enforce intellectual property rights could result
 in significant costs and diversion of resources. Moreover, the
 laws of some foreign jurisdictions do not afford the same degree
 of protection to our proprietary rights as do the laws of the
 United States. For example, for some of our products, we rely on
 “shrink-wrap” or “click-on” licenses, which
 may be unenforceable in whole or in part in some jurisdictions
 in which we operate. In addition, patents we have obtained may
 be circumvented, challenged, invalidated or designed around by
 other companies. If we do not adequately protect our
 intellectual property for these or other reasons, our business,
 financial condition, operating results and cash flow could be
 materially adversely affected. Refer to “Item 1,
 Business — (c) Narrative Description of the
 Business — Patents and Trademarks,” for
 additional information.

 The
 number, terms and duration of our license agreements as well as
 the timing of orders from our customers and channel partners,
 may cause fluctuations in some of our key financial metrics,
 which may affect our quarterly financial results.

 Historically, a substantial portion of our license agreements
 are executed in the last month of a quarter and the number of
 contracts executed during a given quarter can vary
 substantially. In addition, we experience a historically long
 sales cycle, which is driven in part by the varying terms and
 conditions of our software contracts. These factors can make it
 difficult for us to predict bookings and cash flow on a
 quarterly basis. Any failure or delay in executing new or
 renewed license agreements in a given quarter could cause
 declines in some of our key financial metrics (e.g.,
 bookings or cash flow), and, accordingly, increases the risk of
 unanticipated variations in our quarterly results and financial
 condition.

 We
 may become dependent upon large transactions, and the failure to
 close such transactions on a satisfactory basis could materially
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
 results and cash flow.

 In the past, we have been dependent upon large-dollar enterprise
 transactions with individual customers. There can be no
 assurances that we will not be reliant on large-dollar
 enterprise transactions in the future, and the failure to close
 those transactions on terms that are commercially attractive to
 us could materially adversely affect our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

 14

Table of Contents

 Our
 sales to government clients subject us to risks, including early
 termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties.

 Approximately 9% of our total revenue backlog as of
 March 31, 2010 is associated with multi-year contracts
 signed with the U.S. federal government and other
 U.S. state and local governmental agencies. These contracts
 are generally subject to annual fiscal funding approval, may be
 terminated at the convenience of the government, or both.
 Termination of a contract or funding for a contract could
 adversely affect our sales, revenue and reputation.
 Additionally, government contracts are generally subject to
 audits and investigations, which could result in various civil
 and criminal penalties and administrative sanctions, including
 termination of contracts, refund of a portion of fees received,
 forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and
 suspensions or debarment from doing business with the
 government, which could materially adversely affect our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Our
 customers’ data centers and IT environments may be subject
 to hacking or other breaches, harming the market perception of
 the effectiveness of our products.

 If an actual or perceived breach of our customers’ network
 security occurs, allowing access to our customers’ data
 centers or other parts of their IT environments, regardless of
 whether the breach is attributable to our products, the market
 perception of the effectiveness of our products could be harmed.
 Because the techniques used by computer hackers to access or
 sabotage networks change frequently and may not be recognized
 until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate
 these techniques.

 Alleviating any of these problems could require significant
 expenditures of our capital and diversion of our resources from
 development efforts. Additionally, these efforts could cause
 interruptions, delays or cessation of our product licensing, or
 modification of our software, which could cause us to lose
 existing or potential customers, which could materially
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
 results and cash flow.

 Our
 software products, data centers and IT environments may be
 subject to hacking or other breaches, harming the market
 perception of the effectiveness of our products.

 We expect to be an ongoing target of attacks specifically
 designed to impede the performance of our products. Similarly,
 experienced computer programmers, or hackers, may attempt to
 penetrate our network security or the security of our data
 centers and IT environments and misappropriate proprietary
 information or cause interruptions of our services. Although we
 believe we have sufficient controls in place to prevent
 significant external disruptions, if these intentionally
 disruptive efforts are successful, our activities could be
 adversely affected, our reputation and future sales could be
 harmed and our business, financial condition, operating results
 and cash flow could be materially adversely affected.

 We
 may lose access to third-party code and specifications for the
 development of code, which could materially adversely affect our
 ability to develop software compatible with third-party software
 products in the future.

 In the past, we have either directly licensed from third
 parties, or used within the scope of our customer’s
 license, code and information for third-party software and
 hardware that enables us to develop compatible products and
 interfaces. Such code and information includes: “source
 code,” which is human-readable and makes the software
 understandable to programmers; “object code,” which is
 machine-readable and can be directly executed by a computer;
 beta and evaluation software; microcode and firmware that
 implement machine instructions on hardware; and technical
 documentation. Since the availability of this code and
 information facilitated the development of systems and
 applications software that interfaces with the third-party
 software and hardware, independent software vendors, such as us,
 were able to develop and market compatible software. Some
 software providers and hardware manufacturers, including some of
 the largest vendors, have a policy of restricting the use or
 availability of their code or technical documentation for some
 of their operating systems, applications, or hardware. To date,
 this policy has not had a material effect on us. Some companies,
 however, may adopt more restrictive policies in the future or
 impose unfavorable terms and conditions for such access. These
 restrictions may, in the future, result in higher research and
 development costs for us in connection with the enhancement and
 modification of our existing products and the development of new
 products. There can be no assurance that such restrictions will
 not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

 15

Table of Contents

 Third
 parties could claim that our products infringe their
 intellectual property rights or that we owe royalty payments,
 which could result in significant litigation expense or
 settlement with unfavorable terms, which could materially
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
 results and cash flow.

 From time to time, third parties have claimed and may claim that
 our products infringe various forms of their intellectual
 property or that we owe royalty payments to them. Investigation
 of these claims can be expensive and could affect development,
 marketing or shipment of our products. As the number of software
 patents issued increases, it is likely that additional claims
 will be asserted. Defending against such claims is
 time-consuming and could result in significant litigation
 expense or settlement on unfavorable terms, which could
 materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flow.

 Fluctuations
 in foreign currencies could result in translation losses.

 Our consolidated financial results are reported in
 U.S. dollars. Most of the revenue and expenses of our
 foreign subsidiaries are denominated in local currencies. Given
 that cash is typically received over an extended period of time
 for many of our license agreements and given that a substantial
 portion of our revenue is generated outside of the U.S., foreign
 currency fluctuations could result in substantial changes in
 reported revenues and operating results due to the foreign
 currency impact upon translation of these transactions into
 U.S. dollars.

 In the normal course of business, we employ various strategies
 to manage these risks, including the use of derivative
 instruments. To the extent that these strategies do not manage
 all of the risks inherent in our foreign exchange exposures
 cause our earnings and expenses to fluctuate more than they
 would have had these strategies not been employed, fluctuations
 of the exchange rates of foreign currencies against the
 U.S. dollar could materially adversely affect our business,
 financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Failure
 by us to execute our restructuring plans successfully could
 result in total costs that are greater than expected or revenues
 that are less than anticipated.

 We have announced restructuring plans, which include workforce
 reductions as well as global facility consolidations and other
 cost reduction initiatives. We may have further workforce
 reductions or restructuring actions in the future. Risks
 associated with these actions and other workforce management
 issues include delays in implementation of anticipated workforce
 reductions, changes in restructuring plans that increase or
 decrease the number of employees affected, adverse effects on
 employee morale and the failure to meet operational targets due
 to the loss of employees, any of which may impair our ability to
 achieve anticipated cost reductions or may otherwise harm our
 business, which could materially adversely affect our financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

 We
 have outsourced various functions to third parties and these
 arrangements may not be successful, thereby resulting in
 increased costs, or may adversely affect service levels and our
 public reporting.

 We have outsourced various functions to third parties including
 certain development and other administrative functions and may
 outsource additional functions to third-party providers in the
 future. We rely on those third parties to provide services on a
 timely and effective basis. Although we periodically monitor the
 performance of these third parties and maintain contingency
 plans in case the third parties are unable to perform as agreed,
 we do not ultimately control the performance of our outsourcing
 partners. The failure of third-party outsourcing partners to
 perform as expected or as required by contract could result in
 significant disruptions and costs to our operations, which could
 materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flow and our ability to file our
 financial statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 timely or accurately.

 Potential
 tax liabilities may materially adversely affect our results.

 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and in
 numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required
 in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the
 ordinary course of our business, we engage in many transactions
 and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is
 uncertain. We are regularly under audit by tax authorities.
 Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final
 determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be
 materially different from that which is reflected in our income
 tax provisions and accruals. Additional tax assessments
 resulting from audit, litigation, or changes in tax laws may
 result in increased tax provisions or payments which could
 materially adversely affect our financial condition, operating
 results and cash flow in the period or periods in which that
 determination is made.

 16

Table of Contents