Current and potential stockholders should consider carefully the
 described below. Any of these factors, or others,
 many of which are beyond our control, could materially adversely
 affect our business, financial condition, operating results and
 cash flow.

 Our
 operating results are subject to fluctuations caused by many
 factors associated with our industry and the markets for our
 products which, in turn, may individually and collectively
 affect our revenue, profitability and cash flow in adverse and
 unpredictable ways.

 Quarterly and annual results of operations are affected by a
 number of factors associated with our industry and the markets
 for our products, including those listed below, which in turn
 could materially adversely affect our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow in the future.

 • 

 The rate of adoption of new product technologies and demand for
 products and services;

 • 

 Length of our sales cycle to our customers;

 • 

 Customer difficulty in implementation of our products;

 • 

 Magnitude of price and product or services competition;

 • 

 Introduction of new hardware by manufacturers of computer
 hardware systems used by most of our customers;

 • 

 General economic conditions in countries and industries in which
 we do a substantial amount of business;

 • 

 Changes in foreign currency exchange rates;

 • 

 Ability to control costs;

 • 

 The number and terms and conditions of licensing transactions;

 • 

 Workforce reorganizations in various locations around the world,
 including reorganizations of sales, technical services, finance,
 human resources and facilities functions;

 9

Table of Contents

 • 

 Timing and impact of “threat” outbreaks (e.g.,
 computer software worms and viruses);

 • 

 The results of litigation;

 • 

 Ability to retain and attract qualified personnel; and

 • 

 The markets for some or all of our products may not grow as we
 expect.

 Any of the foregoing factors, among others, may cause our
 operating expenses to be disproportionately high, or cause our
 revenue and operating results to fluctuate. As a consequence,
 our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
 flow could be materially adversely affected. For a discussion of
 certain factors that could affect our cash flow in the future,
 for example, please see Item 7, “Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations — Liquidity and Capital
 Resources — Sources and Uses of Cash.”

 The
 timing of orders from customers and channel partners may cause
 fluctuations in some of our key financial metrics which may
 affect our quarterly financial results and stock price.

 Historically, a substantial portion of our license agreements
 are executed in the last month of a quarter. Any failure or
 delay in executing new or renewed license agreements in a given
 quarter could cause fluctuations in some of our key financial
 metrics (e.g., new deferred subscription value or cash
 flow), which could have a material adverse effect on our
 quarterly financial results. Our historically uneven sales
 pattern also makes it difficult to predict future new deferred
 subscription value and cash flow for each period and,
 accordingly, increases the risk of unanticipated variations in
 our quarterly results and financial condition. If we do not
 achieve our forecasted results for a particular period, our
 stock price could decline significantly.

 Given
 the global nature of our business, economic factors or political
 events beyond our control and other business risks associated
 with foreign operations can affect our business in unpredictable
 ways.

 International revenue has historically represented a significant
 percentage of our total worldwide revenue. Continued success in
 selling and developing our products outside the United States
 will depend on a variety of factors, including:

 • 

 Workforce reorganizations in various locations around the world,
 including reorganizations of sales, technical services, finance,
 human resources and facilities functions;

 • 

 Fluctuations in foreign exchange currency rates;

 • 

 Staffing key managerial positions;

 • 

 The ability to successfully localize software products for a
 significant number of international markets;

 • 

 More restrictive employment regulation;

 • 

 General economic conditions;

 • 

 Political instability;

 • 

 Trade restrictions such as tariffs, duties, taxes or other
 controls;

 • 

 International intellectual property laws, which may be more
 restrictive or may offer lower levels of protection; and

 • 

 Compliance with differing and changing local laws and
 regulations in multiple international locations as well as
 compliance with United States law and regulations where
 applicable in these international locations.

 Any of the foregoing factors, among others, could materially
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
 results and cash flow.

 Changes
 to the compensation of our sales organization could materially
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
 results and cash flow.

 We may change our compensation plans for the sales organization
 from time to time in order to align the sales force with the
 Company’s economic interests. Under the terms of CA’s
 Incentive Compensation Plan (Incentive Compensation Plan),
 management retains broad discretion to change various aspects of
 the Incentive Compensation Plan such as sales quotas or
 territory assignments, to ensure that the plan is aligned with
 CA’s overall business objectives. However, the

 10

Table of Contents

 laws of many of the countries and states in which CA operates
 impose limitations on the amount of discretion a company’s
 management may exercise on compensation matters such as
 commissions. The Incentive Compensation Plan itself, or changes
 made by management where CA exercises discretion to change the
 Incentive Compensation Plan, may lead to outcomes that are not
 anticipated or intended and may impact our cost of doing
 business, employee morale,
 and/or other
 performance metrics, all of which could materially adversely
 affect our business, financial condition, operating results and
 cash flow.

 Changes
 to our sales force coverage model and organization could
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
 results, and cash flow.

 In the past, we made substantial changes to our sales
 organization and sales coverage model. See Item 1,
 “Business — (c) Description of the
 Business — Sales and Marketing” for more
 information. The purpose of these changes was to enable the
 Company to increase its sales of new products and solutions to
 new and existing customers while protecting the Company’s
 installed base. In addition, these changes may require our sales
 force to acquire new skills and knowledge and to assume
 different roles. These changes are ongoing in fiscal 2009 as we
 continue to refine our go-to-market strategy in selected
 geographic markets. Any of these changes may lead to outcomes
 that are not anticipated or intended and may adversely affect
 the performance of our sales force and thus our cost of doing
 business, employee morale, or other performance metrics, all of
 which could materially adversely affect our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Failure
 to expand our channel partner programs related to the sale of CA
 solutions may result in lost sales opportunities, increases in
 expenses and weakening in our competitive position.

 We sell CA solutions through systems integrators and value-added
 resellers in channel partner programs that require training and
 expertise to sell these solutions, and global penetration to
 grow these aspects of our business. The failure to expand these
 channel partner programs and penetrate these markets could
 materially adversely affect our success with channel partners,
 resulting in lost sales opportunities and an increase in
 expenses, as well as weaken our competitive position.

 If
 we do not adequately manage and evolve our financial reporting
 and managerial systems and processes, including the successful
 implementation of our enterprise resource planning software, our
 ability to manage and grow our business may be harmed.

 Our ability to successfully implement our business plan and
 comply with regulations requires effective planning and
 management systems and processes. We need to continue to improve
 existing and implement new operational and financial systems,
 procedures and controls to manage our business effectively in
 the future. As a result, we have licensed enterprise resource
 planning software and are in the process of expanding and
 upgrading our operational and financial systems. Any delay in
 the implementation of, or disruption in the transition to, our
 new or enhanced systems, procedures or internal controls, could
 adversely affect our ability to accurately forecast sales
 demand, manage our supply chain, achieve accuracy in the
 conversion of electronic data and records, and report financial
 and management information, including the filing of our
 quarterly or annual reports with the SEC, on a timely and
 accurate basis. Failure to properly or adequately address these
 issues could result in the diversion of management’s
 attention and resources, adversely affect our ability to manage
 our business and materially adversely affect our business,
 financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. Refer
 to Item 9A, “Controls and Procedures,” for
 further information.

 We
 may encounter difficulties in successfully integrating companies
 and products that we have acquired or may acquire into our
 existing business and, therefore, such failed integration could
 materially adversely affect our infrastructure, market presence,
 or results of operations.

 We have in the past and expect in the future to acquire
 complementary companies, products, services and technologies
 (including through mergers, asset acquisitions, joint ventures,
 partnerships, strategic alliances, and equity investments). The
 risks we may encounter include:

 • 

 We may find that the acquired company or assets do not further
 improve our financial and strategic position as planned;

 11

Table of Contents

 • 

 We may have difficulty integrating the operations, facilities,
 personnel and commission plans of the acquired business;

 • 

 We may have difficulty forecasting or reporting results
 subsequent to acquisitions;

 • 

 We may have difficulty retaining the technical skills needed to
 provide services on the acquired products;

 • 

 We may have difficulty incorporating the acquired technologies
 or products with our existing product lines;

 • 

 We may have product liability, customer liability or
 intellectual property liability associated with the sale of the
 acquired company’s products;

 • 

 Our ongoing business may be disrupted by transition or
 integration issues; our management’s attention may be
 diverted from other business concerns;

 • 

 We may be unable to obtain timely approvals from governmental
 authorities under applicable competition and antitrust laws;

 • 

 We may have difficulty maintaining uniform standards, controls,
 procedures and policies;

 • 

 Our relationships with current and new employees, customers and
 distributors could be impaired; the acquisition may result in
 increased litigation risk, including litigation from terminated
 employees or third parties;

 • 

 We may have difficulty with determinations related to accounting
 matters, including those that require a high degree of judgment
 or complex estimation processes, including valuation and
 accounting for goodwill and intangible assets, stock-based
 compensation, and income tax matters; and

 • 

 Our due diligence process may fail to identify significant
 issues with the target company’s product quality, financial
 disclosures, accounting practices, internal control
 deficiencies, including material weaknesses, product
 architecture, legal contingencies and other matters.

 These factors could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
 flow, particularly in the case of a large acquisition or number
 of acquisitions. To the extent we issue shares of stock or other
 rights to purchase stock, including options, to pay for
 acquisitions or to retain employees, existing stockholders’
 interests may be diluted and earnings per share may decrease.

 We
 are subject to intense competition in product and service
 offerings and pricing, and we expect to face increased
 competition in the future, which could diminish demand for our
 products and, therefore, reduce our sales, revenue and market
 presence.

 The markets for our products are intensely competitive, and we
 expect product and service offerings and pricing competition to
 increase. Some of our competitors have longer operating
 histories, greater name recognition, a larger installed base of
 customers in any particular market niche, larger technical
 staffs, established relationships with hardware vendors or
 greater financial, technical and marketing resources.
 Competitors for our various products include large technology
 companies. We also face competition from numerous smaller
 companies that specialize in specific aspects of the highly
 fragmented software industry and shareware authors that may
 develop competing products. In addition, new companies enter the
 market on a frequent and regular basis, offering products that
 compete with those offered by us. Moreover, many customers
 historically have developed their own products that compete with
 those offered by us. The competition may affect our ability to
 attract and retain the technical skills needed to provide
 services to our customers, forcing us to become more reliant on
 delivery of services through third parties. This, in turn, could
 increase operating costs and decrease our revenue, profitability
 and cash flow. Additionally, competition from any of these
 sources can result in price reductions or displacement of our
 products, which could have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Our competitors include large vendors of hardware or operating
 system software
 and/or
 service providers. The widespread inclusion of products that
 perform the same or similar functions as our products bundled
 within computer hardware or other companies’ software
 products, or services similar to those provided by us, could
 reduce the perceived need for our products and services, or
 render our products obsolete and unmarketable. Furthermore, even
 if these incorporated products are inferior or more limited than
 our products, customers may elect to accept the incorporated

 12

Table of Contents

 products rather than purchase our products. In addition, the
 software industry is currently undergoing consolidation as
 software companies seek to offer more extensive suites and
 broader arrays of software products and services, as well as
 integrated software and hardware solutions. This consolidation
 may negatively impact our competitive position, which could
 materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flow. Refer to Item 1,
 “Business — (c) Narrative Description of the
 Business — Competition,” for additional
 information.

 Our
 business may suffer if we are not able to retain and attract
 adequate qualified personnel, including key managerial,
 technical, marketing and sales personnel.

 We operate in a business where there is intense competition for
 experienced personnel in all of our global markets. We depend on
 our ability to identify, recruit, hire, train, develop and
 retain qualified and effective personnel. Our ability to do so
 depends on numerous factors, including factors that we cannot
 control, such as competition and conditions in the local
 employment markets in which we operate. Our future success
 depends in large part on the continued contribution of our
 senior management and other key employees. A loss of a
 significant number of skilled managerial or personnel could have
 a negative effect on the quality of our products. A loss of a
 significant number of experienced and effective sales personnel
 could result in fewer sales of our products. Our failure to
 retain adequate employees in these categories could materially
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
 results and cash flow.

 Failure
 to adapt to technological change in a timely manner could
 materially adversely affect our revenue and earnings.

 If we fail to keep pace with technological change in our
 industry, such failure would have an adverse effect on our
 revenue and earnings. We operate in a highly competitive
 industry characterized by rapid technological change, evolving
 industry standards, changes in customer requirements and
 frequent new product introductions and enhancements. During the
 past several years, many new technological advancements and
 competing products entered the marketplace. The distributed
 systems and application management markets in which we operate
 are far more crowded and competitive than our traditional
 mainframe systems management markets.

 Our ability to compete effectively and our growth prospects for
 all of our products depend upon many factors, including the
 success of our existing distributed systems products, the timely
 introduction and success of future software products, and the
 ability of our products to perform well with existing and future
 leading databases and other platforms supported by our products.
 We have experienced long development cycles and product delays
 in the past, particularly with some of our distributed systems
 products, and expect to have delays in the future. In addition,
 we have incurred, and expect to continue to incur, significant
 research and development costs, as we introduce new products. If
 there are delays in new product introductions or
 less-than-anticipated market acceptance of these new products,
 we will have invested substantial resources without realizing
 adequate revenues in return, which could materially adversely
 affect our financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 If
 our products do not remain compatible with ever-changing
 operating environments we could lose customers and the demand
 for our products and services could decrease, which could
 materially adversely affect our financial condition, operating
 results and cash flow.

 The largest suppliers of systems and computing software are, in
 most cases, the manufacturers of the computer hardware systems
 used by most of our customers. Historically, these companies
 have from time to time modified or introduced new operating
 systems, systems software and computer hardware. In the future,
 such new products from these companies could incorporate
 features that perform functions currently performed by our
 products, or could require substantial modification of our
 products to maintain compatibility with these companies’
 hardware or software. Although we have to date been able to
 adapt our products and our business to changes introduced by
 hardware manufacturers and system software developers, there can
 be no assurance that we will be able to do so in the future.
 Failure to adapt our products in a timely manner to such changes
 or customer decisions to forgo the use of our products in favor
 of those with comparable functionality contained either in the
 hardware or operating system could have a material adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition, operating results
 and cash flow.

 13

Table of Contents

 Certain
 software that we use in daily operations is licensed from third
 parties and thus may not be available to us in the future, which
 has the potential to delay product development and production
 and, therefore, could materially adversely affect our financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Some of our solutions contain software licensed from third
 parties. Some of these licenses may not be available to us in
 the future on terms that are acceptable to us or allow our
 products to remain competitive. The loss of these licenses or
 the inability to maintain any of them on commercially acceptable
 terms could delay development of future products or the
 enhancement of existing products. We may also choose to pay a
 premium price for such a license in certain circumstances where
 continuity of the licensed product would outweigh the premium
 cost of the license. There can be no assurance that, at a given
 point of time, any of the above will not have a material adverse
 effect on our business, financial condition, operating results
 and cash flow.

 Certain
 software we use is from open source code sources, which, under
 certain circumstances, may lead to unintended consequences and,
 therefore, could materially adversely affect our business,
 financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Some of our products contain software from open source code
 sources. The use of such open source code may subject us to
 certain conditions, including the obligation to offer our
 products that use open source code for no cost. We monitor our
 use of such open source code to avoid subjecting our products to
 conditions we do not intend. However, the use of such open
 source code may ultimately subject some of our products to
 unintended conditions, so that we are required to take remedial
 action that may divert resources away from our development
 efforts. We believe that the use of such open source code will
 not have a significant impact on our operations and that our
 products will be viable after any remediation efforts. However,
 there can be no assurance that future conditions involving such
 open source code will not have a material adverse effect on our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Discovery
 of errors in our software could materially adversely affect our
 revenue and earnings and subject us to product liability claims,
 which may be costly and time consuming.

 The software products we offer are inherently complex. Despite
 testing and quality control, we cannot be certain that errors
 will not be found in current versions, new versions or
 enhancements of our products after commencement of commercial
 shipments. If new or existing customers have difficulty
 deploying our products or require significant amounts of
 customer support, our operating margins could be adversely
 affected. Moreover, we could face possible claims and higher
 development costs if our software contains undetected errors or
 if we fail to meet our customers’ expectations. Significant
 technical challenges also arise with our products because our
 customers purchase and deploy our products across a variety of
 computer platforms and integrate them with a number of
 third-party software applications and databases. These
 combinations increase our risk further because in the event of a
 system-wide failure, it may be difficult to determine which
 product is at fault; thus, we may be harmed by the failure of
 another supplier’s products. As a result of the foregoing,
 we could experience:

 • 

 Loss of or delay in revenue and loss of market share;

 • 

 Loss of customers, including the inability to do repeat business
 with existing key customers;

 • 

 Damage to our reputation;

 • 

 Failure to achieve market acceptance;

 • 

 Diversion of development resources;

 • 

 Increased service and warranty costs;

 • 

 Legal actions by customers against us that could, whether or not
 successful, increase our costs and distract our management;

 • 

 Increased insurance costs; and

 • 

 Failure to successfully complete service engagements for product
 installations and implementations.

 In addition, a product liability claim, whether or not
 successful, could be time-consuming and costly and thus could
 have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

 14

Table of Contents

 Our
 credit ratings have been downgraded in the past and could be
 downgraded further, which would require us to pay additional
 interest under our principal revolving credit agreement and
 could adversely affect our ability to borrow in the future.

 Our senior unsecured notes are rated by Moody’s Investors
 Service, Fitch Ratings, and Standard and Poor’s. These
 agencies or any other credit rating agency may downgrade or take
 other negative action with respect to our credit ratings in the
 future. If our credit ratings are downgraded or other negative
 action is taken, we would be required to, among other things,
 pay additional interest on outstanding borrowings under our
 principal revolving credit agreement. Any downgrades could
 affect our ability to obtain additional financing in the future
 and may affect the terms of any such financing. This could have
 a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flow.

 We
 have a significant amount of debt, and failure to generate
 sufficient cash as our debt becomes due or to renew credit lines
 prior to their expiration could materially adversely affect our
 business, financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 As of March 31, 2008, we had $2.6 billion of debt
 outstanding, consisting of unsecured fixed-rate senior note
 obligations, convertible senior notes, and credit facility
 borrowings. Refer to Item 7, “Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations — Contractual Obligations and
 Commitments,” for the payment schedule of our long-term
 debt obligations, inclusive of interest. We expect that existing
 cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities, cash provided
 from operations and our bank credit facilities will be
 sufficient to meet ongoing cash requirements. However, failure
 to generate sufficient cash as our debt becomes due or to renew
 credit lines prior to their expiration could materially
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
 results and cash flow.

 Failure
 to protect our intellectual property rights and source code
 would weaken our competitive position.

 Our future success is highly dependent upon our proprietary
 technology, including our software and our source code for such
 software. Failure to protect such technology could lead to our
 loss of valuable assets and competitive advantage. We protect
 our proprietary information through the use of patents,
 copyrights, trademarks, trade secret laws, confidentiality
 procedures and contractual provisions. Notwithstanding our
 efforts to protect our proprietary rights, policing unauthorized
 use or copying of our proprietary information is difficult.
 Unauthorized use or copying occurs from time to time and
 litigation to enforce intellectual property rights could result
 in significant costs and diversion of resources. Moreover, the
 laws of some foreign jurisdictions do not afford the same degree
 of protection to our proprietary rights as do the laws of the
 United States. For example, for some of our products, we rely on
 “shrink-wrap” or “click-on” licenses, which
 may be unenforceable in whole or in part in some jurisdictions
 in which we operate. In addition, patents we have obtained may
 be circumvented, challenged, invalidated or designed around by
 other companies. If we do not adequately protect our
 intellectual property for these or other reasons, our business,
 financial condition, operating results and cash flow could be
 materially adversely affected. Refer to “Item 1,
 Business — (c) Narrative Description of the
 Business — Technological Expertise,” for
 additional information.

 We
 may become dependent upon large transactions, and the failure to
 close such transactions on a satisfactory basis could materially
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
 results and cash flow.

 In the past, we have been dependent upon large-dollar enterprise
 transactions with individual customers. There can be no
 assurances that we will not be reliant on large-dollar
 enterprise transactions in the future, and the failure to close
 such transactions on commercially attractive terms to us could
 materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flow.

 Our
 sales to government clients subject us to risks, including early
 termination, audits, investigations, sanctions and penalties.

 Approximately 8% of our total deferred subscription value as of
 March 31, 2008 is associated with multi-year contracts
 signed with the U.S. federal government and other
 U.S. state and local governmental agencies. These contracts
 are generally subject to annual fiscal funding approval
 and/or may
 be terminated at the convenience of the government. Termination
 of a contract or funding for a contract could adversely affect
 our sales, revenue and reputation. Additionally, government
 contracts are generally subject to audits and investigations,
 which could result in various civil and criminal

 15

Table of Contents

 penalties and administrative sanctions, including termination of
 contracts, refund of a portion of fees received, forfeiture of
 profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspensions or
 debarment from doing business with the government.

 Our
 customers’ data centers and IT environments may be subject
 to hacking or other breaches, harming the market perception of
 the effectiveness of our products.

 If an actual or perceived breach of our customers’ network
 security occurs, allowing access to our customers’ data
 centers or other parts of their IT environments, regardless of
 whether the breach is attributable to our products, the market
 perception of the effectiveness of our products could be harmed.
 Because the techniques used by computer hackers to access or
 sabotage networks change frequently and may not be recognized
 until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate
 these techniques. Alleviating any of these problems could
 require significant expenditures of our capital and diversion of
 our resources from development efforts. Additionally, these
 efforts could cause interruptions, delays or cessation of our
 product licensing, or modification of our software, which could
 cause us to lose existing or potential customers, which could
 materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flow.

 Our
 software products, data centers and IT environments may be
 subject to hacking or other breaches, harming the market
 perception of the effectiveness of our products.

 Although we believe we have sufficient controls in place to
 prevent intentional disruptions, we expect to be an ongoing
 target of attacks specifically designed to impede the
 performance of our products. Similarly, experienced computer
 programmers, or hackers, may attempt to penetrate our network
 security or the security of our data centers and IT environments
 and misappropriate proprietary information or cause
 interruptions of our services. If these intentionally disruptive
 efforts are successful, our activities could be adversely
 affected, our reputation and future sales could be harmed and
 our business, financial condition, operating results and cash
 flow could be materially adversely affected.

 General
 economic conditions may lead our customers to delay or forgo
 technology upgrades which could adversely affect our business,
 financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Our products are designed to improve the productivity and
 efficiency of our customers’ information processing
 resources. However, a general slowdown in the world economy or a
 particular region, or business or industry sector (such as the
 financial services sector), particularly with respect to
 discretionary spending for software, could cause customers to
 delay or forgo decisions to license new products, to upgrade
 their existing environments or to acquire services, which could
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
 results and cash flow.

 The
 use of third-party microcode could negatively affect our product
 development.

 We anticipate ongoing use of microcode or firmware provided by
 hardware manufacturers. Microcode and firmware are essentially
 software programs embedded in hardware and are, therefore, less
 flexible than other types of software. We believe that such
 continued use will not have a significant impact on our
 operations and that our products will remain compatible with any
 changes to such code. However, there can be no assurance that
 future technological developments involving such microcode will
 not have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

 We
 may lose access to third-party operating systems, which could
 materially adversely affect future product development.

 In the past, certain of our licensees using proprietary
 operating systems were furnished with “source code,”
 which makes the operating system understandable to programmers;
 or “object code,” which directly controls the
 hardware; and other technical documentation. Since the
 availability of source code facilitated the development of
 systems and applications software, which must interface with the
 operating systems, independent software vendors, such as us,
 were able to develop and market compatible software. Other
 vendors, including some of the largest vendors, have a policy of
 restricting the use or availability of the source code for some
 of their operating systems. To date, this policy has not had a
 material effect on us. Some companies, however, may adopt more
 restrictive policies in the future or impose unfavorable terms
 and conditions for such access. These restrictions may, in the
 future, result in higher research and development costs for us
 in connection with the enhancement and modification of our
 existing products and the development of new products. Although
 we do not expect that such restrictions will have this adverse
 effect, there can

 16

Table of Contents

 be no assurances that such restrictions or other restrictions
 will not have a material adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Third
 parties could claim that our products infringe their
 intellectual property rights or that we owe royalty payments,
 which could result in significant litigation expense or
 settlement with unfavorable terms, which could materially
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
 results and cash flow.

 From time to time third parties may claim that our products
 infringe various forms of their intellectual property or that we
 owe royalty payments to them. Investigation of these claims,
 whether with or without merit, can be expensive and could affect
 development, marketing or shipment of our products. As the
 number of software patents issued increases, it is likely that
 additional claims, with or without merit, will be asserted.
 Defending against such claims is time-consuming and could result
 in significant litigation expense or settlement with unfavorable
 terms, which could materially adversely affect our business,
 financial condition, operating results and cash flow.

 Fluctuations
 in foreign currencies could result in translation losses.

 Most of the revenue and expenses of our foreign subsidiaries are
 denominated in local currencies. Given the relatively long sales
 cycle that is typical for many of our products and that a
 substantial portion of our revenue is generated outside of the
 U.S., foreign currency fluctuations could result in substantial
 changes due to the foreign currency impact upon translation of
 these transactions into U.S. dollars.

 In the normal course of business, we employ various strategies
 to manage these risks, including the use of derivative
 instruments. To the extent that these strategies do not manage
 all of the risks inherent in our foreign exchange exposures or
 that these strategies may cause our earnings and expenses to
 fluctuate more than they would have had these strategies not
 been employed, fluctuations of the exchange rates of foreign
 currencies against the U.S. dollar could materially
 adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
 results and cash flow.

 Our
 stock price is subject to significant fluctuations.

 Our stock price is subject to significant fluctuations in
 reaction to variations in quarterly operating and financial
 results, the gain or loss of significant license agreements,
 changes in our public forecasts of operating and financial
 results, changes in investment analysts’ estimates of our
 operating and financial results, announcements related to
 accounting issues, announcements of technological innovations or
 new products by us or our competitors, changes in domestic and
 international economic and business conditions, general
 conditions in the software and computer industries and other
 events or factors. In addition, the stock market in general has
 experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have
 affected the market price of many companies in industries that
 are similar or related to those in which we operate and that
 have been unrelated to the operating performance of these
 companies. These market fluctuations have from time to time in
 the past adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect
 the market price of our common stock, which in turn could
 adversely affect the value of our stock-based compensation and
 our ability to retain and attract key employees, which could
 materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flow.

 Any
 failure by us to execute our restructuring plans and related
 sales model changes successfully could result in total costs
 that are greater than expected or revenues that are less than
 anticipated.

 We have announced restructuring plans, which include workforce
 reductions as well as global facility consolidations and other
 cost reduction initiatives. We may have further workforce
 reductions or restructuring actions in the future. Risks
 associated with these actions and other workforce management
 issues include delays in implementation of anticipated workforce
 reductions, changes in restructuring plans that increase or
 decrease the number of employees affected, decreases in employee
 morale and the failure to meet operational targets due to the
 loss of employees, any of which may impair our ability to
 achieve anticipated cost reductions or may otherwise harm our
 business, which could materially adversely affect our financial
 condition, operating results and cash flow.

 During fiscal 2008, our restructuring efforts in Asia focused on
 shifting our sales model in certain smaller countries from a
 direct sales force model to an indirect, partner-led model. We
 may implement this strategy in other regions in the future.
 Risks associated with this business model shift include the
 potential inability of our partners to sell our products
 effectively and to provide adequate implementation services and
 product support. A greater reliance on partners will also
 subject us to further third party risks associated with business
 practices in those regions.

 17

Table of Contents

 We
 have outsourced various functions to third parties and these
 arrangements may not be successful, thereby resulting in
 increased costs or may negatively impact service levels.

 We have outsourced various functions to third parties and may
 outsource additional functions to third-party providers in the
 future. We rely on those third parties to provide services on a
 timely and effective basis. Although we closely monitor the
 performance of these third parties and maintain contingency
 plans in case the third parties are unable to perform as agreed,
 we do not ultimately control the performance of our outsourcing
 partners. The failure of third-party outsourcing partners to
 perform as expected or as required by contract could result in
 significant disruptions and costs to our operations, which could
 materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
 operating results and cash flow and our ability to file our
 financial statements with the Securities and Exchange Commission
 timely or accurately.

 Potential
 tax liabilities may materially adversely affect our results.

 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and in
 numerous foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required
 in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In the
 ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and
 calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain.
 We are regularly under audit by tax authorities. Although we
 believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the final
 determination of tax audits and any related litigation could be
 materially different from that which is reflected in our income
 tax provisions and accruals. Should additional taxes be assessed
 as a result of an audit or litigation, a material adverse effect
 could result on our income tax provision, net income and cash
 flow in the period or periods in which that determination is
 made.