The following factors
could affect the Company’s operating results and should be considered in evaluating the Company. 

Continuing increases in commodity costs may have
a negative impact on profits. 

The Company uses many different commodities such as wheat, corn, oats, soybeans, beef,
pork, poultry, and energy. Commodities are subject to price volatility caused by commodity market fluctuations, supply and demand, currency fluctuations, and changes in governmental agricultural programs. Commodity price increases will result in
increases in raw material costs and operating costs. The Company may not be able to increase its product prices and achieve cost savings that fully offset these increased costs; and increasing prices may result in reduced sales volume and
profitability. The Company has experience in hedging against commodity price increases; however, these practices and experience reduce but do not eliminate the risk of negative profit impacts from commodity price increases. 

Increased competition may result in reduced sales or margin for the Company. 

The food industry is highly competitive, and increased competition can reduce sales for the Company due to loss of market share or the need to reduce prices to respond to competitive and customer
pressures. Competitive pressures also may restrict the Company’s ability to increase prices, including in response to commodity and other cost increases. The Company’s profit margins could decrease if a reduction in prices or increased
costs are not counterbalanced with increased sales volume. 

The sophistication and buying power of the Company’s customers could have a negative
impact on profits. 

Many of the Company’s customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs, and food distributors,
have consolidated in recent years and consolidation is expected to continue. These consolidations and the growth of supercenters have produced large, sophisticated customers with increased buying power and negotiating strength who are more capable
of resisting price increases and operating with reduced inventories. These customers may also in the future use more of their shelf space, currently used for Company products, for their private label products. The Company is implementing initiatives
to counteract these pressures. However, if the larger size of these customers results in additional negotiating strength and/or increased private label competition, the Company’s profitability could decline. 

The Company must identify changing consumer preferences and develop and offer food products to meet their preferences. 

Consumer preferences evolve over time and the success of the Company’s food products depends on the Company’s ability to
identify the tastes and dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their preferences. Introduction of new products and product extensions requires significant development and marketing investment. If the Company’s products
fail to meet consumer preference, then the return on that investment will be less than anticipated and the Company’s strategy to grow sales and profits with investments in marketing and innovation will be less successful. 

7 

Table of Contents

If the Company does not achieve the appropriate cost structure in the highly competitive food industry, its
profitability could decrease. 

The Company’s success depends in part on its ability to achieve the appropriate cost
structure and be efficient in the highly competitive food industry, particularly in light of rising input costs. The Company is currently implementing profit-enhancing initiatives that impact its supply chain and general and administrative
functions. These initiatives are focused on cost savings opportunities in procurement, manufacturing, logistics, and customer service, as well as general and administrative overhead levels. If the Company does not continue to manage costs and
achieve additional efficiencies, its competitiveness and its profitability could decrease. 

The Company may be subject to product liability claims and
product recalls, which could negatively impact its profitability. 

The Company sells food products for human
consumption, which involves risks such as product contamination or spoilage, product tampering, and other adulteration of food products. The Company may be subject to liability if the consumption of any of its products causes injury, illness, or
death. In addition, the Company will voluntarily recall products in the event of contamination or damage. In the past, the Company has issued recalls and has from time to time been and currently is involved in lawsuits relating to its food products.
A significant product liability judgment or a widespread product recall may negatively impact the Company’s sales and profitability for a period of time depending on product availability, competitive reaction, and consumer attitudes. Even if a
product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that Company products caused illness or injury could adversely affect the Company’s reputation with existing and potential
customers and its corporate and brand image. 

If the Company fails to comply with the many laws applicable to its business, it may incur significant
fines and penalties. 

The Company’s facilities and products are subject to many laws and regulations administered
by the United States Department of Agriculture, the Federal Food and Drug Administration, and other federal, state, local, and foreign governmental agencies relating to the processing, packaging, storage, distribution, advertising, labeling,
quality, and safety of food products. The Company’s failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject it to administrative penalties and injunctive relief, civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, and recalls of its
products. The Company’s operations are also subject to extensive and increasingly stringent regulations administered by the Environmental Protection Agency, which pertain to the discharge of materials into the environment and the handling and
disposition of wastes. Failure to comply with these regulations can have serious consequences, including civil and administrative penalties and negative publicity. 

The Company’s information technology resources must provide efficient connections between its business functions, or its results of operations will be negatively impacted. 

Each year the Company engages in several billion dollars of transactions with its customers and vendors. Because the amount of dollars
involved is so significant, the Company’s information technology resources must provide connections among its marketing, sales, manufacturing, logistics, customer service, and accounting functions. If the Company does not allocate and
effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure and to maintain the related computerized and manual control processes, it could be subject to billing and collection errors, business disruptions,
or damage resulting from security breaches. The Company is currently implementing new financial and operational information technology systems. Some systems were placed into production during fiscal 2008. Additional changes and enhancements will be
placed into production at various times in fiscal 2009 and 2010. If future implementation problems are encountered, the Company’s results of operations could be negatively impacted.