The following
risks and uncertainties could affect our operating results and should be considered in evaluating us. While we believe we have identified and discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional risks and
uncertainties that are not presently known or that are not currently believed to be significant that may adversely affect our business, performance, or financial condition in the future. 

Deterioration of general economic conditions could harm our business and results of operations. 

Our business and results of operations may be adversely affected by changes in national or global economic conditions, including inflation, interest rates, availability of capital markets, consumer
spending rates, energy availability and costs (including fuel surcharges), and the effects of governmental initiatives to manage economic conditions. 

Volatility in financial markets and deterioration of national and global economic conditions could impact our business and operations in a variety of ways, including as follows: 

•

 consumers may shift purchases to lower-priced private label or other value offerings, or may forego certain purchases altogether during economic
downturns, which may adversely affect the results of our Consumer Foods operations; 

•

 decreased demand in the restaurant business, particularly casual and fine dining, may adversely affect our Commercial Foods operations;

•

 volatility in commodity and other input costs could substantially impact our result of operations; 

•

 volatility in the equity markets or interest rates could substantially impact our pension costs and required pension contributions; and

•

 it may become more costly or difficult to obtain debt or equity financing to fund operations or investment opportunities, or to refinance our debt in
the future, in each case on terms and within a time period acceptable to us. 

Increases in commodity costs may have a
negative impact on profits. 

We use many different commodities such as wheat, corn, oats, soybeans, beef, pork, poultry,
and energy. Commodities are subject to price volatility caused by commodity market fluctuations, supply and demand, currency fluctuations, and changes in governmental agricultural programs. Commodity price increases will result in increases in raw
material costs and operating costs. We may not be able to increase our product prices and achieve cost savings that fully offset these increased costs; and increasing prices may result in reduced sales volume and profitability. We have experience in
hedging against commodity price increases; however, these practices and experience reduce, but do not eliminate, the risk of negative profit impacts from commodity price increases. 

Increased competition may result in reduced sales or profits. 

The food industry is highly
competitive, and increased competition can reduce our sales due to loss of market share or the need to reduce prices to respond to competitive and customer pressures. Competitive pressures also may restrict our ability to increase prices, including
in response to commodity and other cost increases. In most product categories, we compete not only with other widely advertised branded products, but also with private label products that are generally sold at lower prices. A strong competitive
response from one or more of our competitors to our marketplace efforts, or a consumer shift towards private label offerings, could result in us reducing pricing, increasing marketing or other expenditures, or losing market share. Our profits could
decrease if a reduction in prices or increased costs are not counterbalanced with increased sales volume. 

Changes in our relationships
with significant customers or suppliers could adversely affect us. 

During fiscal 2012, our largest customer Wal-Mart
Stores, Inc. accounted for approximately 17% of our net revenues. There can be no assurance that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and other significant customers will continue to 

9 

Table of Contents

purchase our products in the same quantities or on the same terms as in the past, particularly as increasingly powerful retailers continue to demand lower pricing and develop their own brands.
The loss of a significant customer or a material reduction in sales to a significant customer could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Disputes with significant suppliers, including pricing or performance, could adversely affect our ability to supply products to our
customers and could materially and adversely affect our product sales, financial condition, and results of operations. 

The sophistication
and buying power of our customers could have a negative impact on profits. 

Many of our customers, such as supermarkets,
warehouse clubs, and food distributors, have consolidated in recent years and consolidation is expected to continue. These consolidations and the growth of supercenters have produced large, sophisticated customers with increased buying power and
negotiating strength who are more capable of resisting price increases and operating with reduced inventories. These customers may also in the future use more of their shelf space, currently used for our products, for their private label products.
We continue to implement initiatives to counteract these pressures. However, if the larger size of these customers results in additional negotiating strength and/or increased private label competition, our profitability could decline. 

We must identify changing consumer preferences and develop and offer food products to meet their preferences. 

Consumer preferences evolve over time and the success of our food products depends on our ability to identify the tastes and dietary
habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their preferences, including concerns of consumers regarding health and wellness, obesity, product attributes, and ingredients. Introduction of new products and product extensions requires
significant development and marketing investment. If our products fail to meet consumer preferences, or we fail to introduce new and improved products on a timely basis, then the return on that investment will be less than anticipated and our
strategy to grow sales and profits with investments in marketing and innovation will be less successful. Similarly, demand for our products could be affected by consumer concerns regarding the health effects of ingredients such as sodium, trans
fats, sugar, processed wheat, or other product ingredients or attributes. 

If we do not achieve the appropriate cost structure in the
highly competitive food industry, our profitability could decrease. 

Our success depends in part on our ability to achieve
the appropriate cost structure and operate efficiently in the highly competitive food industry, particularly in an environment of volatile input costs. We continue to implement profit-enhancing initiatives that impact our supply chain and general
and administrative functions. These initiatives are focused on cost-saving opportunities in procurement, manufacturing, logistics, and customer service, as well as general and administrative overhead levels. If we do not continue to effectively
manage costs and achieve additional efficiencies, our competitiveness and our profitability could decrease. 

We may be subject to product
liability claims and product recalls, which could negatively impact our profitability. 

We sell food products for human
consumption, which involves risks such as product contamination or spoilage, product tampering, and other adulteration of food products. We may be subject to liability if the consumption of any of our products causes injury, illness, or death. In
addition, we will voluntarily recall products in the event of contamination or damage. We have issued recalls and have from time to time been and currently are involved in lawsuits relating to our food products. A significant product liability
judgment or a widespread product recall may negatively impact our sales and profitability for a period of time depending on product availability, competitive reaction, and consumer attitudes. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is
not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or injury could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential customers and our corporate and brand image. 

10 

Table of Contents

Any damage to our reputation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
and results of operations. 

Maintaining a good reputation globally is critical to selling our products. Product
contamination or tampering, the failure to maintain high standards for product quality, safety, and integrity, including with respect to raw materials and ingredients obtained from suppliers, or allegations of product quality issues, mislabeling or
contamination, even if untrue, may reduce demand for our products or cause production and delivery disruptions. Our reputation could also be adversely impacted by any of the following, or by adverse publicity (whether or not valid) relating thereto:
the failure to maintain high ethical, social, and environmental standards for all of our operations and activities; the failure to achieve our goals with respect to sodium or saturated fat; our research and development efforts; our environmental
impact, including use of agricultural materials, packaging, energy use, and waste management; or our responses to any of the foregoing. Failure to comply with local laws and regulations, to maintain an effective system of internal controls or to
provide accurate and timely financial information could also hurt our reputation. Damage to our reputation or loss of consumer confidence in our products for any of these or other reasons could result in decreased demand for our products and could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations, as well as require additional resources to rebuild our reputation. 

If we are unable to complete proposed acquisitions or divestitures or integrate acquired businesses, our financial results could be materially and adversely affected. 

From time to time, we evaluate acquisition candidates that may strategically fit our business objectives. If we are unable to complete
acquisitions or to successfully integrate and develop acquired businesses, our financial results could be materially and adversely affected. In addition, we may divest businesses that do not meet our strategic objectives, or do not meet our growth
or profitability targets. We may not be able to complete desired or proposed divestitures on terms favorable to us. Gains or losses on the sales of, or lost operating income from, those businesses may affect our profitability. Moreover, we may incur
asset impairment charges related to acquisitions or divestitures that reduce our profitability. 

Our acquisition or divestiture
activities may present financial, managerial, and operational risks. Those risks include diversion of management attention from existing businesses, difficulties integrating or separating personnel and financial and other systems, effective and
immediate implementation of control environment processes across our employee population, adverse effects on existing business relationships with suppliers and customers, inaccurate estimates of fair value made in the accounting for acquisitions and
amortization of acquired intangible assets which would reduce future reported earnings, potential loss of customers or key employees of acquired businesses, and indemnities and potential disputes with the buyers or sellers. Any of these factors
could affect our product sales, financial condition and results of operations. 

Our results could be adversely impacted as a result of
increased pension, labor, and people-related expenses. 

Inflationary pressures and any shortages in the labor market could
increase labor costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated operating results or financial condition. Our labor costs include the cost of providing employee benefits in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions, including pension,
health and welfare, and severance benefits. Any declines in market returns could adversely impact the funding of pension plans. Additionally, the annual costs of benefits vary with increased costs of health care and the outcome of
collectively-bargained wage and benefit agreements. 

If we fail to comply with the many laws applicable to our business, we may face
lawsuits or incur significant fines and penalties. 

Our facilities and products are subject to many laws and regulations
administered by the United States Department of Agriculture, the Federal Food and Drug Administration, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, and other federal, state, local, and foreign governmental agencies relating to the processing,
packaging, storage, distribution, advertising, labeling, quality, and safety of food products, the health and safety of our employees, and the protection of the environment. Our failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations could subject us
to lawsuits, administrative penalties and injunctive relief, civil remedies, including 

11 

Table of Contents

fines, injunctions, and recalls of our products. Our operations are also subject to extensive and increasingly stringent regulations administered by the Environmental Protection Agency, which
pertain to the discharge of materials into the environment and the handling and disposition of wastes. Failure to comply with these regulations can have serious consequences, including civil and administrative penalties and negative publicity.
Changes in applicable laws or regulations or evolving interpretations thereof, including increased government regulations to limit carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions as a result of concern over climate change, may result in increased
compliance costs, capital expenditures, and other financial obligations for us, which could affect our profitability or impede the production or distribution of our products, which could affect our net operating revenues. 

Climate change, or legal, regulatory or market measures to address climate change, may negatively affect our business and operations. 

There is growing concern that carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may have an adverse impact on global
temperatures, weather patterns, and the frequency and severity of extreme weather and natural disasters. In the event that such climate change has a negative effect on agricultural productivity, we may be subject to decreased availability or less
favorable pricing for certain commodities that are necessary for our products, such as corn, wheat, and potatoes. We may also be subjected to decreased availability or less favorable pricing for water as a result of such change, which could impact
our manufacturing and distribution operations. In addition, natural disasters and extreme weather conditions may disrupt the productivity of our facilities or the operation of our supply chain. The increasing concern over climate change also may
result in more regional, federal, and/or global legal and regulatory requirements to reduce or mitigate the effects of greenhouse gases. In the event that such regulation is enacted and is more aggressive than the sustainability measures that we are
currently undertaking to monitor our emissions and improve our energy efficiency, we may experience significant increases in our costs of operation and delivery. In particular, increasing regulation of fuel emissions could substantially increase the
distribution and supply chain costs associated with our products. As a result, climate change could negatively affect our business and operations. 

Our information technology resources must provide efficient connections between our business functions, or our results of operations will be negatively impacted. 

Each year we engage in billions of dollars of transactions with our customers and vendors. Because the amount of dollars involved is so
significant, our information technology resources must provide connections among our marketing, sales, manufacturing, logistics, customer service, and accounting functions. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to
build and sustain the proper technology infrastructure and to maintain the related automated and manual control processes, we could be subject to billing and collection errors, business disruptions, or damage resulting from security breaches. We
began implementing new financial and operational information technology systems in fiscal 2008 and placed systems into production during fiscal 2008, 2009, 2010, 2011, and 2012. If future implementation problems are encountered, our results of
operations could be negatively impacted. 

We are increasingly dependent on information technology, and potential disruption, cyber attacks,
security problems, and expanding social media vehicles present new risks. 

We are increasingly dependent on information
technology systems to manage and support a variety of business processes and activities, and any significant breakdown, invasion, destruction, or interruption of these systems could negatively impact operations. In addition, there is a risk of
business interruption and reputational damage from leakage of confidential information. 

The inappropriate use of certain media
vehicles could cause brand damage or information leakage. Negative posts or comments about the Company on any social networking web site could seriously damage its reputation. In addition, the disclosure of non-public company sensitive information
through external media channels could lead to information loss. Identifying new points of entry as social media continues to expand presents new challenges. Any business interruptions or damage to our reputation could negatively impact our financial
condition, results of operation, and the market price of our common stock. 

12 

Table of Contents