Factors That May Affect Financial Condition and Future Results

Downturns in the oil and gas industry have had, and will likely in the future have, a negative effect on the Company’s sales and profitability.

Demand for most of the Company’s products and services, and therefore its revenue, depends to a large extent upon the level of capital expenditures related to oil and gas exploration, development, production, processing and transmission. Declines, as well as anticipated declines, in oil and gas prices could negatively affect the level of these activities, or could result in the cancellation, modification or rescheduling of existing orders. For example, oil prices began declining during the third quarter of 2014, dropping nearly 50% from mid-year levels to approximately $53 per barrel as of December 31, 2014.  Prices have continued to decline into the mid-$40 range since year end.  Similarly, natural gas prices declined late in 2014 from the low-to-mid $4 range per MMBtu to just under $3 per MMBtu at December 31, 2014.  These declines have already begun to, and are expected to continue to, affect exploration and production activity levels and, therefore, demand for the Company’s products and services at least through 2015.  In addition to a decline in future orders and revenues, the Company may also incur additional costs as it seeks to adjust its commercial, manufacturing and support operations
 levels to meet expected future customer demand. See also the discussion in “Market Conditions” above for 2014 as compared to 2013.

Cancellation, downsizing or delays of orders in backlog are possible.

As described above, commodity prices have declined significantly since mid-2014 which has resulted in various oil and gas exploration and production companies announcing spending cuts or deferrals in their 2015 capital spending plans, as well as headcount reductions.  At current price levels, certain projects, particularly those in deepwater environments and unconventional resource regions, may become uneconomical for the risk involved.  Certain customers who are more highly leveraged may also experience concerns regarding future projected cash flows based on current price levels.  These factors described above could result in existing orders in backlog being cancelled, downsized or future shipment dates may be delayed, all of which could further negatively impact the Company’s future profitability.

At December 31, 2014, the Company’s backlog was approximately $9.5 billion, down 14% from December 31, 2013.  An example of a cancellation of an existing order is the reversal of $243 million of backlog during the first quarter of 2014 as the result of a customer cancellation of a large drilling project award issued in 2012.  Another example of a potential delay or downsizing of a previous awards is the announcement by Chevron in late 2013of the deferral of its Rosebank project, which was awarded in 2013 and currently accounts for $505 million of the Company’s ending backlog, in order to work with its partners to improve the project’s economics.  Although the original contract remains in place, OneSubsea is currently working with Chevron on a revised scope for the project based on a new field layout design.

The inability of the Company to deliver its backlog or future orders on time could affect the Company’s sales and profitability and its relationships with its customers.

The ability to meet customer delivery schedules on the Company’s existing backlog, as well as future orders, is dependent on a number of factors including, but not limited to, access to the raw materials required for production, an adequately trained and capable workforce, project engineering expertise for large subsea projects, sufficient manufacturing plant capacity and appropriate planning and scheduling of manufacturing resources.  Many of the contracts the Company enters into with its customers require long manufacturing lead times and contain penalty clauses relating to on-time delivery. A failure by the Company to deliver in accordance with customer expectations could subject the Company to financial penalties or loss of financial incentives and may result in damage to existing customer relationships.

Execution of subsea and drilling rig projects exposes the Company to risks not present in its other businesses.

Cameron is involved in development projects involving drilling rigs and, through our subsea business, is a significant participant in the subsea systems projects market.  These markets are different from most of the Company’s other markets since drilling rig and subsea systems projects are larger in scope and complexity, in terms of both technical and logistical requirements. Both types of projects typically (i) involve long lead times, (ii) are larger in financial scope, (iii) require substantial engineering resources to meet the technical requirements of the project and (iv) often involve the application of existing technology to new environments and, in some cases, may require the development of new technology. The Company’s Drilling business had a backlog of approximately $721 million for drilling rig equipment and the subsea business had a backlog of approximately $2.7 billion for subsea systems projects at December 31, 2014.  To the extent the Company experiences unplanned difficulties in meeting the technical and/or delivery requirements of the projects, the Company’s earnings or liquidity could be negatively impacted.  The Company accounts for its drilling and subsea projects, as it does its separation projects, using accounting rules for construction-type and production-type contracts.  Factors that may affect future project costs and margins include the ability to properly execute the engineering and design phases consistent with our customers’ expectations, production efficiencies obtained, and the availability and costs of labor, materials and subcomponents.  These factors can impact the accuracy of the Company’s estimates and materially impact the Company’s future period earnings.  If the Company experiences cost overruns, the expected margin could decline.  Were this to occur, in accordance with the accounting guidance, the Company would record a cumulative adjustment to reduce the margin previously recorded on the related project in the period a change in estimate is determined.   Drilling rig equipment and subsea systems projects accounted for approximately 9% and 14%, respectively, of total 2014 revenues.

13

Table of Contents

As a designer, manufacturer, installer and servicer of oil and gas pressure control equipment, the Company may be subject to liability, personal injury, property damage and environmental contamination should such equipment fail to perform to specifications.

Cameron provides products and systems to customers involved in oil and gas exploration, development and production, as well as in certain other industrial markets.  Some of the Company’s equipment is designed to operate in high-temperature and/or high-pressure environments on land, on offshore platforms and on the seabed, and some equipment is designed for use in hydraulic fracturing operations.  Cameron also provides parts and repair services at numerous facilities located around the world, as well as at customer sites for this and other equipment.  Because of applications to which the Company’s products and services are put, particularly those involving the high temperature and/or pressure environments, a failure of such equipment, or a failure of our customer to maintain or operate the equipment properly, could cause damage to the equipment, damage to the property of customers and others, personal injury and environmental contamination, onshore or offshore, leading to claims against Cameron.

Certain of the Company’s risk mitigation strategies may not be fully effective.

The Company relies on customer indemnifications and third-party insurance as part of its risk mitigation strategy.  There is, however, an increasing reluctance of customers to provide what had been typical oilfield indemnifications for pollution, consequential losses, property damage, and personal injury and death, and a reluctance, even refusal of counterparties to honor their contractual indemnity obligations when given.  In addition,  insurance companies may refuse to honor their policies.

An example of both is the Company’s experience in the Deepwater Horizon matter.  The Company’s customer denied that it owed any indemnification under the contract with us, and when called on to participate in the Company’s settlement with BP Exploration and Production Inc., one of the seven insurers refused to provide coverage.  The Company subsequently sued its insurer and won a judgment for the full policy amount plus interest and costs, but the insurer continues to litigate the matter and has appealed the judgment.

The implementation of an upgraded business information system may disrupt the Company’s operations or its system of internal controls.

The Company has a project underway to upgrade its SAP business information systems worldwide.  The first stage of this multi-year effort was completed at the beginning of the third quarter of 2011 with the deployment of the upgraded system to the Company’s process systems and compression businesses.  Since then, other businesses and business functions have been migrated in stages.  As of December 31, 2014, nearly all businesses within the V&M segment, the Surface segment, the Company’s worldwide engineering and human resource functions, as well as other corporate office activities are now operating in the upgraded system.  The Drilling segment is scheduled to be migrated in 2015 and the OneSubsea business in 2016.  The Drilling segment and the OneSubsea business are major contributors to the Company’s consolidated revenues and income before income taxes.

As this system continues to be deployed throughout the Company, delays or difficulties may be encountered in effectively and efficiently processing transactions and conducting business operations, including project management, until such time as personnel are familiar with all appropriate aspects and capabilities of the upgraded systems.

A deterioration in future expected profitability or cash flows could result in an impairment of the Company’s goodwill.

Total goodwill was nearly $2.5 billion at December 31, 2014.  Due to the significant drop in commodity prices during the latter half of 2014 and the reorganization of the Company’s reporting structure, the Company made an additional evaluation of goodwill for impairment during the fourth quarter of 2014 based upon macro factors that existed at that point in time.  The fair value of our Process Systems reporting unit was estimated to be 10% to 15% higher than its carrying value as part of that evaluation.  The estimated fair value for Process Systems was based on forecasted timing and success in receiving new major project awards in 2015 and beyond, the pricing and profitability of those new awards and further improvements in revenue growth and profitability rates from those achieved historically.  Should our expectations prove to be incorrect due to (i) further declines in oil and gas prices and continued instability in the worldwide energy markets, (ii)  unanticipated delays occurring in project awards, including unplanned project cancellations, or, (iii) an increase in interest rates, our prior estimates of future earnings, cash flows and fair value of the Process Systems business would be negatively impacted, which could lead to an impairment of goodwill for that reporting unit, possibly even as early as our annual evaluation during the first quarter of 2015.  Goodwill associated with the Process Systems reporting unit at December 31, 2014 was approximately $571 million.

14

Table of Contents

The Company’s operations and information systems are subject to cybersecurity risks.

Cameron continues to increase its dependence on digital technologies to conduct its operations. Many of the Company’s files are digitized and more employees are working in almost paperless environments.  Additionally, the hardware, network and software environments to operate SAP, the Company’s main enterprise-wide operating system, have been outsourced to third parties.  Other key software products used by the Company to conduct its operations either reside on servers in remote locations or are operated by the software vendors or other third parties for the Company’s use as “Cloud-based” or “Web-based” applications.  The Company has also outsourced certain information technology development, maintenance and support functions.  As a result, the Company is exposed to potentially severe cyber incidents at both its internal locations and outside vendor locations that could result in a theft of intellectual property and/or disruption of its operations for an extended period of time resulting in the loss of critical data and in higher costs to correct and remedy the effects of such incidents, although no such material incidents have occurred to date to the Company’s knowledge.

Fluctuations in currency markets can impact the Company’s profitability.

The Company has established multiple “Centers of Excellence” facilities for manufacturing such products as subsea trees, subsea chokes, subsea production controls and blowout preventers.  These production facilities are located in the United Kingdom, Brazil, Romania, Italy, Norway and other European and Asian countries. To the extent the Company sells these products in U.S. dollars, the Company’s profitability is eroded when the U.S. dollar weakens against the British pound, the euro, the Brazilian real and certain Asian currencies, including the Singapore dollar. Alternatively, profitability is enhanced when the U.S. dollar strengthens against these same currencies.  For further information on the use of derivatives to mitigate certain currency exposures, see Item 3, “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk” below and Note 19 of the Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements.

The Company’s operations expose it to risks of non-compliance with numerous countries’ import and export laws and regulations, and with various nations’ trade regulations including U.S. sanctions.

The Company’s operations expose it to trade and import and export regulations in multiple jurisdictions.  In addition to using “Centers of Excellence” for manufacturing products to be delivered around the world, the Company imports raw materials, semi-finished goods and finished products into many countries for use in country or for manufacturing and/or finishing for re-export and import into another country for use or further integration into equipment or systems.  Most movement of raw materials, semi-finished or finished products by the Company involves exports and imports.  As a result, compliance with multiple trade sanctions and embargoes and import and export laws and regulations poses a constant challenge and risk to the Company.  The Company has received a number of inquiries from U.S. governmental agencies, including the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the Office of Foreign Assets Control, regarding compliance with U.S. trade sanction and export control laws, the most recent of which was received in December 2012 and replied to by the Company in January 2013.  The Company has undergone and will likely continue to undergo governmental audits to determine compliance with export and customs laws and regulations.

The United States and the European Union (EU) also recently imposed sanctions on various sectors of the Russian economy and on transactions with certain Russian nationals and entities.  These sanctions may severely limit the amount of future business the Company does with customers involved in activities in Russia.  As of December 31, 2014, approximately 1% of the Company’s backlog from continuing operations related to future deliveries to customers doing business in Russia.  Customer sales by the Company’s continuing operations into Russia during 2014 totaled less than 1% of the Company’s sales during the year.  In addition, the sanctions of the U.S. and the EU are inconsistent and neither is, as yet, well defined, both of which factors increase the risk of an unintended violation.

15

Table of Contents

The Company’s operations expose it to political and economic risks and instability due to changes in economic conditions, civil unrest, foreign currency fluctuations, and other risks, such as local content requirements, inherent to international businesses.

The political and economic risks of doing business on a worldwide basis include the following:

•

volatility in general economic, social and political conditions;

•

the effects of civil unrest and, in some cases, military action on the Company’s business operations, customers and employees, such as that recently occurring in several countries in the  Middle East, in Ukraine and in Venezuela;

•

exchange controls or other similar measures which result in restrictions on repatriation of capital and/or income, such as those involving the currencies of, and the Company’s operations in, Angola and Nigeria; and

•

reductions in the number or capacity of qualified personnel.

In recent months, civil unrest and military action have increased in Iraq which may impact the ability of that country to continue to produce and export oil at current levels.  Such unrest may also jeopardize the Company’s in-country investments and on-going business activities supporting Iraq’s oil and gas production infrastructure.  At December 31, 2014, less than 1% of the Company’s backlog related to future deliveries to customers doing business in Iraq.  Additionally, less than 1% of the Company’s property, plant and equipment were located in Iraq.  The Company is also evaluating its options under the force majeure clauses of each of the major contracts with its customers doing business in Iraq in the event the current situation in that country continues to deteriorate.

Cameron also has manufacturing and service operations that are essential parts of its business in other developing countries and volatile areas in Africa, Latin America and other countries that were part of the Former Soviet Union, the Middle East, and Central and South East Asia. Recent increases in activity levels in certain of these regions have increased the Company’s risk of identifying and hiring sufficient numbers of qualified personnel to meet increased customer demand in selected locations.  The Company also purchases a large portion of its raw materials and components from a relatively small number of foreign suppliers in China, India and other developing countries. The ability of these suppliers to meet the Company’s demand could be adversely affected by the factors described above.

In addition, customers in countries such as Angola and Nigeria increasingly are requiring the Company to accept payments in the local currencies of these countries.  These currencies do not currently trade actively in the world’s foreign exchange markets.

The Company also has certain manufacturing and services operations in Venezuela that contributed $74 million in revenues during 2014.  The economy in Venezuela is highly inflationary.   As a result, the Company’s operations in Venezuela are accounted for as having a U.S. dollar functional currency and the Company considers its earnings in Venezuela to be permanently reinvested.  The Company does not currently expect a material gain or loss or a material decline in operating cash flows to occur as a result of any change in the payment practices of its primary customer or in further devaluations of the Venezuelan currency.  These factors however, along with recent civil unrest, create political and economic uncertainty with regard to their impact on the Company’s continued operations in this country.

Increasingly, some of the Company’s customers, particularly the national oil companies, have required a certain percentage, or an increased percentage, of local content in the products they buy directly or indirectly from the Company.  This requires the Company to add to or expand manufacturing capabilities in certain countries that are presently without the necessary infrastructure or human resources in place to conduct business in a manner as typically done by Cameron.  This increases the risk of untimely deliveries, cost overruns and defective products.

The Company’s operations expose it to risks resulting from differing and/or increasing tax rates.

Economic conditions around the world have resulted in decreased tax revenues for many governments, which have led and could continue to lead to changes in tax laws in countries where the Company does business, including further changes in the United States.  Changes in tax laws could have a negative impact on the Company’s future results.

The Company’s operations require it to deal with a variety of cultures, as well as agents and other intermediaries, exposing it to anti-corruption compliance risks.

Doing business on a worldwide basis necessarily involves exposing the Company and its operations to risks inherent in complying with the laws and regulations of a number of different nations. These laws and regulations include various anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws.

16

Table of Contents

The Company does business and has operations in a number of developing countries that have relatively underdeveloped legal and regulatory systems compared to more developed countries. Several of these countries are generally perceived as presenting a higher than normal risk of corruption, or as having a culture in which requests for improper payments are not discouraged. Maintaining and administering an effective anti-bribery compliance program under the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the United Kingdom’s Bribery Act of 2010, and similar statutes of other nations, in these environments present greater challenges to the Company than is the case in other, more developed countries.

Additionally, the Company’s business involves the use of agents and other intermediaries, such as customs clearance brokers, in these countries as well as others.  As a result, the risk to the Company of compliance violations is increased because actions taken by any of them when attempting to conduct business on our behalf could be imputed to us by law enforcement authorities.

The Company is subject to environmental, health and safety laws and regulations that expose the Company to potential liability and proposed new regulations that would restrict activities to which the Company currently provides equipment and services.

The Company’s operations are subject to a variety of national and state, provincial and local laws and regulations, including laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment. The Company is required to invest financial and managerial resources to comply with these laws and expects to continue to do so in the future. To date, the cost of complying with governmental regulation has not been material, but the fact that such laws or regulations are frequently changed makes it impossible for the Company to predict the cost or impact of such laws and regulations on the Company’s future operations. The modification of existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations imposing more stringent environmental restrictions could adversely affect the Company.

The Company provides equipment and services to companies employing hydraulic fracturing or “fracking” and could be adversely impacted by additional regulations of this enhanced recovery technique.

Environmental concerns have been raised regarding the potential impact on underground water supplies of hydraulic fracturing which involves the pumping of water and certain chemicals under pressure into a well to break apart shale and other rock formations in order to increase the flow of oil and gas embedded in these formations.  Recently, a number of U.S. states have proposed regulations regarding disclosure of chemicals used in fracking operations or have temporarily suspended issuance of permits for such operations.  The State of New York recently announced a statewide ban on hydraulic fracturing beginning in 2015 which would limit natural gas production from a portion of the Marcellus Shale region.  Additionally, the United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issued rules, which became effective in January 2015, that are designed to limit the release of volatile organic compounds, or pollutants, from natural gas wells that are hydraulically fractured.  The EPA has published draft permitting guidance for oil and gas hydraulic fracturing activities using diesel fuels and is continuing to study whether the fracking process has any negative impact on underground water supplies.  Should these regulations, or additional regulations and bans by governments, restrict or curtail hydraulic fracturing activities, the Company’s revenues and earnings could be negatively impacted.

Enacted and proposed climate protection regulations and legislation may impact the Company’s operations or those of its customers.

The EPA has made a finding under the United States Clean Air Act that greenhouse gas emissions endanger public health and welfare and the EPA has enacted regulations requiring monitoring and reporting by certain facilities and companies of greenhouse gas emissions.  In June 2014, the U.S. Supreme Court prohibited the EPA from being able to require limits on carbon dioxide and other heat trapping gases from sources that would otherwise not need an air pollution permit.

Also, in June 2014, the EPA, acting under President Obama’s Climate Action Plan, proposed its Clean Power Plan, which would set U.S. state-by-state guidelines for power plants to meet by 2030 to cut their carbon emissions by 30% nationwide from 2005 levels.  The guidelines are also intended to cut pollution, nitrogen oxides and sulfur dioxide by more than 25% during the same period.  Under the Clean Power Plan, states are to develop plans to meet state-specific goals to reduce carbon pollution and submit those plans to the EPA by June 2016, with a later deadline provided under certain circumstances.  While these proposed rules may hasten the switch from coal to cleaner burning fuels such as natural gas, the overall long-term economic impact of the plan is uncertain at this point.

Carbon emission reporting and reduction programs have also expanded in recent years at the state, regional and national levels with certain countries having already implemented various types of cap-and-trade programs aimed at reducing carbon emissions from companies that currently emit greenhouse gases.

17

Table of Contents

To the extent the Company’s customers are subject to these or other similar proposed or newly enacted laws and regulations, the Company is exposed to risks that the additional costs by customers to comply with such laws and regulations could impact their ability or desire to continue to operate at current or anticipated levels in certain jurisdictions, which could negatively impact their demand for the Company’s products and services.

To the extent Cameron becomes subject to any of these or other similar proposed or newly enacted laws and regulations, the Company expects that its efforts to monitor, report and comply with such laws and regulations, and any related taxes imposed on companies by such programs, will increase the Company’s cost of doing business in certain jurisdictions, including the United States, and may require expenditures on a number of its facilities and possibly on modifications of certain of its products.

The Company could also be impacted by new laws and regulations establishing cap-and-trade and those that might favor the increased use of non-fossil fuels, including nuclear, wind, solar and bio-fuels or that are designed to increase energy efficiency.  If the proposed or newly executed laws have the effect of dampening demand for oil and gas production, they could lower spending by customers for the Company’s products and services.

Environmental Remediation

The Company’s worldwide operations are subject to domestic and international regulations with regard to air, soil and water quality as well as other environmental matters. The Company, through its Health, Safety and Environmental (HSE) Management System and corporate third-party regulatory compliance audit program, believes it is in substantial compliance with these regulations.

The Company is heir to a number of older manufacturing plants that conducted operations in accordance with the standards of the time, but which have since changed.  The Company has undertaken clean-up efforts at these sites and now conducts its business in accordance with today’s standards.  The Company’s clean-up efforts have yielded limited releases of liability from regulators in some instances, and have allowed sites with no current operations to be sold.  The Company conducts environmental due diligence prior to all new site acquisitions.  For further information, refer to Note 20 of the Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements.

Environmental Sustainability

The Company has pursued environmental sustainability in a number of ways. Processes are monitored in an attempt to produce the least amount of waste. All of the waste disposal firms used by the Company are carefully selected in an attempt to prevent any future Superfund involvements. Actions are taken in an attempt to minimize the generation of hazardous wastes and to minimize air emissions. Recycling of process water is a common practice. Best management practices are used in an effort to prevent contamination of soil and ground water on the Company’s sites.

Cameron has implemented a corporate HSE Management System that incorporates many of the principles of ISO 14001 and OHSAS 18001.  The HSE Management System contains a set of corporate standards that are required to be implemented and verified by each business unit. Cameron has also implemented a corporate third-party regulatory compliance audit program to verify facility compliance with environmental, health and safety laws and regulations.  The compliance program employs or uses independent third-party auditors to audit facilities on a regular basis specific to country, region, and local legal requirements.  Audit reports are circulated to the senior management of the Company and to the appropriate business unit.  The compliance program requires corrective and preventative actions be taken by a facility to remedy all findings of non-compliance which are tracked on the corporate HSE data base.