You should carefully consider each of the following risks and
all of the other information set forth in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K. The
 have been separated into risks related to our
Separation Plan and risks related to our businesses. Based on
the information currently known to us, we believe that the
following information identifies the most significant risk
factors affecting our company in each of these categories of
risk. However, the risks and uncertainties our company faces are
not limited to those described below. Additional risks and
uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently
believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business.
Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of
future performance and historical trends should not be used to
anticipate results or trends in future periods. The following
risks related to our business will continue to apply following
the completion of the Separation Plan to the businesses of the
four independent, stand-alone companies resulting from the
completion of the transactions contemplated by the Separation
Plan.

Risks Related to our Separation Plan

We may be unable to complete our Separation Plan and
completion of the Separation Plan is subject to various
risks.

On October 23, 2005, our Board of Directors approved a plan
to separate our company into four independent, publicly traded
companies, one each for our Real Estate Services, Travel
Distribution, Hospitality (including Timeshare Resorts) and
Vehicle Rental businesses. Certain changes to the original plan
were announced on December 13, 2005. See
“Business—Strategic Realignment Plan and Separation
Plan”. Completion of the Separation Plan is subject to
various risks, including, but not limited to, risks inherent in
the Separation Plan and related transactions, including risks
related to increased borrowings, and costs related to the
proposed transactions; increased demands on our management team
as a result of executing the Separation Plan in addition to
their regular
day-to-day management
responsibilities; changes in business, political and economic

39

Table of Contents

conditions in the United States and in other countries in which
we currently do business; changes in governmental regulations
and policies and actions of regulatory bodies; changes in
Cendant’s overall operating performance and changes in the
operating performance of any of Cendant’s business
segments; access to financing sources, required changes to
existing financings, and changes in credit ratings, including
those that may result from the transactions related to the
Separation Plan; new costs, which may be greater than the
general corporate overhead expenses currently allocated, due to
each of the businesses being operated as stand-alone companies
rather than as part of an integrated group; the terms of
agreements among the separating companies, including the
allocations of assets and liabilities and commercial
arrangements; our ability to obtain the financing necessary to
complete all or a portion of our Separation Plan; and our
ability to satisfy certain conditions precedent, including final
approval by our Board of Directors, receipt of a tax opinion of
counsel, receipt of solvency opinions and the filing and
effectiveness of registration statements with the Commission.
Therefore, there can be no assurances that our Separation Plan
will be completed in whole or in part, including the timing
thereof, or that completion of all or a part of the Separation
Plan will not adversely affect our business.

Each of the independent companies resulting from the
completion of the Plan of Separation may be unable to achieve
some or all of the benefits that we expect will be achieved from
the separation transactions.

Each of the independent companies may not be able to achieve the
full strategic and financial benefits we expect will result from
the separation of Cendant’s businesses into four
independent companies or such benefits may be delayed or may not
occur at all. For example, there can be no assurance that
analysts and investors will regard the corporate structures of
each of the independent companies as more clear and simple than
the current Cendant corporate structure or place a greater value
on the sum of each of the independent companies as compared to
Cendant.

Additionally, the consolidated financial information, as well as
the segment level financial information, included in this Annual
Report on
Form 10-K, does
not reflect the financial condition, results of operations or
cash flows that each of the independent companies would have
achieved if the Separation Plan had been completed prior to, or
during, the periods presented or those that the companies will
achieve in the future. This is a result of several factors,
including the following:

l

 Generally, the working capital requirements and capital for
 general corporate purposes of each of our businesses, including
 acquisitions and capital expenditures, have historically been
 satisfied as part of Cendant’s corporate-wide cash
 management policies which include cash generated from the
 businesses we plan to separate. Subsequent to the completion of
 the Separation Plan, each of the independent companies will no
 longer have access to the businesses of the other separated
 companies in order to finance its working capital or other cash
 requirements. Without the opportunity to obtain financing from
 the other separated businesses, each of the independent
 companies is expected to need to obtain independent financing
 from banks, or through public offerings or private placements of
 debt or equity securities, strategic relationships or other
 arrangements.

l

 Subsequent to the completion of the Separation Plan, the cost of
 capital for most of the separated businesses will likely be
 higher than Cendant’s cost of capital prior to the
 distributions due to several factors, including lower expected
 credit ratings for each independent company than Cendant’s
 current credit ratings.

l

 Prior to the completion of the Separation Plan, our businesses
 will have been operated by Cendant as part of our broader
 corporate organization, rather than as independent companies. We
 have performed various corporate functions for each of the
 businesses, including, but not limited to, tax administration,
 certain governance functions (including compliance with the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and internal audit) and external
 reporting.

40

Table of Contents

l

 Other significant changes may occur in the cost structure,
 management, financing and business operations of each
 independent company as a result of each such business operating
 separate from each other.

Each of the independent companies may be unable to make,
on a timely or cost-effective basis, the changes necessary to
operate as a company independent from the other Cendant
businesses and the agreements among the separated businesses may
not reflect terms that would have resulted from
arm’s-length negotiations between unaffiliated
parties.

Following the completion of the Separation Plan, the separated
businesses will be contractually obligated to provide to each
other only those services specified in a transition services
agreement and other agreements the companies enter into in
connection with the Separation Plan. The independent companies
may be unable to replace the other services that one or more of
the applicable separated businesses previously provided to it in
a timely manner or on comparable terms. In addition, if any of
the separated businesses do not continue to perform the
transition services that are called for under any such
transition services agreement effectively, the other businesses
may not be able to operate their business effectively and their
profitability may decline.

In addition, the agreements related to the Separation Plan that
we expect the separated businesses to enter into with each other
may not reflect terms that would have resulted from
arm’s-length negotiations among unaffiliated parties. Such
terms would include, among other things, those related to
allocation of assets, liabilities, rights, indemnifications and
other obligations among the separated businesses.

As part of the Separation Plan, we anticipate that each of
the independent companies will incur substantial debt with
external lenders, which could subject them to various
restrictions and decrease their profitability.

As part of the Separation Plan, we anticipate that each of the
independent companies will incur substantial borrowings to repay
Cendant debt and/or to finance such company’s working
capital requirements and/or for general corporate purposes. We
expect that such financing arrangements will contain customary
terms, restrictions and covenants. The terms of these financing
arrangements and any future indebtedness may impose various
restrictions and covenants on the relevant company (such as
maintenance of various financial ratios) that could limit that
company’s ability to respond to market conditions, provide
for capital investment needs or take advantage of business
opportunities. In addition, such financing costs may be higher
than they were if such businesses remained part of an integrated
Cendant.

Risks Related to our Businesses

The risks described below under the heading
“General” apply to our business as a whole and/or
businesses included in more than one of our segments. In
addition, with respect to the businesses that comprise our Real
Estate Services, Travel Distribution and Vehicle Rental
segments, we have included additional risk factors specific to
those businesses under the relevant headings.

General

Adverse developments in general business, economic and
political conditions could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and our results of operations.

All of our businesses and operations are sensitive to general
business and economic conditions in the United States and
worldwide. These conditions include short-term and long-term
interest rates, inflation, fluctuations in the debt and equity
capital markets and the general condition of the U.S. and world
economy.

A host of factors beyond our control could cause fluctuations in
these conditions, including the political environment, acts or
threats of war or terrorism and pandemics. Adverse developments
in these general business, economic and political conditions,
including through recession, economic downturn or otherwise,
could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition.

The businesses that comprise our Real Estate Services segment
are affected significantly by the monetary policies of the
federal government and its agencies. These businesses are
affected particularly by the policies of the Federal Reserve
Board, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the
United States. The

41

Table of Contents

Federal Reserve Board’s policies affect the real estate
market through its effect on interest rates. Changes in these
policies are beyond our control, are difficult to predict and
could have a material adverse effect on the businesses and
results of operations of our Real Estate Services segment and
our financial condition.

Revenues in our Travel Related Businesses are highly
dependent on the travel and transportation industries, and
particularly on airlines, and a prolonged substantial decrease
in travel volume could adversely affect us.

Most of the revenue from the businesses that comprise our
Hospitality, Timeshare Resorts, Travel Distribution and Vehicle
Rental segments (our “Travel Related Businesses”) is
derived from the travel and transportation industries. Our
revenue increases and decreases with the level of travel and
transportation activity and is therefore highly subject to
declines in or disruptions to travel and transportation due to
factors entirely out of our control. Factors that may adversely
affect travel and transportation activity, which are beyond our
control, include:

l

 global security issues, political instability, acts or threats
 of terrorism, hostilities or war,

l

 increased airport security that could reduce the convenience of
 air travel,

l

 natural disasters, such as the hurricanes that occurred in the
 Gulf Coast in 2005,

l

 travelers’ perception of the occurrence of travel-related
 accidents,

l

 travelers’ concerns about exposure to contagious diseases
 and pandemics, such as SARS or bird flu,

l

 increases in fuel prices,

l

 general economic conditions in the United States and worldwide,

l

 political issues in the Middle East, Asia, Latin America and
 elsewhere, and

l

 the financial condition of travel suppliers.

The possibility of further terrorist attacks, hostilities and
war, the resulting heightened security measures at airports, and
the financial instability of many of the air carriers may
continue to adversely affect the travel industry.

With respect to our travel distribution and vehicle rental
businesses, airlines may reduce the number of flights they
offer, making fewer offerings available to our travel
distribution businesses and resulting in a decline in the volume
of car rental transactions at our vehicle rental business.

Our travel distribution businesses depend on a relatively small
number of airlines for a significant portion of their revenues.
Several major airlines have experienced liquidity problems, some
(including U.S. Airways, Inc., ATA Holdings Corporation,
Delta Air Lines, Inc. and Northwest Airlines Corporation) have
sought bankruptcy protection and still others may consider
bankruptcy relief.

Travelers’ perceptions of passenger security or
airlines’ financial stability that are negative may have an
adverse effect on demand. The financial instability of airlines
or a prolonged substantial decrease in travel volumes could have
an adverse impact on our financial performance, operations,
liquidity, or capital resources and could impair our ability to
recover the carrying value of certain of our assets, including
capitalized software, other intangible assets and goodwill.

Declines in or disruptions to the travel industry due to the
factors listed above also could result in a decrease in travel
to locations in which property owners of our franchised lodging