Factors that could have a material impact on our results of operations or financial condition are outlined below. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem insignificant may also impair our business or results of operations as they become known or as facts and circumstances change. Any of the risks described below could result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.

Insurance

Our results of operations or financial condition could be adversely affected by the occurrence of natural and man-made disasters.

We have substantial exposure to losses resulting from natural disasters, man-made catastrophes, such as terrorism or cyber-attack, and other catastrophic events. This could impact a variety of our businesses, including our commercial and personal lines, and life and accident and health (A&H) products. Catastrophes can be caused by various events, including hurricanes, typhoons, earthquakes, hailstorms, droughts, explosions, severe winter weather, fires, war, acts of terrorism, nuclear accidents, political instability, and other natural or man-made disasters, including a global or other wide-impact pandemic or a significant cyber-attack. The incidence and severity of catastrophes are inherently unpredictable and our losses from catastrophes could be substantial. In addition, climate change and resulting changes in global temperatures, weather patterns, and sea levels may both increase the frequency and severity of natural catastrophes and the resulting losses in the future and impact our risk modeling assumptions. We cannot predict the impact that changing climate conditions, if any, may have on our results of operations or our financial condition. We cannot predict how legal, regulatory or social responses to concerns around global climate change and the resulting impact on various sectors of the economy may impact our business. In addition, exposure to cyber risk is increasing systematically due to greater digital dependence, which may increase possible losses due to a catastrophic cyber event. Cyber catastrophic scenarios are not bound by time or geographic limitations and cyber catastrophic perils do not have well-established definitions or fundamental physical properties. Rather, cyber risks are engineered by human actors and thus are continuously evolving, often in ways that are engineered specifically to evade established loss mitigation controls. The occurrence of claims from catastrophic events could result in substantial volatility in our results of operations or financial condition for any fiscal quarter or year. Catastrophic events are inherently unpredictable and the actual nature of such events, when they occur, could be more frequent or severe than contemplated in our pricing and risk management expectations. As a result, the occurrence of one or more catastrophic events could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

If actual claims exceed our loss reserves, our financial results could be adversely affected.

Our results of operations and financial condition depend upon our ability to accurately assess the potential losses associated with the risks that we insure and reinsure. We establish reserves for unpaid losses and loss expenses, which are estimates of future payments of reported and unreported claims for losses and related expenses, with respect to insured events that have occurred at or prior to the balance sheet date. The process of establishing reserves can be highly complex and is subject to considerable variability as it requires the use of informed estimates and judgments.

Actuarial staff in each of our segments regularly evaluates the levels of loss reserves. Such evaluations could result in future changes in estimates of losses or reinsurance recoverables and would be reflected in our results of operations in the period in which the estimates are changed. Losses and loss expenses are charged to income as incurred. During the loss settlement period, which can be many years in duration for some of our lines of business, additional facts regarding individual claims and trends often will become known, which may result in a change in overall reserves. In addition, application of statistical and actuarial methods may require the adjustment of overall reserves upward or downward from time to time.

We include in our loss reserves liabilities for latent claims, such as asbestos and environmental (A&E), which are principally related to claims arising from remediation costs associated with hazardous waste sites and bodily-injury claims related to exposure to asbestos products and environmental hazards. At December 31, 2025, gross A&E liabilities represented approximately 1.4 percent of our gross loss reserves. The estimation of these liabilities is subject to many complex variables including: the current legal environment; specific settlements that may be used as precedents to settle future claims; assumptions regarding trends with respect to claim severity and the frequency of higher severity claims; assumptions regarding the ability to allocate liability among defendants (including bankruptcy trusts) and other insurers; the ability of a claimant to bring a claim in a state in which it has no residency or exposure; the ability of a policyholder to claim the right to non-products coverage; whether high-level excess policies have the potential to be accessed given the policyholder's claim trends and liability situation; payments to unimpaired claimants; and the potential liability of peripheral defendants. Accordingly, the ultimate settlement of losses, arising from either latent or non-latent causes, may be significantly greater or less than the loss and loss expense reserves held at the balance sheet date. In addition, the amount and timing of the settlement of our P&C liabilities are 

19

Table of Contents

uncertain and our actual payments could be higher than contemplated in our loss reserves owing to the impacts of insurance, judicial decisions, and social inflation. If our loss reserves are determined to be inadequate, we may be required to increase loss reserves at the time of the determination and our net income and capital may be reduced.

The effects of emerging claim and coverage issues on our business are uncertain.

As industry practices and legislative, regulatory, judicial, social, financial, technological and other environmental conditions change, unexpected and unintended issues related to claims and coverage may emerge. These issues may adversely affect our business by either extending coverage beyond our underwriting intent or by increasing the frequency and severity of claims. For example, "reviver" legislation in certain states allows civil claims relating to molestation to be asserted against policyholders that would otherwise be barred by statutes of limitations. As a result, the full extent of liability under our insurance or reinsurance contracts may not be known for many years after issuance.

The failure of any of the loss limitation methods we use could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

We seek to manage our loss exposure by maintaining a disciplined underwriting process throughout our insurance operations, including the use of underwriting controls and risk models. We also look to limit our loss exposure by writing a number of our insurance and reinsurance contracts on an excess of loss basis. Excess of loss insurance and reinsurance indemnifies the insured against losses in excess of a specified amount. In addition, we limit program size for each client and purchase third-party reinsurance for our own account. We also look to limit our loss by using assumed proportional reinsurance treaties, in which we seek per occurrence limitations or loss and loss expense ratio caps to limit the impact of losses ceded by the client. In proportional reinsurance, the reinsurer shares a proportional part of the premiums and losses of the reinsured. We further seek to limit our loss exposure by geographic diversification. Geographic zone limitations involve significant underwriting judgments, including the determination of the area of the zones and the inclusion of a particular policy within a particular zone's limits.

However, there are inherent limitations in all of these tactics, and no assurance can be given against the possibility of an event or series of events that result in loss levels that have an adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. It is also possible that losses could manifest themselves in ways that we do not anticipate and that our risk mitigation strategies are not designed to address. Additionally, various provisions of our policies, negotiated to limit our risks, such as limitations or exclusions from coverage and choice of forum may not be enforceable in the manner we intend. As a result, one or more natural or man-made catastrophes, terrorism, or other events could result in claims that substantially exceed our expectations, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

We may be unable to purchase reinsurance, or if we successfully purchase reinsurance, we are subject to the possibility of non-payment.

We purchase protection from third parties, including reinsurance, to protect against catastrophes and other sources of volatility, to increase the amount of protection we can provide our clients, and as part of our overall risk management strategy. Our reinsurance business also purchases retrocessional protection, which allows a reinsurer to cede to another company all or part of the reinsurance originally assumed by the reinsurer. From time to time, market conditions have limited, and in some cases have prevented, insurers and reinsurers from obtaining the types and amounts of reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance that they consider adequate for their business needs.

There is no guarantee our desired amounts of reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance will be available in the marketplace in the future. In addition to capacity risk, the remaining capacity may not be on terms we deem appropriate or acceptable or with companies with whom we want to do business. Finally, we face some degree of counterparty risk whenever we purchase reinsurance or retrocessional reinsurance. Consequently, the insolvency of these counterparties, or the inability, or unwillingness of any of our present or future reinsurers to make timely payments to us under the terms of our reinsurance or retrocessional agreements could have an adverse effect on us. At December 31, 2025, we had $20.6 billion of reinsurance recoverables, net of reserves for uncollectible recoverables. A reinsurer's or retrocessionaire's insolvency or inability or unwillingness to make timely payments under the terms of its reinsurance agreement with us could have an adverse effect on us because we remain liable to the insured.

Certain active Chubb companies are primarily liable for A&E and other exposures they have reinsured to our inactive run-off company Century Indemnity Company (Century). At December 31, 2025, the aggregate reinsurance balances ceded by our active subsidiaries to Century were approximately $1.9 billion. Should Century's loss reserves experience adverse development in the future and should Century be placed into rehabilitation or liquidation, the reinsurance recoverables due from Century to its affiliates could be payable only after the payment in full of third-party expenses and liabilities, including administrative expenses and direct policy liabilities. Thus, the intercompany reinsurance recoverables could be at risk to the extent of the shortage of assets remaining to pay these recoverables. While we believe the intercompany reinsurance recoverables from Century are not 

20

Table of Contents

impaired at this time, we cannot provide assurance that adverse development with respect to Century's loss reserves, if manifested, will not result in Century's rehabilitation or insolvency, which could result in our recognizing a loss. This could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Our net income and shareholders' equity may be volatile because certain products sold by our life insurance businesses expose us to future policy benefit (FPB) reserve and market risk benefits changes that are directly affected by market and other factors and assumptions. 

Our pricing, establishment of liabilities for life insurance and annuity products, including reinsurance programs, are based upon various assumptions, including equity market changes, interest rates, mortality rates, morbidity rates, and policyholder behavior. Under long-duration targeted improvements (LDTI), the accounting for our FPB reserves is also sensitive to changing interest rate conditions. We are required to update for changes in discount rates quarterly and review assumptions at least annually, which could cause volatility in our net income and shareholders' equity.

Guaranteed minimum death benefits (GMDB) and guaranteed living benefits (GLB), principally guaranteed minimum income benefits (GMIB), associated with variable annuity contracts, are collectively referred to as market risk benefits (MRB). The process of establishing MRB liabilities relies on our ability to accurately estimate insured events that have not yet occurred but that are expected to occur in future periods. Significant deviations in actual experience from assumptions used for pricing and for MRB liabilities could have an adverse effect on the profitability of our products and our business.

Under reinsurance programs covering variable annuity guarantees, we assumed the risk of GMDB and GMIB associated with variable annuity contracts. We ceased writing this business in 2007. Our net income is directly impacted by the changes in the MRB liability reflecting market conditions, policyholder behavior, and other changes in assumptions. We view our variable annuity reinsurance business as having a similar risk profile to that of catastrophe reinsurance, with the probability of long-term economic loss relatively small at the time of pricing. Adverse changes in market factors and policyholder behavior will have an impact on consolidated net income.

Payment of obligations under surety bonds could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

The surety business is characterized by infrequent but potentially high severity losses. The majority of our surety obligations are intended to be performance-based guarantees. When losses occur, they may be mitigated, at times, by recovery rights to the customer’s assets, contract payments, and collateral and bankruptcy recoveries. We have substantial commercial and construction surety exposure for current and prior customers. In that regard, we have exposures related to surety bonds issued on behalf of companies that have experienced or may experience deterioration in creditworthiness. If the financial condition of these companies were adversely affected by the economy or otherwise, we may experience an increase in filed claims and may incur high severity losses, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

Our exposure to various commercial and contractual counterparties, our reliance on brokers, and certain of our policies may subject us to credit risk. 

We have exposure to counterparties through a variety of commercial transactions and arrangements, including reinsurance transactions, agreements with banks, hedge funds and other investment vehicles, and derivative transactions, that expose us to credit risk in the event our counterparty fails to perform its obligations. This includes exposure to financial institutions in the form of secured and unsecured debt instruments and equity securities. 

We generally pay amounts owed on claims to brokers who, in turn, remit these amounts to the insured or ceding insurer. Although the law is unsettled and depends upon the facts and circumstances of the particular case, in some jurisdictions, if a broker fails to make such a payment, we might remain liable to the insured or ceding insurer for the deficiency. Conversely, in certain jurisdictions, if a broker does not remit premiums paid for these policies over to us, these premiums might be considered to have been paid and the insured or ceding insurer will no longer be liable to us for those amounts, whether or not we have actually received the premiums from the broker. Consequently, we assume a degree of credit risk associated with a broker with whom we transact business. However, due to the unsettled and fact-specific nature of the law, we are unable to quantify our exposure to this risk.

Under the terms of certain high-deductible policies that we offer, such as workers’ compensation and general liability, our customers are responsible for reimbursing us for an agreed-upon dollar amount per claim. In nearly all cases, we are required under such policies to pay covered claims first and then seek reimbursement for amounts within the applicable deductible from our customers. This obligation subjects us to credit risk from these customers. An increased inability of customers to reimburse us in this context could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. In addition, a lack of credit 

21

Table of Contents

available to our customers could impact our ability to collateralize this risk to our satisfaction, which in turn, could reduce the amount of high-deductible policies we could offer.

Since we depend on a few brokers and agents for a large portion of our revenues, loss of business provided by any one of them could adversely affect us.

We market our insurance and reinsurance worldwide, primarily through independent insurance agents, insurance and reinsurance brokers, and bancassurance relationships. Accordingly, our business is dependent on the willingness of these agents and brokers to recommend our products to their customers, and our agents and brokers may also promote and distribute the products of our competitors. Deterioration in relationships with our agent and broker distribution network or their increased promotion and distribution of our competitors' products could adversely affect our ability to sell our products. Loss of all or a substantial portion of the business provided by one or more of these agents and brokers could have an adverse effect on our business.

Financial

Our investment performance may affect our financial results and our ability to conduct business.

Our investment assets are invested by professional investment management firms under the direction of our management team in accordance with investment guidelines approved by the Board. Our investments are subject to market risks and risks inherent in individual securities. Our investment performance is highly sensitive to many factors, including interest rates, inflation, monetary and fiscal policies, and domestic and international political conditions. The volatility of our losses may force us to liquidate securities, which may cause us to incur capital losses. Realized and unrealized losses in our investment portfolio would reduce our book value, and if material, can affect our ability to conduct business.

Volatility in interest rates could impact the performance of our investment portfolio which could have an adverse effect on our investment income and operating results. We may not be able to effectively mitigate interest rate sensitivity. Our mitigation efforts include maintaining a high-quality portfolio of primarily fixed income investments with a relatively short duration to reduce the effect of interest rate changes on book value. A significant increase in interest rates would generally have an adverse effect on our book value. Our life insurance investments typically focus on longer duration bonds to better match the obligations of this business. For the life insurance business, policyholder behavior may be influenced by changing interest rate conditions and require a re-balancing of duration to effectively manage our asset/liability position.

Our fixed income portfolio is primarily invested in high quality, investment-grade securities. However, a smaller portion of the portfolio, approximately 17 percent at December 31, 2025, is invested in below investment-grade securities. These securities, which pay a higher rate of interest, also have a higher degree of credit or default risk and may also be less liquid in times of economic weakness or market disruptions. It is possible that in periods of economic weakness (such as recession), we may experience credit or default losses in our portfolio, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

As a part of our ongoing analysis of our investment portfolio, we are required to assess current expected credit losses for our private debt held-for-investment and evaluate expected credit losses for available-for-sale securities when fair value is below amortized cost, which considers reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions in addition to information about past events and current conditions. This analysis requires a high degree of judgment. Financial assets with similar risk characteristics and relevant historical loss information are included in the development of an estimate of expected lifetime losses. Declines in relevant stock and other financial markets and other factors impacting the value of our investments could result in an adverse effect on our net income and other financial results.

We may require additional capital or financing sources in the future, which may not be available or may be available only on unfavorable terms.

Our future capital and financing requirements depend on many factors, including our ability to write new business successfully and to establish premium rates and reserves at levels sufficient to cover losses, as well as our investment performance and capital expenditure obligations, including with respect to acquisitions. We may need to raise additional funds through financings or access funds through existing or new credit facilities or through short-term repurchase or borrowing arrangements. We also from time to time seek to refinance debt or credit as amounts become due or commitments expire. Any equity or debt financing or refinancing, if available at all, may be on terms that are not favorable to us. In the case of equity financings, dilution to our shareholders could result, and in any case, such securities may have rights, preferences, and privileges that are senior to those of our Common Shares. Our access to funds under existing credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the banks that are parties to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. If we cannot obtain adequate capital or sources of credit on favorable terms, or at all, we could be forced to use assets otherwise available for our business operations, and our business, results of operations, and financial condition could be adversely affected.

22

Table of Contents

We may be required to post additional collateral because of changes in our reinsurance liabilities to regulated insurance companies, or because of regulatory changes that affect our companies.

If our reinsurance liabilities increase, including in our property & casualty and variable annuity reinsurance businesses, we may be required to post additional collateral for insurance company clients. In addition, regulatory changes sometimes affect our obligations to post collateral. The need to post this additional collateral, if significant enough, may require us to sell investments at a loss in order to provide securities of suitable credit quality or otherwise secure adequate capital at an unattractive cost. This could adversely impact our net income and liquidity and capital resources.

The amount of capital that our insurance subsidiaries have and must hold to maintain their financial strength and credit ratings and meet other requirements can vary significantly from time to time and is sensitive to a number of factors, some of which are outside of our control.

Capital requirements for our insurance subsidiaries are prescribed by the applicable insurance regulators, while rating agencies establish requirements that inform ratings for our insurance subsidiaries. Projecting surplus and the related capital requirements is complex and requires making assumptions regarding how our business will perform within the broader macroeconomic environment. Insurance regulators and rating agencies evaluate company capital through financial models that calculate minimum capitalization requirements based on risk-based capital formulas for property and casualty insurance groups and their subsidiaries. In any particular year, capital levels and risk-based capital requirements may increase or decrease depending on a variety of factors including the mix of business written by our insurance subsidiaries and correlation or diversification in the business profile, the amount of additional capital our insurance subsidiaries must hold to support business growth, the value of securities in our investment portfolio, changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates, as well as changes to the regulatory and rating agency models used to determine our required capital.

U.S. and global economic and financial industry events and their consequences could harm our business, our liquidity and financial condition, and our stock price.

The consequences of adverse global or regional market and economic conditions may affect (among other aspects of our business) the demand for and claims made under our products, the ability of customers, counterparties, and others to establish or maintain their relationships with us, our ability to access and efficiently use internal and external capital resources, the availability of reinsurance protection, the risks we assume under reinsurance programs covering variable annuity guarantees, and our investment performance. Volatility in the U.S. and other securities markets may adversely affect our stock price.

A decline in our financial strength ratings could affect our standing among distribution partners and customers and cause our premiums and earnings to decrease. A decline in our credit ratings could increase our borrowing costs and impact our ability to access capital markets.

Ratings are an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance and reinsurance companies. The objective of these rating systems is to provide an opinion of an insurer's financial strength and ability to meet ongoing obligations to its policyholders. A ratings downgrade could result in a substantial loss of business as insureds, ceding companies, and brokers move to other insurers and reinsurers with higher ratings. If one or more of our debt ratings were downgraded, we could also incur higher borrowing costs, and our ability to access the capital markets could be impacted. Additionally, we could be required to post collateral or be faced with the cancellation of policies and resulting premium in certain circumstances. We cannot give any assurance regarding whether or to what extent any of the rating agencies might downgrade our ratings in the future.

Our ability to pay dividends and make payments on indebtedness may be constrained by our holding company structure.

Chubb Limited is a holding company that owns shares of its operating insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries along with several loans receivable from affiliates. Beyond this it does not itself have any significant operations or liquid assets. Repayment of loans receivable, guarantee fees and dividends and other permitted distributions from subsidiaries are its primary sources of funds to meet ongoing cash requirements, including any future debt service payments, other expenses, repurchases of its shares, and paying dividends to our shareholders. Some of our insurance subsidiaries are subject to significant regulatory restrictions limiting their ability to declare and pay dividends. The inability of our insurance subsidiaries to pay dividends (or other intercompany amounts due, such as intercompany debt obligations) in an amount sufficient to enable us to meet our cash requirements at the holding company level could have an adverse effect on our operations and our ability to repurchase shares and pay dividends to our shareholders.

Swiss law imposes certain restrictions on our ability to repurchase our shares.

Swiss law imposes certain withholding tax and other restrictions on a Swiss company’s ability to return earnings or capital to its shareholders, including through the repurchase of its own shares. We may only repurchase shares to the extent that sufficient freely distributable reserves are available. In addition, Swiss law requires that the total par value of Chubb's treasury shares 

23

Table of Contents

must not be in excess of 10 percent of its total share capital, although, to the extent permitted by Swiss law, exemptions from the 10 percent limit apply for repurchased treasury shares dedicated for cancellation under our shareholder-approved capital band and for shares acquired pursuant to a shareholder-ratified repurchase program and dedicated for cancellation. As a result, in order to maintain our share repurchase program, our shareholders must either periodically approve our capital band authorizing our Board to reduce our share capital or, as necessary, ratify our share repurchase program authorizing our Board to acquire shares in excess of the 10 percent limit. If our shareholders do not approve either of the foregoing, we may be restricted or unable to return capital to shareholders through share repurchases in the future. Furthermore, our current repurchase program relies on bank counterparties for execution and Swiss tax rulings confirmed by the competent tax authority for a certain period. We can re-apply for such tax rulings in the future but cannot guarantee that they will also be granted going forward. Any future revocation, lapse, expiration, or loss of our Swiss tax rulings or the inability to conduct repurchases in accordance with these rulings could jeopardize our ability to continue repurchasing our shares.

Our operating results and shareholders' equity may be adversely affected by currency fluctuations. 

Our reporting currency is the U.S. dollar. In general, we match assets and liabilities in local currencies. Where possible, capital levels in local currencies are limited to satisfy minimum regulatory requirements and to support local insurance operations. The principal currencies creating foreign exchange risk are the Korean won, Chinese yuan renminbi, Canadian dollar, Australian dollar, Mexican peso, Thai baht, Hong Kong dollar, Brazilian real, New Zealand dollar, and euro. At December 31, 2025, approximately 26.7 percent of our unhedged net assets were denominated in foreign currencies. We may experience losses resulting from fluctuations in the values of non-U.S. currencies, which could adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition.

Operational

The regulatory and political regimes under which we operate, and their volatility, could have an adverse effect on our business. 

We may from time to time face challenges resulting from changes in applicable law and regulations in particular jurisdictions, or changes in approach to oversight of our business from insurance or other regulators.

Our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries conduct business globally and are subject to varying degrees of supervision and regulation by the regulatory authorities under which they conduct business. The extent of regulation on our insurance business varies across the jurisdictions where we operate, but generally is governed by laws that delegate regulatory, supervisory and administrative authority to insurance departments and similar regulatory agencies. The laws and regulations of the jurisdictions in which our insurance and reinsurance subsidiaries are domiciled generally grant regulatory agencies and/or self-regulatory organizations broad rulemaking and enforcement powers, including the power to regulate the issuance, marketing, sale and distribution of our products, the manner in which we underwrite our policies, the delivery of our services, the nature or extent of disclosures that we give our customers, the compensation of our distribution partners, the manner in which we handle claims on our policies and the administration of our policies and contracts, as well as the power to limit or restrict our business for failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations. Applicable statutes, regulations and policies require, among other things, maintenance of minimum levels of statutory capital, surplus, and liquidity, various solvency standards, and periodic examinations of subsidiaries' financial condition. In some jurisdictions, laws and regulations also restrict payments of dividends and reductions of capital. Applicable statutes, regulations, and policies may also restrict the ability of these subsidiaries to write insurance and reinsurance policies, to make certain investments, and to distribute funds. The purpose of insurance laws and regulations generally is to protect policyholders and ceding insurance companies, not our shareholders. For example, some jurisdictions have enacted various consumer protection laws that make it more burdensome for insurance companies to sell policies and interact with customers in personal lines businesses. Failure to comply with such regulations can lead to significant penalties and reputational injury.

The non-U.S. and U.S. federal and state laws and regulations that are applicable to our operations are complex and may increase the costs of regulatory compliance or subject our business to the possibility of regulatory actions or proceedings. Laws and regulations not specifically related to the insurance industry include trade sanctions that relate to certain countries, anti-money laundering laws, and anti-corruption laws. The insurance industry is also affected by political, judicial, and legal developments that may create new and expanded regulations and theories of liability. The current economic and financial climates present additional uncertainties and risks relating to increased regulation and the potential for increased involvement of the U.S. and other governments in the financial services industry.

Regulators in countries where we have operations continue to work with the International Association of Insurance Supervisors (IAIS) to consider changes to insurance company supervision, including with respect to group supervision and solvency requirements. The IAIS has developed a Common Framework for the Supervision of Internationally Active Insurance Groups 

24

Table of Contents

(ComFrame), which is focused on the effective group-wide supervision of international active insurance groups (IAIGs), such as Chubb. The IAIS also implements the Holistic Framework for the assessment and mitigation of systemic risk. As part of ComFrame, in December 2024, the IAIS adopted an international capital standard (ICS) for such IAIGs and concluded that the Aggregation Method developed by the U.S. provides a basis for implementation of the ICS to produce comparable outcomes. Starting in 2027, the IAIS will initiate detailed jurisdictional assessments of ICS implementation. In addition, Chubb businesses across the European Union (EU) are subject to Solvency II, a capital and risk management regime, and our Bermuda businesses are subject to an equivalent of the EU's Solvency II regime. Also applicable to Chubb businesses are the requirements of the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) whose regulations include Swiss Solvency Tests. There are also Risk Based Capital (RBC) requirements in the U.S., which are also subject to revision in response to global developments. The impact to Chubb of these developments remains uncertain.

Furthermore, governments, regulators, investors, customers, and other stakeholders have increased their focus on climate change risk reporting. A variety of governments and regulators have adopted or are in the process of adopting climate change and greenhouse gas emissions disclosure requirements to which Chubb and certain of its individual subsidiaries are or will be subject in the future. Chubb also receives requests for information from investors, customers and other stakeholders from time to time on various aspects of its policies and strategies relating to climate change. This has resulted in expanded and increasingly complex expectations related to reporting under multiple, disparate and potentially inconsistent reporting requirements, increased due diligence, and potential requirements for the reporting of scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions. Responding to such disclosure requirements and requests involves risks and uncertainties, including dependence in part on estimates and third-party data that are outside our control.

New reporting standards, regulations and requirements with various aims and goals could expose us to legal, regulatory, investor and other stakeholder scrutiny, and customers that disagree with our actions may determine not to do business with us, all of which may adversely affect our business, reputation and results of operations.

Evolving privacy, data security, and artificial intelligence (AI) regulations could adversely affect our business.

We are subject to numerous U.S. federal and state laws and non-U.S. laws and regulations governing the protection of personal and confidential information of our clients and employees, including in relation to medical records, credit card data and financial information. These laws and regulations are increasing in complexity and number, change frequently, sometimes conflict, and could expose Chubb to significant monetary damages, regulatory enforcement actions, fines, litigation or claims, and criminal prosecution in one or more jurisdictions.

For example, we are subject to the New York Department of Financial Services’ Cybersecurity Regulation (the NYDFS Cybersecurity Regulation) which mandates detailed cybersecurity standards and other obligations for all institutions, including insurance entities, authorized by the NYDFS to operate in New York. The NYDFS Cybersecurity Regulation has increased our compliance costs and could increase the risk of noncompliance and subject us to regulatory enforcement actions and penalties, as well as reputation risk.

Additionally, the National Association of Insurance Commissioners (NAIC) adopted an Insurance Data Security Model Law, which requires licensed insurance entities to comply with detailed information security requirements. A number of states have enacted it into law, and it is not yet known whether or not, and to what extent, additional states will enact it. Such enactments, especially if inconsistent between states or with existing laws and regulations, could raise compliance costs or increase the risk of noncompliance, with the attendant risk of being subject to regulatory enforcement actions and penalties, as well as reputational harm.

The EU General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR) is a comprehensive regulation applying across all EU member states. All our business units (regardless of whether they are located in the EU) may be subject to the GDPR when personal data is processed in relation to the offer of goods and services to individuals within the EU. Our failure to comply with GDPR and other countries’ privacy or data security-related laws, rules or regulations could result in significant penalties imposed by regulators, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Significant other comprehensive privacy laws have been enacted by other jurisdictions, most notably the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), the California Privacy Rights Act (CPRA), and Brazil’s Lei Geral de Protecao de Dados (LGPD), which may affect our use of data and could affect our operations and subject us to fines and actions for noncompliance. In the U.S., several other states are considering similar legislation, and there are ongoing discussions regarding a U.S. National Privacy Law. New laws similar to the GDPR and the CCPA are expected to be enacted in coming years in various countries and jurisdictions in which we operate.

25

Table of Contents

Regulatory standards relating to the use of artificial intelligence (AI) are evolving in the countries where we do business, and may increase risks associated with bias, unfair discrimination, transparency, and information security. State insurance regulators in the U.S. have issued and will continue to consider regulations or guidelines on the use of external data, algorithms, and AI in insurance practices. The European Parliament and European Council have also promulgated the European Union Artificial Intelligence Act, which will regulate the use of AI within the European Union. Several nations in Asia are also considering legislation or regulatory guidance. The application of existing law and introduction of new or revised laws and regulations may require changes in our operations, increase compliance costs and reduce benefits from our adoption of artificial intelligence technologies.

Our worldwide operations, particularly in developing nations, expose us to global geopolitical developments that could have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition. 

With operations in 54 countries and territories, we provide insurance and reinsurance products and services to a diverse group of clients worldwide, including operations in various developing nations. Both current and future foreign operations could be adversely affected by unfavorable geopolitical developments, including law changes; tax changes; changes in trade policies; changes to visa or immigration policies; regulatory restrictions; government leadership changes; political events and upheaval; sociopolitical instability; and nationalization of our operations without compensation. Adverse activity in any one country could negatively impact operations, increase our loss exposure under certain of our insurance products, and could otherwise have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition, depending on the magnitude of the events and our net financial exposure at that time in that country.

A failure in our operational systems or infrastructure or those of third parties, including due to security breaches or cyber-attacks, could disrupt business, damage our reputation, and cause losses.

Our operations rely on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of confidential and other information and assets, including in our computer systems and networks and those of third-party service providers. Our business depends on effective information security and systems and the integrity and timeliness of the data our information systems use to run our business. Our ability to adequately price products and services, to establish reserves, to provide effective, efficient and secure service to our customers, to value our investments and to timely and accurately report our financial results also depends significantly on the integrity and availability of the data we maintain, including that within our information systems, as well as data in and assets held through third-party service providers and systems. Our systems and those of our third-party service providers, have been, and will likely continue to be, targeted by or subject to viruses, malware or other malicious codes, unauthorized access, cyber-attacks, cyber frauds, ransomware or other unauthorized occurrences, on or conducted through our information systems, which jeopardize the confidentiality, integrity or availability of our information or information systems. Cybersecurity threats are rapidly evolving and those threats and the means for obtaining access to our systems are becoming increasingly sophisticated. Cybersecurity threats can originate from a wide variety of sources including terrorists, nation states, financially motivated actors, internal actors, or third parties, such as external service providers, and the techniques used change frequently or are often not recognized until after they have been launched. The rapid evolution and increased adoption of artificial intelligence technologies may intensify our cybersecurity risks, which include the deployment of artificial intelligence by bad actors intent on finding and exploiting vulnerabilities, use of "deep fakes," and long-term persistent attacks. The administrative and technical controls and protective actions we have taken (including conducting due diligence security reviews and negotiating agreements with third-party service providers), which are designed to reduce the risk of cyber incidents and to protect our information technology and assets, may be insufficient to prevent cybersecurity events, which may include unauthorized access, computer viruses, malware or other malicious code or cyber-attack, ransomware, phishing scams, or similar attempts to fraudulently induce our employees, third party vendors or others to take actions that compromise our information or information systems, business compromise attacks, catastrophic events, system failures and disruptions, employee errors, negligence or malfeasance, loss of assets or data and other events that could have security consequences. As the breadth and complexity of our security infrastructure continues to grow, the risk of a cybersecurity event increases. Such an event or events may jeopardize Chubb's or its clients' or counterparties' confidential and other information processed and stored within Chubb, and transmitted through its information systems, or otherwise cause interruptions, delays, or malfunctions in Chubb's, its clients', its counterparties', or third parties' operations, or result in data loss or loss of assets that could result in significant losses, reputational damage or an adverse effect on our operations and critical business functions. Chubb may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures or to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures and to pursue recovery of lost data or assets and we may be subject to litigation costs and losses, regulatory penalties (as described above) and financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered by insurance maintained. In instances where we rely on third parties to perform business functions and process data on our behalf, Chubb may be exposed to additional data security risk as a result of cybersecurity events that impact the third party or others upon whom they rely.

26

Table of Contents

Our ability to conduct business may be adversely affected by a disruption of the infrastructure that supports our business in the communities in which we are located, or of outsourced services or functions. This may include a disruption involving electrical, communications, transportation, or other services used by Chubb or third parties on which we rely. If a disruption occurs in one location and Chubb employees in that location are unable to conduct business, communicate with, or travel to other locations, our ability to service and interact with clients may suffer.

We use analytical models to assist our decision-making in key areas, such as underwriting, claims, reserving, and catastrophe risks, but actual results could differ materially from the model outputs and related analyses.

We use various modeling techniques (e.g., scenarios, predictive, stochastic and/or forecasting) and data analytics to analyze and estimate exposures, loss trends and other risks associated with our assets and liabilities. We use the modeled outputs and related analyses to assist us in decision-making (e.g., underwriting, pricing, claims, reserving, reinsurance, and catastrophe risk) and to maintain competitive advantage. The modeled outputs and related analyses are subject to various assumptions, uncertainties, model errors and the inherent limitations of any statistical analysis, including the use of historical internal and industry data. In addition, the modeled outputs and related analyses may from time to time contain inaccuracies, perhaps in material respects, including as a result of inaccurate inputs or applications thereof. Climate change may make modeled outcomes less certain or produce new, non-modeled risks. Consequently, actual results may differ materially from our modeled results. If, based upon these models or other factors, we misprice our products or underestimate the frequency or severity of loss events, or overestimate the risks we are exposed to, new business growth and retention of our existing business may be adversely affected which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

We could be adversely affected by the loss of one or more key executives or by an inability to attract and retain qualified personnel.

Our success depends on our ability to retain the services of our existing key executives and to attract and retain additional qualified personnel in the future. The loss of the services of any of our key executives or the inability to hire and retain other highly qualified personnel in the future could adversely affect our ability to conduct or grow our business. This risk may be particularly acute for us relative to some of our competitors because some of our senior executives work in countries where they are not citizens, and work permit and immigration issues could adversely affect the ability to retain or hire key persons. We do not maintain key person life insurance policies with respect to our employees.

Operational risk from internal system and process failures, human errors and misconduct may be difficult to detect and prevent and could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Losses may result from, among other things, fraud, errors, failure to document transactions properly, failure to obtain proper internal authorization, failure to comply with underwriting or other internal guidelines, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements. It is not always possible to deter or prevent employee, agent, broker or vendor misconduct, and the precautions that we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Resultant losses could adversely affect our business, results of operations, and financial condition.

Strategic

The continually changing landscape, including competition, technology and products, and existing and new market entrants could reduce our margins 
and adversely impact our business and results of operations.

Insurance and reinsurance markets are highly competitive. We compete on an international and regional basis with major U.S., Bermudian, European, and other international insurers and reinsurers and with underwriting syndicates, some of which have greater financial, technological, marketing, distribution and management resources than we do. In addition, capital market participants have created alternative products that are intended to compete with reinsurance products. We also compete with new companies and existing companies that move into the insurance and reinsurance markets. If competition, or technological or other changes to the insurance markets in which we operate, limits our ability to retain existing business or write new business at adequate rates or on appropriate terms, our business and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. Increased competition could also result in fewer submissions, lower premium rates, and less favorable policy terms and conditions, which could reduce our profit margins and adversely impact our net income and shareholders' equity.

Recent technological advancements in the insurance industry and information technology industry present new and fast-evolving competitive risks as participants seek to increase transaction speeds, lower costs, and create new opportunities. Advancements in technology are occurring in underwriting, claims, distribution, and operations at a pace that may quicken, including as companies increase use of data analytics, AI and other technology as part of their business strategy. We will be at a competitive disadvantage if our competitors are more effective than us in their utilization of technology and evolving data analytics. If we do 

27

Table of Contents

not anticipate or keep pace with these technological and other changes impacting the insurance industry, it could adversely affect our business results of operations and financial condition.

Insurance and reinsurance markets are historically cyclical, and we expect to experience periods with excess underwriting capacity and unfavorable premium rates.

The insurance and reinsurance markets have historically been cyclical, characterized by periods of intense price competition due to excessive underwriting capacity as well as periods when shortages of capacity permitted favorable premium levels. An increase in premium levels is often offset by an increasing supply of insurance and reinsurance capacity, either by capital provided by new entrants or by the commitment of additional capital by existing insurers or reinsurers, which may cause prices to decrease. Any of these factors could lead to a significant reduction in premium rates, less favorable policy terms, and fewer submissions for our underwriting services. In addition to these considerations, changes in the frequency and severity of losses suffered by insureds and insurers may affect the cycles of the insurance and reinsurance markets significantly, as could periods of economic weakness (such as recession).

The integration of acquired companies may not be as successful as we anticipate.

Acquisitions involve numerous operational, strategic, financial, accounting, legal, tax, and other risks, potential liabilities associated with the acquired businesses, and uncertainties related to design, operation and integration of acquired businesses’ internal controls over financial reporting. Difficulties in integrating an acquired company, along with its personnel, may result in the acquired company performing differently than we expected, in operational challenges or in our failure to realize anticipated expense-related efficiencies. This may also apply to companies in which we acquire majority ownership. Our existing businesses could also be negatively impacted by acquisitions. In addition, goodwill and intangible assets recorded in connection with insurance company acquisitions may be impaired if premium growth, underwriting profitability, agency retention and policy persistency, among other factors, differ from expectations.

There is also the potential that proposed acquisitions that have been publicly announced will not be consummated, even if a definitive agreement has been signed by the parties. If an agreement is terminated before closing, the result would be that our proposed acquisition would not occur, which could, among other things, expose us to damages or liability and adversely impact our stock price and future operations.

Our non-U.S. companies may be subject to U.S. tax which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and shareholders' equity.

Chubb Limited and our non-U.S. subsidiaries operate such that none of these companies should be subject to U.S. tax (other than U.S. excise tax on insurance and reinsurance premium income attributable to insuring or reinsuring U.S. risks and U.S. withholding tax on some types of U.S. source investment income), because none of these companies should be treated as engaged in a trade or business within the U.S. However, because there is considerable uncertainty as to the activities that constitute being engaged in a trade or business within the U.S., we cannot be certain that the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) will not contend successfully that Chubb Limited or its non-U.S. subsidiaries are engaged in a trade or business in the U.S. If Chubb Limited or any of its non-U.S. subsidiaries were considered to be engaged in a trade or business in the U.S., such entity could be subject to U.S. corporate income and branch profits taxes on the portion of its earnings effectively connected to such U.S. business, in which case our results of operations and our shareholders' equity could be adversely affected.

Our Bermuda operations are subject to taxation in Bermuda because of the newly effective Bermuda Corporate Income Tax Act.

Historically, our Bermuda operations had not been subject to Bermuda income tax. However, on December 27, 2023, the Government of Bermuda enacted a 15 percent corporate income tax (Bermuda CIT) effective January 1, 2025. 

The new Bermuda CIT will be a covered tax under the OECD’s global minimum tax regime discussed in our Risk Factor below titled “The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), European Union (EU), Swiss Federal Council, and other jurisdictions have passed measures that have changed long standing tax principles that could increase our taxes.” Therefore, we would expect any implementation of the OECD global minimum tax regime to count any current Bermuda CIT toward such OECD minimum tax.

28

Table of Contents

The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), European Union (EU), Swiss Federal Council, and other jurisdictions have passed measures that have changed long standing tax principles that could increase our taxes.

The OECD has published a framework for taxation that in many respects is different than long standing international tax principles. This framework, along with related Administrative Guidance, is redefining what income is taxed in which country and instituted a 15 percent global minimum tax in 2024 or later years. To date, the EU and many other countries have enacted the 15 percent global minimum tax. Switzerland has enacted aspects of these rules, effective on January 1, 2025, including the income inclusion rule.

On January 15, 2025, the OECD issued Administrative Guidance that, if incorporated into law, could cause additional tax to be payable to the extent the deferred tax asset we established upon enactment of Bermuda’s corporate income tax in 2023 reverses after 2026. It is uncertain at this time whether and to what extent the jurisdictions in which we operate will implement this guidance.

Shareholders

There are provisions in our charter documents that may reduce the voting rights and diminish the value of our Common Shares.

Our Articles of Association generally provide that shareholders have one vote for each Common Share held by them and are entitled to vote at all meetings of shareholders. However, the voting rights exercisable by a shareholder may be limited so that certain persons or groups are not deemed to hold 10 percent or more of the voting power conferred by our Common Shares. Moreover, these provisions could have the effect of reducing the voting power of some shareholders who would not otherwise be subject to the limitation by virtue of their direct share ownership. The Board of Directors may refuse to register holders of shares as shareholders with voting rights based on certain grounds, including if the holder would, directly or indirectly, formally, constructively or beneficially own (as described in Articles 8 and 14 of our Articles of Association) or otherwise control voting rights with respect to 10 percent or more of the registered share capital recorded in the commercial register. In addition, the Board of Directors shall reject entry of holders of registered shares as shareholders with voting rights in the share register or shall decide on their deregistration when the acquirer or shareholder upon request does not expressly state that she/he has acquired or holds the shares in her/his own name and for her/his account.

Applicable laws may make it difficult to effect a change of control of our company.

Before a person can acquire control of an insurance company, prior written approval must be obtained from the insurance commissioner of the U.S. state or the regulator of the applicable country where the insurer is domiciled. The regulator may consider such factors as the financial strength of the applicant, the integrity and management of the applicant's board of directors and executive officers, the acquirer's plans for the future operations of the domestic insurer, and any anti-competitive results that may arise from the consummation of the acquisition of control. Generally, U.S. state statutes provide that control over a domestic insurer is presumed to exist if any person, directly or indirectly, owns, controls, holds with the power to vote, or holds proxies representing 10 percent or more of the voting securities of the U.S. insurer. Because a person acquiring 10 percent or more of our Common Shares would indirectly control the same percentage of the stock of our insurance subsidiaries, the insurance change of control laws of various jurisdictions would likely apply to such a transaction. Although our Articles of Association may limit the voting power of any shareholder to less than 10 percent, applicable regulators may not agree that a shareholder that owned 10 percent or more of our Common Shares did not, because of the limitation on the voting power of such shares, control the applicable insurance subsidiary. Laws of other jurisdictions in which one or more of our existing companies are, or a future affiliate may be, organized or domiciled may contain similar restrictions on the acquisition of control of Chubb.

These laws may discourage potential acquisition proposals and may delay, deter, or prevent a change of control of Chubb, including transactions that some or all of our shareholders might consider to be desirable.

Shareholder voting requirements under Swiss law may limit our flexibility with respect to certain aspects of capital management
.

Swiss law allows our shareholders to authorize the Board of Directors to issue new shares within a pre-defined range under our capital band without further shareholder approval. Because such capital band is limited in duration, the authorization must be periodically renewed by our shareholders. Swiss law also does not provide as much flexibility as other jurisdictions in the various terms that can attach to different classes of stock and reserves for approval by shareholders many corporate actions that are not reserved for shareholders in other jurisdictions, such as approval of dividends. We cannot provide assurance that Swiss law requirements relating to our capital management will not have an adverse effect on Chubb or our shareholders.

29

Table of Contents

Chubb Limited is a Swiss company; it may be difficult to enforce judgments against it or its directors and executive officers.

Chubb Limited is incorporated pursuant to the laws of Switzerland. In addition, certain of our directors and officers reside outside the U.S. and all or a substantial portion of our assets and the assets of such persons are located in jurisdictions outside the U.S. As such, it may be difficult or impossible to effect service of process within the U.S. upon those persons or to recover against us or them on judgments of U.S. courts, including judgments predicated upon civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws.

Chubb has been advised by its Swiss counsel that there is doubt as to whether the courts in Switzerland would enforce:

•
judgments of U.S. courts based upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws obtained in actions against it or its directors and officers, who reside outside the U.S.; or

•
original actions brought in Switzerland against these persons or Chubb predicated solely upon U.S. federal securities laws.

Chubb has also been advised by its Swiss counsel that there is no treaty in effect between the U.S. and Switzerland providing for this enforcement, and there are grounds upon which Swiss courts may not enforce judgments of U.S. courts. Some remedies available under the laws of U.S. jurisdictions, including some remedies available under the U.S. federal securities laws, would not be allowed in Swiss courts as contrary to that country's public policy.

Shareholders may be subject to Swiss withholding taxes on the payment of dividends.

Our dividends are generally subject to a Swiss withholding tax at a rate of 35 percent; however, payment of a dividend in the form of a capital contribution reserve reduction or par value reduction is not subject to Swiss withholding tax. We have previously obtained shareholder approval for dividends to be paid in such form. It is our practice to recommend to shareholders that they annually approve the payment of dividends in such form, but we cannot assure that our shareholders will continue to approve a reduction in such form each year or that we will be able to meet the other legal requirements, or that Swiss withholding tax rules will not be changed in the future. We estimate we would be able to pay dividends in such form, and thus exempt from Swiss withholding tax, until 2032–2036. This range may vary depending upon changes in annual dividends, special dividends, share repurchases, the U.S. dollar/Swiss franc exchange rate, changes in par value or capital contribution reserves or adoption of changes or new interpretations to Swiss corporate or tax law or regulations.

Under certain circumstances, U.S. shareholders may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences.

Under certain circumstances, a U.S. person who owns or is deemed to own 10 percent or more of the voting power or value of a foreign corporation that is a “controlled foreign corporation” (CFC) (a foreign corporation in which 10 percent U.S. shareholders own or are deemed to own more than 50 percent of the voting power or value of the stock of a foreign corporation or more than 25 percent of certain foreign insurance corporations) for any period during a taxable year must include in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes a pro rata share of the CFC's "subpart F income". We believe that because of the dispersion of our share ownership it is unlikely that any U.S. person who acquires shares of Chubb Limited directly or indirectly through one or more foreign entities should be required to include any subpart F income in income under the CFC rules of U.S. tax law.

Separately, any U.S. persons who hold shares may be subject to U.S. federal income taxation at ordinary income tax rates on their proportionate share of our Related Person Insurance Income (RPII). If the RPII of any of our non-U.S. insurance subsidiaries (each a "Non-U.S. Insurance Subsidiary") were to equal or exceed 20 percent of that company's gross insurance income in any taxable year and direct or indirect insureds (and persons related to those insureds) own directly or indirectly through foreign entities 20 percent or more of the voting power or value of Chubb Limited, then a U.S. person who owns any shares of Chubb Limited (directly or indirectly through foreign entities) on the last day of the taxable year would be required to include in his or her income for U.S. federal income tax purposes such person's pro rata share of such company's RPII for the taxable year. In addition, any RPII that is includible in the income of a U.S. tax-exempt organization may be treated as unrelated business taxable income. We believe that the gross RPII of each Non-U.S. Insurance Subsidiary did not in prior years of operation and is not expected in the foreseeable future to equal or exceed 20 percent of each such company's gross insurance income. Likewise, we do not expect the direct or indirect insureds of each Non-U.S. Insurance Subsidiary (and persons related to such insureds) to directly or indirectly own 20 percent or more of either the voting power or value of our shares. However, we cannot be certain that this will be the case because some of the factors which determine the extent of RPII may be beyond our control. If these thresholds are met or exceeded, any U.S. person’s investment in Chubb Limited could be adversely affected. In 2022, the U.S. Treasury Department and the IRS released proposed regulations that may cause more income to be treated as RPII than under current law.

A U.S. tax-exempt organization may recognize unrelated business taxable income if a portion of our insurance income is allocated to the organization. This generally would be the case if either (i) Chubb Limited is considered a CFC and the tax-

30

Table of Contents

exempt shareholder is a 10 percent U.S. shareholder or (ii) there is RPII, certain exceptions do not apply, and the tax-exempt organization, directly (or indirectly through foreign entities) owns any shares of Chubb Limited. Although we do not believe that any U.S. tax-exempt organization should be allocated such insurance income, we cannot be certain that this will be the case. Potential U.S. tax-exempt investors are advised to consult their tax advisors.

U.S. persons who hold shares will be subject to adverse tax consequences if we are considered to be a Passive Foreign Investment Company (PFIC) for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

If Chubb Limited is considered a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a U.S. person who holds Chubb Limited shares will be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences in which case their investment could be adversely affected. In addition, if Chubb Limited were considered a PFIC, upon the death of any U.S. individual owning shares, such individual's heirs or estate would not be entitled to a "step-up" in the basis of the shares which might otherwise be available under U.S. federal income tax laws. We believe that we are not, have not been, and currently do not expect to become, a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. We cannot assure, however, that we will not be deemed a PFIC by the IRS. U.S. federal tax law and final and proposed regulations issued by the IRS and U.S. Treasury Department contain rules that may affect the application of the PFIC provisions to an insurance company. Shareholders are advised to consult their tax advisors.