Set
forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission are risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the
forward-looking statements contained in this report and other public statements we make. 

The anticipated benefits of our acquisition of Trammell Crow Company may not be realized

. 

We acquired Trammell Crow Company with the expectation that the acquisition will result in various benefits, including, among others, enhanced revenues, a
strengthened market position, cross-selling opportunities, cost savings, certain tax benefits and operating efficiencies. Achieving the anticipated benefits of the acquisition is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether we
successfully integrate Trammell Crow Company and achieving expected synergies from combined operations. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of
management’s time and energy, which could materially impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 

The success of our business is significantly related to general economic conditions and, accordingly, our business could be harmed in the event of
an economic slowdown or recession. 

Periods of economic
slowdown or recession, significantly rising interest rates, a declining employment level, a declining demand for real estate or the public perception that any of these events may occur, can reduce volumes for many of our business lines. These
economic conditions could result in a general decline in rents, which in turn would reduce revenue from property management fees and brokerage commissions derived from property sales and leases. In addition, these conditions could lead to a decline
in sales prices as well as a decline in funds invested in commercial real estate and related assets. Because our development and investment strategy often entails making relatively modest investments alongside our investor clients, our ability to
conduct these activities depends in part on the supply of investment capital for commercial real estate and related assets. 

An economic downturn or a significant increase in interest rates also may reduce the amount of loan originations and related servicing by our commercial
mortgage brokerage business. If our real estate and mortgage brokerage businesses are negatively impacted, it is likely that our other lines of business would also suffer due to the relationship among our various business lines. 

During an economic downturn, it may also take longer for us to dispose of
real estate investments or the selling prices may be lower than originally anticipated. As a result, the carrying value of our real estate investments may become impaired and we could record losses as a result of such impairment or we could
experience reduced profitability related to declines in real estate values. Further, as a result of our debt level and the terms of our existing debt instruments, our exposure to adverse general economic conditions is heightened. 

Our substantial leverage and debt service obligations could harm our
ability to operate our business, remain in compliance with debt covenants and make payments on our debt. 

We are highly leveraged and have significant debt service obligations. Although we paid down our high-interest debt in 2006, we borrowed approximately
$2.2 billion under our new senior secured term loan facilities 

15 

Table of Contents

in December 2006 (of which $2.1 billion has been drawn as of December 31, 2006) to finance our acquisition of Trammell Crow Company. For 2007, our
estimated interest expense is approximately $140 million. Our level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay when due the principal of, interest on or other amounts due in respect of our
indebtedness. In addition, we may incur additional debt from time to time to finance strategic acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or for other purposes, subject to the restrictions contained in the documents governing our indebtedness. If we
incur additional debt, the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our debt, would increase. 

Our debt could have other important consequences, which include, but are not limited to, the following: 

•

 we could be required to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to pay principal and interest on our debt; 

•

 our level of debt may restrict us from raising additional financing on satisfactory terms to fund working capital, strategic acquisitions, investments, joint
ventures and other general corporate requirements; 

•

 our interest expense could increase if interest rates increase because the loans under our amended credit agreement governing our senior secured term loan
facilities bear interest at floating rates; 

•

 our leverage could increase our vulnerability to general economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions, placing us at a disadvantage compared
to those of our competitors that are less leveraged; 

•

 our debt service obligations could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and in the commercial real estate services
industry; 

•

 our failure to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants in the documents governing our indebtedness, which, among others, require us to maintain
specified financial ratios and limit our ability to incur additional debt and sell assets, could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could harm our business or prospects; and 

•

 from time to time, Moody’s Investors Service and Standard & Poor’s Ratings Service rate our significant outstanding debt. These ratings may
impact our ability to borrow under any new agreements in the future, as well as the interest rates and other terms of any current or future borrowings and could also cause a decline in the market price of our common stock.

We cannot be certain that our earnings will
be sufficient to allow us to pay principal and interest on our debt and meet our other obligations. If we do not have sufficient earnings, we may be required to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, borrow more money or sell more
securities, none of which we can guarantee that we will be able to do. 

We are able to incur more indebtedness, which may intensify the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our indebtedness. 

Our current amended and restated credit agreement governing our revolving credit facility and our senior secured term loan
facilities permits us, subject to specified conditions, to incur a significant amount of additional indebtedness, including up to $600.0 million of additional indebtedness under our revolving credit facility and $400.0 million of additional debt
under our senior secured term loan facilities, subject to the satisfaction of customary conditions. If we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our debt, would increase. 

Subject to the maximum amounts of indebtedness permitted in our bank
covenants, we are not restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur in connection with the financing of our development activities and we may in the future incur such indebtedness in order to decrease the amount of equity
we invest in these activities. 

16 

Table of Contents

Our debt instruments impose operating and financial restrictions on us, and in the event of a
default, all of our borrowings would become immediately due and payable. 

Our debt instruments, including our amended and restated credit agreement, impose, and the terms of any future debt may impose, operating and other restrictions on us and many of our subsidiaries. These restrictions
will affect, and in many respects will limit or prohibit, our ability and our restricted subsidiaries’ abilities to: 

•

 incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; 

•

 pay dividends or make distributions on capital stock or redeem or repurchase capital stock; 

•

 repurchase equity interests; 

•

 make investments; 

•

 create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts to us; 

•

 transfer or sell assets, including the stock of subsidiaries; 

•

 create liens; 

•

 enter into transactions with affiliates; 

•

 enter into sale/leaseback transactions; and 

•

 enter into mergers or consolidations. 

Our amended and restated credit agreement also requires us to maintain compliance with specified financial ratios. Our ability to comply with these ratios
may be affected by events beyond our control. 

The restrictions
contained in our debt instruments could: 

•

 limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions or meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans; and

•

 adversely affect our ability to finance ongoing operations, strategic acquisitions, investments or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities
that would be in our interest. 

A breach of
any of these restrictive covenants or the inability to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default under our debt instruments. If any such default occurs, the lenders under the senior secured term loan facilities may elect to
declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under our senior secured term loan facilities also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments
they have to provide further borrowings. If we are unable to repay outstanding borrowings when due, the lenders under the senior secured term loan facilities will have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt,
which collateral is described in the immediately following risk factor. If the debt under the senior secured term loan facilities were to be accelerated, we cannot give assurance that this collateral would be sufficient to repay our debt.

If we fail to meet our payment or other obligations
under the senior secured term loans, the lenders under the senior secured term loans could foreclose on, and acquire control of, substantially all of our assets. 

In connection with the incurrence of indebtedness under our senior secured term loan facilities and the completion of our
acquisition of Trammell Crow Company, the lenders under our senior secured term loan facilities received a pledge of all of our equity interests in our significant domestic subsidiaries, including CB Richard Ellis Services, Inc., CBRE Investors,
CBRE Melody, Insignia, CB Richard Ellis Real Estate Services, LLC, Trammell Crow Company and CBRE Real Estate Services, Inc. and 65% of the voting stock of our foreign subsidiaries that is held directly by us or our domestic subsidiaries.
Additionally, these lenders generally have a lien on substantially all of our accounts receivable, cash, general intangibles, investment property and future 

17 

Table of Contents

acquired material property. As a result of these pledges and liens, if we fail to meet our payment or other obligations under the senior secured term loan
facilities, the lenders under the senior secured term loan facilities will be entitled to foreclose on substantially all of our assets and liquidate these assets. 

Our success depends upon the retention of our senior management, as well as our ability to attract and retain
qualified and experienced employees (including those acquired through acquisitions). 

Our continued success is highly dependent upon the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees, including Brett White, our Chief Executive Officer and President; and Kenneth J. Kay, our Chief Financial
Officer. Messrs. White and Kay currently are not parties to employment agreements with us. We also are highly dependent upon the retention of our property sales and leasing professionals, who generate a significant majority of our revenues, as well
as other revenue producing professionals. If any of our key employees leave (including those acquired through acquisitions), or we lose a significant number of key revenue producers, and we are unable to quickly hire and integrate qualified
replacements, our business, financial condition and results of operations may suffer. In addition, the growth of our business is largely dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel in all areas of our business, including
brokerage and property management personnel. If we are unable to attract and retain these qualified personnel, our growth may be limited and our business and operating results could suffer. 

Our growth has benefited significantly from acquisitions, which may not
be available in the future. 

A significant component of
our growth has occurred through acquisitions, including our acquisition of Insignia in July 2003 and most recently our acquisition of Trammell Crow Company in December 2006. Any future growth through acquisitions will be partially dependent upon the
continued availability of suitable acquisition candidates at favorable prices and upon advantageous terms and conditions. However, future acquisitions may not be available at favorable prices or upon advantageous terms and conditions. In addition,
acquisitions involve risks that the businesses acquired will not perform in accordance with expectations and that business judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired will prove incorrect. Future acquisitions and
any necessary related financings also may involve significant transaction-related expenses. For example, through December 31, 2006, we incurred $200.9 million of transaction-related expenditures in connection with our acquisition of Insignia in
2003 and $144.5 million of transaction-related expenditures in connection with our acquisition of Trammell Crow Company in 2006. Transaction-related expenditures included severance costs, lease termination costs, transaction costs, deferred
financing costs and merger-related costs, among others. We incurred our final transaction expenditures with respect to the Insignia acquisition in the third quarter of 2004 and expect to incur our final transaction expenditures with respect to the
Trammell Crow Company acquisition by the end of 2007. 

Our international operations subject us to social, political and economic risks of doing business in foreign countries. 

We conduct a significant portion of our business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the United States. During 2006, we generated
approximately 37.6% of our revenue from operations outside the United States. Circumstances and developments related to international operations that could negatively affect our business, financial condition or results of operations include, but are
not limited to, the following factors: 

•

 difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations in certain regions; 

•

 currency restrictions, which may prevent the transfer of capital and profits to the United States; 

•

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences; 

•

 the responsibility of complying with multiple and potentially conflicting laws, e.g., with respect to corrupt practices, employment and licensing;

18 

Table of Contents

•

 the impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability; 

•

 the geographic, language and cultural differences among personnel in different areas of the world; 

•

 greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable in some geographic regions such as Asia, where many countries have underdeveloped insolvency laws and clients
are often slow to pay, and in some European countries, where clients also tend to delay payments; 

•

 political instability; and 

•

 foreign ownership restrictions with respect to operations in countries such as China. 

We have committed additional resources to expand our worldwide sales and
marketing activities, to globalize our service offerings and products in selected markets and to develop local sales and support channels. If we are unable to successfully implement these plans, to maintain adequate long-term strategies that
successfully manage the risks associated with our global business or to adequately manage operational fluctuations, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. 

In addition, our international operations and, specifically, the ability of
our non-U.S. subsidiaries to dividend or otherwise transfer cash among our subsidiaries, including transfers of cash to pay interest and principal on our debt, may be affected by currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations
and potentially adverse tax consequences, among other things. 

Our revenue and earnings may be adversely affected by foreign currency fluctuations. 

Our revenue from non-U.S. operations is denominated primarily in the local currency where the associated revenue was earned. During 2006, approximately
37.6% of our business was transacted in currencies of foreign countries, the majority of which included the Euro, the British Pound Sterling, the Canadian dollar, the Hong Kong dollar, the Japanese yen, the Singapore dollar and the Australian
dollar. Thus, we may experience fluctuations in revenues and earnings because of corresponding fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 

We have made significant acquisitions of non-U.S. companies and we may acquire additional foreign companies in the future. As we increase our foreign
operations, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the other currencies in which we may generate earnings could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Due to the constantly changing currency
exposures to which we are subject and the volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon future operating results. In addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may make
it more difficult to perform period-to-period comparisons of our reported results of operations. 

From time to time, our management uses currency hedging instruments, including foreign currency forward and option contracts and borrows in foreign
currencies. Economic risks associated with these hedging instruments include unexpected fluctuations in inflation rates, which impact cash flow relative to paying down debt, and unexpected changes in the underlying net asset position. 

If we acquire companies in the future, we may experience integration
costs and the acquired businesses may not perform as we expect. 

We have had, and may continue to experience, difficulties in integrating operations and accounting systems acquired from other companies. These challenges include the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns and
the potential loss of our key employees or those of the acquired operations. We believe that most acquisitions will initially have an adverse impact on operating and net income. Acquisitions also frequently involve significant costs related to
integrating information technology, accounting and management services and rationalizing personnel levels. In connection with the Insignia acquisition we have incurred $38.1 

19 

Table of Contents

million of expenses through December 31, 2006, which are related to the integration of Insignia’s business lines, as well as accounting and other
systems, into our own. 

If we are unable to fully integrate the
accounting and other systems of the businesses we acquire, we may not be able to effectively manage them. Moreover, the integration process itself may be disruptive to our business as it requires coordination of geographically diverse organizations
and implementation of new accounting and information technology systems. 

If the properties that we manage fail to perform, then our financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 

The revenue we generate from our asset services and facilities management lines of business is generally a percentage of
aggregate rent collections from properties, although many management agreements provide for a specified minimum management fee. Accordingly, our success partially depends upon the performance of the properties we manage. The performance of these