Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file with the SEC are risks and uncertainties that could cause our
actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report and other public statements we make. Based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the matters discussed
below identify the most significant risk factors affecting our business. However, the risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently
believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. 

9 

Table of Contents

The success of our business is significantly related to general economic conditions
and, accordingly, our business could be harmed by an economic slowdown and downturn in commercial real estate asset values, property sales and leasing activities. 

Periods of economic weakness or recession, significantly
rising interest rates, declining employment levels, declining demand for commercial real estate, falling real estate values, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, may negatively affect the performance of some or all of our
business lines. These economic conditions can result in a general decline in acquisition, disposition and leasing activity, as well as a general decline in the value of commercial real estate and in rents, which in turn reduces revenue from property
management fees and commissions derived from property sales, leasing, valuation and financing, as well as revenues associated with development activities. In addition, we could experience a reduction in the amount of fees we earn in our Global
Investment Management business if our assets under management decrease or those assets fail to perform as anticipated. These conditions can lead to a decline in property sales prices as well as a decline in funds invested in existing commercial real
estate assets and properties planned for development. 

Our development and investment strategy often entails making relatively modest investments alongside our investor clients. Our ability to conduct these activities depends in part on the supply of
investment capital for commercial real estate and related assets. During an economic downturn, investment capital is usually constrained and it may take longer for us to dispose of real estate investments or selling prices may be lower than
originally anticipated. As a result, the value of our commercial real estate investments may be reduced and we could realize losses or diminished profitability. In addition, economic downturns may reduce the amount of loan originations and related
servicing by our commercial mortgage brokerage business. 

Performance of our asset services line of business partially depends upon the performance of the properties we manage because our fees are generally based on a percentage of aggregate rent collections
from these properties. The performance of these properties may be impacted by many factors which are partially or completely outside of our control, including (i) real estate and financial market conditions prevailing generally and locally, (ii) our
ability to attract and retain creditworthy tenants, particularly during economic downturns; and (iii) the magnitude of defaults by tenants under their respective leases, which may increase during distressed conditions. 

During 2008 and 2009, credit became severely constrained and
prohibitively expensive and real estate market activity contracted sharply in most markets around the world as a result of the global financial crisis and the deep economic recession. These adverse macro conditions impacted real estate services
companies like ours by significantly hampering transaction activity and lowering real estate valuations. Similar to other commercial real estate services firms, our transaction volumes fell during 2008 and most of 2009, and as a result, our stock
price declined significantly. If the economic and market conditions that prevailed in 2008 and 2009 were to return, our business performance and profitability could again deteriorate. 

Adverse developments in the credit markets may harm our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Our Global Investment
Management, Development Services and Capital Markets (including investment property sales and debt and equity financing services) businesses are sensitive to credit cost and availability as well as marketplace liquidity. Additionally, the revenues
in all of our businesses are dependent to some extent on the overall volume of activity (and pricing) in the commercial real estate market. 

Disruptions in the credit markets may adversely affect our business of providing advisory services to owners, investors and occupiers of
real estate in connection with the leasing, disposition and acquisition of property. If our clients are unable to procure credit on favorable terms, there may be fewer completed leasing transactions, dispositions and acquisitions of property. In
addition, if purchasers of real estate are not able to procure favorable financing resulting in the lack of disposition opportunities for our funds and projects, our 

10 

Table of Contents

Global Investment Management and Development Services businesses will be unable to generate incentive fees and we may also experience losses of co-invested equity capital if the disruption causes
a permanent decline in the value of investments made. 

In 2008 and 2009, the credit markets experienced a disruption of unprecedented magnitude. This disruption reduced the availability and significantly increased the cost of most sources of funding. In some
cases, these sources were eliminated. While the credit market has shown signs of improving since the second half of 2009, liquidity remains constrained and it is impossible to predict when the market will return to normalcy. This uncertainty may
lead market participants to continue to act more conservatively, which may amplify decreases in demand and pricing in the markets we serve. 

Our debt instruments impose operating and financial restrictions on us and, in the event of a default, all of our borrowings would
become immediately due and payable. 

Our
debt instruments, including our credit agreement, impose, and the terms of any future debt may impose, operating and other restrictions on us and many of our subsidiaries. These restrictions affect, and in many respects limit or prohibit, our
ability to: 

•

 plan for or react to market conditions; 

•

 meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans; and 

•

 finance ongoing operations, strategic acquisitions, investments or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities that would be in our
interest, including: 

•

 incurring or guaranteeing additional indebtedness; 

•

 paying dividends or making distributions on or repurchases of capital stock; 

•

 repurchasing equity interests; 

•

 the payment of dividends or other amounts to us; 

•

 transferring or selling assets, including the stock of subsidiaries; 

•

 creating liens; and 

•

 entering into sale/leaseback transactions. 

Our credit agreement currently requires us to maintain a minimum coverage ratio of EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement) to total
interest expense of 2.25x and a maximum leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement) of 3.75x. Our ability to meet these financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot
give assurance that we will be able to meet those ratios when required. For example, we experienced a decline in EBITDA during the economic downturn in 2008 to 2009, which negatively impacted our minimum coverage ratio and maximum leverage ratio.
However, we significantly reduced our cost structure during 2008 and 2009, and, as a result of these cost reductions as well as renewed growth in our business, we are well within compliance with the minimum coverage ratio and the maximum leverage
ratio under our credit agreement. Our coverage ratio of EBITDA to total interest expense was 15.0x for the year ended December 31, 2011 and our leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA was 1.53x as of December 31, 2011.
We continue to monitor our projected compliance with these financial ratios and other terms of our credit agreement. 

A breach of any of these restrictive covenants or the inability to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default
under our debt instruments. If any such default occurs, the lenders under our credit agreement may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under our
credit agreement also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. If we are unable to repay outstanding 

11 

Table of Contents

borrowings when due, the lenders under our credit agreement will have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt, which collateral is described in the
immediately following risk factor. If the debt under our credit agreement were to be accelerated, we cannot give assurance that this collateral would be sufficient to repay our debt. 

If we fail to meet our payment or other obligations under our credit agreement, the lenders under such
credit agreement could foreclose on, and acquire control of, substantially all of our assets. 

Our credit agreement is jointly and severally guaranteed by us and substantially all of our domestic subsidiaries. Borrowings under our
credit agreement are secured by a pledge of substantially all of the capital stock of our U.S. subsidiaries and 65% of the capital stock of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries. In addition, in connection with any amendment to our credit agreement, we may
need to grant additional collateral to the lenders. If we are unable to repay outstanding borrowings when due, the lenders under our credit agreement will have the right to proceed against this pledged capital stock and take control of substantially
all of our assets. 

Our substantial leverage
and debt service obligations could harm our ability to operate our business, remain in compliance with debt covenants and make payments on our debt. 

We are highly leveraged and have significant debt service obligations. We established new term loans totaling approximately $800.0 million
under our credit agreement in 2011 to finance the REIM Acquisitions. As of December 31, 2011, our total debt, excluding notes payable on real estate and warehouse lines of credit (both of which are generally nonrecourse to us), was
approximately $2.5 billion. For the year ended December 31, 2011, our interest expense was approximately $150.2 million. Our level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay when due the
principal of, interest on or other amounts due in respect of our indebtedness. In addition, we may incur additional debt from time to time to finance strategic acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or for other purposes, subject to the
restrictions contained in the documents governing our indebtedness. If we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our debt, would increase. If we are required to seek an amendment to our credit
agreement, our debt service obligations may be substantially increased. 

Our debt could have other important consequences, which include, but are not limited to, the following: 

•

 a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations is used to pay principal and interest on our debt; 

•

 our interest expense could increase if interest rates increase because the loans under our credit agreement generally bear interest at floating rates;

•

 our leverage could increase our vulnerability to general economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions, placing us at a
disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that are less leveraged; 

•

 our debt service obligations could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and in the commercial real estate
services industry; 

•

 our failure to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants in the documents governing our indebtedness could result in an event of
default that, if not cured or waived, results in foreclosure on substantially all of our assets; and 

•

 our level of debt may restrict us from raising additional financing on satisfactory terms to fund strategic acquisitions, investments, joint ventures
and other general corporate requirements. 

From time to time, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., rate our significant outstanding debt. These
ratings and any downgrades thereof may impact our ability to borrow under any new agreements in the future, as well as the interest rates and 

12 

Table of Contents

other terms of any future borrowings, and could also cause a decline in the market price of our Class A common stock in addition to our outstanding debt instruments. 

We cannot be certain that our earnings will be sufficient to
allow us to pay principal and interest on our debt and meet our other obligations. If we do not have sufficient earnings, we may be required to seek to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, borrow more money or sell more
securities, none of which we can guarantee that we will be able to do and which, if accomplished, may adversely impact our stock price. 

We have limited restrictions on the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur, which may intensify the risks
associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our indebtedness. 

Subject to the maximum amounts of indebtedness permitted by our credit agreement covenants, we are not restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur in connection with the
financing of our development activities, and we may in the future incur such indebtedness in order to decrease the amount of equity we invest in these activities. Subject to certain covenants in our various bank credit agreements, we are also not
restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt CBRE Capital Markets may incur in connection with funding loan originations for multi-family properties having prior purchase commitments by a government sponsored entity. 

If we experience defaults by multiple clients or
counterparties, it could adversely affect our business. 

We could be adversely affected by the actions and deteriorating financial condition and results of operations of certain of our clients or counterparties if that led to losses or defaults by one or more
of them, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Any of our clients may experience a downturn in their business that may weaken their results of operations and financial condition. As a
result, a client may fail to make payments when due, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy. Any client bankruptcy or insolvency, or the failure of any client to make payments when due, could result in material losses to our company. A client
bankruptcy would delay or preclude full collection of amounts owed to us. Additionally, certain corporate services and property management client agreements require that we advance payroll and other vendor costs on behalf of clients. If such a
client were to file bankruptcy or otherwise fail, we may not be able to obtain reimbursement for those costs or for the severance obligations we would incur as a result of the loss of the client. 

The bankruptcy or insolvency of a significant counterparty
(which may include co-brokers, lenders, insurance companies, hedging counterparties, service providers or other organizations with which we do business), or the failure of any significant counterparty to perform its contractual commitments, may
result in disruption to our business or material losses to our company. 

Our goodwill and other intangible assets could become further impaired, which may require us to take significant non-cash charges against earnings. 

Under current accounting guidelines, we must assess, at least
annually and potentially more frequently, whether the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets has been impaired. Any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets as a result of such analysis would result in a non-cash charge against
earnings, which charge could materially adversely affect our reported results of operations, stockholders’ equity and our stock price. For example, due to the severe market downturn and credit crisis, we determined in December 2008 that the
negative impact of the global economic slowdown and resulting decline in our stock price represented an adverse change in our business climate, requiring us to undertake an interim evaluation of our goodwill and other intangible assets for
impairment. As a result, we incurred charges of $1.2 billion in connection with the impairment of goodwill and other non-amortizable intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2008. A significant and sustained decline in our future
cash flows, a significant adverse change in the economic environment, slower growth rates or if our stock price falls below our net book value per share for a sustained period, all could result in the need to perform additional impairment analysis
in future periods. If we were to conclude that a future write-down of goodwill or other intangible assets is necessary, then we would record such additional charges, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

13 

Table of Contents

Our success depends upon the retention of our senior management, as well as our
ability to attract and retain qualified and experienced employees (including those acquired through acquisitions). 

Our continued success is highly dependent upon the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees, including Brett White, our
Chief Executive Officer. Mr. White and certain other key employees are not parties to employment agreements with us. We also are highly dependent upon the retention of our property sales and leasing professionals, who generate a significant
amount of our revenues, as well as other revenue producing professionals. The departure of any of our key employees (including those acquired through acquisitions), or the loss of a significant number of key revenue producers, if we are unable to
quickly hire and integrate qualified replacements, could cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to suffer. In addition, the growth of our business is largely dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified
support personnel in all areas of our business, including brokerage and property management personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense and we may not be able to successfully recruit, integrate or retain sufficiently qualified personnel.
We use equity incentives to help retain and incentivize our key personnel. Any significant decline in, or failure to grow, our stock price may result in an increased risk of loss of these key personnel. If we are unable to attract and retain these
qualified personnel, our growth may be limited and our business and operating results could suffer. 

Our international operations subject us to social, political and economic risks of doing business in foreign countries. 

We conduct a significant portion of our business and employ a
substantial number of people outside of the United States and as a result, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally. During 2011, we generated approximately 41% of our revenue from operations outside the United States. With
the REIM Acquisitions, the footprint of our Global Investment Management business has significantly expanded, particularly in Europe and Asia. Additional circumstances and developments related to international operations that could negatively affect
our business, financial condition or results of operations include, but are not limited to, the following factors: 

•

 difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations among diverse geographies, languages and cultures;

•

 currency restrictions, transfer pricing regulations and adverse tax consequences, which may impact our ability to transfer capital and profits to the
United States; 

•

 arbitrary adverse changes in regulatory or tax requirements; 

•

 the responsibility of complying with multiple and potentially conflicting laws, e.g., with respect to corrupt practices, employment and licensing;

•

 the impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability, particularly in Europe, which has seen a developing crisis in
sovereign debt, and which could be further significantly and adversely impacted if the Euro were to fail as a single currency; 

•

 greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable in some geographic regions such as Asia, where many countries have underdeveloped insolvency laws;

•

 a tendency for clients to delay payments in some European and Asian countries; 

•

 political and economic instability in certain countries; and 

•

 foreign ownership restrictions with respect to operations in countries such as China. 

Although we maintain anti-corruption and anti-money
laundering compliance programs throughout the company, violations of our compliance programs may result in criminal or civil sanctions, including material 

14 

Table of Contents

monetary fines, penalties, equitable remedies (including disgorgement), and other costs against us or our employees, and may have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business.

We have committed additional resources to expand
our worldwide sales and marketing activities, to globalize our service offerings and products in selected markets and to develop local sales and support channels. If we are unable to successfully implement these plans, maintain adequate long-term
strategies that successfully manage the risks associated with our global business or adequately manage operational fluctuations, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. 

Our revenue and earnings may be adversely affected by
foreign currency fluctuations. 

Our
revenue from non-U.S. operations is denominated primarily in the local currency where the associated revenue was earned. During 2011, approximately 41% of our revenue was transacted in foreign currencies, the majority of which included the Euro, the
British pound sterling, the Canadian dollar, the Chinese yuan, the Hong Kong dollar, the Japanese yen, the Singapore dollar, the Australian dollar and the Indian rupee. With the closing of the REIM Acquisitions, our Global Investment Management
business now has a significant amount of Euro-denominated assets under management as well as associated revenue and earnings in Europe, which has seen a developing crisis in sovereign debt resulting in a notable drop in the value of the Euro against
the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may result in corresponding fluctuations in our assets under management, revenue and earnings. 

Over time, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar and the Euro relative to the other currencies in which we may generate earnings
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate
fluctuations upon future operating results. In addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and the Euro may make it more difficult to perform period-to-period comparisons of our reported results of operations. 

From time to time, our management uses currency hedging
instruments, including foreign currency forward and option contracts and borrows in foreign currencies. There can be no assurance that these hedging instruments will be available when needed. Additionally, economic risks associated with these
hedging instruments include unexpected fluctuations in inflation rates, which impact cash flow, and unexpected changes in the underlying net asset position. 

Our growth has benefited significantly from acquisitions, which may not be available in the future or perform as expected.

A significant component of our growth has
occurred through acquisitions, including our acquisition of the Trammell Crow Company in December 2006 and the REIM Acquisitions that we completed in the second half of 2011. Any future growth through acquisitions will be partially dependent upon
the continued availability of suitable acquisition candidates at favorable prices and upon advantageous terms and conditions, which may not be available to us, as well as sufficient liquidity and credit to fund these acquisitions. We may incur
significant additional debt from time to time to finance any such acquisitions, subject to the restrictions contained in the documents governing our then-existing indebtedness. If we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our leverage,
including our ability to service our then-existing debt, would increase. In addition, acquisitions involve risks that business judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired will prove incorrect. Future acquisitions
and any necessary related financings also may involve significant transaction-related expenses, which include severance, lease termination, transaction and deferred financing costs, among others. 

We have had, and may continue to experience, difficulties in
integrating operations and accounting systems acquired from other companies. These challenges include the diversion of management’s attention from other 

15 

Table of Contents

business concerns and the potential loss of our key employees or those of the acquired operations. The integration process itself may be disruptive to our business as it requires coordination of
geographically diverse organizations and implementation of new accounting and information technology systems. We believe that most acquisitions will initially have an adverse impact on operating and net income. Acquisitions also frequently involve
significant costs related to integrating information technology, accounting and management services and rationalizing personnel levels. As with prior material transactions, we expect to incur significant integration expenses associated with the REIM
Acquisitions in 2012 and beyond. 

The
anticipated benefits of the REIM Acquisitions may not be realized as we contemplated. 

We completed the REIM Acquisitions with the expectation that such acquisitions would result in various benefits, including, among others, enhanced revenues and margins, a strengthened market position,
cross-selling opportunities and operating efficiencies. Achieving the anticipated benefits of the REIM Acquisitions will be subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether we successfully integrate the business being acquired, achieve
expected synergies, and realize accretive benefits in the timeframe anticipated. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management’s time and
energy, which could materially impact our financial condition and operating results. 

Our revenue, net income and cash flow generated by our Global Investment Management business can vary significantly as a result of market developments. 

With the completion of the REIM Acquisitions, our Global
Investment Management business has significantly increased and become more globally diverse. With the addition of the REIM funds, a substantial part of our fees are more recurring in nature. However, the revenue, net income and cash flow
generated by our Global Investment Management business are all somewhat variable, primarily due to the fact that management, transaction and incentive fees can vary as a result of market movements from one period to another.

The pace at which the real estate markets worldwide turned
from positive to negative starting in 2007 and continuing into 2009 is an example of the market volatility to which we are subject and over which we have no control. The underlying market conditions, decisions regarding the acquisition and
disposition of fund and separate account assets, and the specifics of client mandates will cause the amount of asset management, transaction and incentive fees to vary from one product to another.

A substantial part of our fees are based upon the value of
the assets we manage and if asset values deteriorate our asset management fees will decline as a result. Our acquisition and disposition fees can decline as a result of delay in the deployment of capital or limited market liquidity. We also earn
incentive fees tied to portfolio performance, which fees may decline if there is a downturn in real estate markets and we fail to meet benchmarks or absolute return hurdles. Finally, during periods of economic weakness or recession, existing
and prospective clients in our Global Investment Management business may be less able or willing to commit new funds to real estate investments, which are inherently less liquid than many competing investment classes, thereby inhibiting the ability
of our Global Investment Management business to raise new funds. Additionally, investors with open commitments to provide additional investment could become less able or willing to honor their financial commitments and seek to renegotiate the
terms of their commitments or the fees that they are obligated to pay. To the extent that clients in our Global Investment Management business seek to avoid paying fees they are obligated to pay, or seek to avoid deploying capital that has been
committed, we could experience a rapid decrease in collection of fees and interruptions to our client relationships and business. 

Our real estate investment and co-investment activities subject us to real estate investment risks which could cause fluctuations in
earnings and cash flow. 

An important part
of the strategy for our Global Investment Management business involves investing our capital in certain real estate investments with our clients and there is an inherent risk of loss of our investments.

16 

Table of Contents

As of December 31, 2011, we had committed $59.4 million to fund future co-investments, all of which is expected to be funded during 2012. In addition to required future capital
contributions, some of the co-investment entities may request additional capital from us and our subsidiaries holding investments in those assets. The failure to provide these contributions could have adverse consequences to our interests in these
investments, including damage to our reputation with our co-investment partners and clients, as well as the necessity of obtaining alternative funding from other sources that may be on disadvantageous terms for us and the other co-investors.
Participating as a co-investor is a very important part of our Global Investment Management business, which would suffer if we were unable to make these investments. Although our debt instruments contain restrictions that limit our ability to
provide capital to the entities holding direct or indirect interests in co-investments, we may provide this capital in many instances. 

Selective investment in real estate projects is an important part of our Development Services business strategy and there is an inherent
risk of loss of our investment. As of December 31, 2011, we had approximately 45 consolidated real estate projects with invested equity of $26.9 million and $13.6 million of notes payable on real estate that are recourse to us (in addition to
being recourse to the single-purpose entity that holds the real estate asset and is the primary obligor on the note payable). In addition, at December 31, 2011, we were involved as a principal (in most cases, co-investing with our clients) in
approximately 45 unconsolidated real estate subsidiaries with invested equity of $52.3 million and had committed additional capital to these unconsolidated subsidiaries of $14.4 million. We also guaranteed notes payable of these unconsolidated
subsidiaries of $1.4 million, excluding guarantees for which we have outstanding liabilities accrued on our consolidated balance sheet. 

During the ordinary course of our Development Services business, we provide numerous completion and budget guarantees requiring us to
complete the relevant project within a specified timeframe and/or within a specified budget, with us potentially being liable for costs to complete in excess of such timeframe or budget. While we generally have “guaranteed maximum price”
contracts with reputable general contractors with respect to projects for which we provide these guarantees (which are intended to pass most of the risk to such contractors), there can be no assurance that we will not have to perform under any such
guarantees. If we are required to perform under a significant number of such guarantees, it could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Because the disposition of a single significant investment
can impact our financial performance in any period, our real estate investment activities could increase fluctuations in our net earnings and cash flow. In many cases, we have limited control over the timing of the disposition of these investments
and the recognition of any related gain or loss, or incentive participation fee. 

Poor performance of the investment programs that our Global Investment Management business manages would cause a decline in our revenue, net income and cash flow and could adversely affect our
ability to raise capital for future programs. 

In the event that any of the investment programs that our Global Investment Management business manages were to perform poorly, our revenue, net income and cash flow could decline because the value of the
assets we manage would decrease, which would result in a reduction in some of our management fees, and our investment returns would decrease, resulting in a reduction in the incentive compensation we earn. Moreover, we could experience losses on
co-investments of our own capital in such programs as a result of poor performance. Investors and potential investors in our programs continually assess our performance, and our ability to raise capital for existing and future programs and maintain
our current fee structure will depend on our continued satisfactory performance. 

17 

Table of Contents

We are subject to substantial litigation risks and may face significant liabilities
and damage to our professional reputation as a result of litigation allegations and negative publicity. 

As a licensed real estate broker, we and our licensed employees are subject to regulatory due diligence, disclosure and standard-of-care
obligations. Failure to fulfill these obligations could subject us or our employees to litigation from parties who purchased, sold or leased properties that we or they brokered or managed. We could become subject to claims by participants in real
estate sales, as well as building owners and companies for whom we provide management services, alleging that we did not fulfill our regulatory and fiduciary obligations. 

In addition, in our property management business, we hire and
supervise third-party contractors to provide construction services for our managed properties. While our role is limited to that of an agent for the owner, we may be subject to claims for construction defects or other similar actions. 

The advice we render in our financial advisory business and
the investment decisions we make in our Global Investment Management business and the activities of our investment banking and investment management professionals for or on behalf of our clients may subject them and us to the risk of third-party
litigation. Such litigation may arise from client or investor dissatisfaction with the performance of our programs and a variety of other litigation claims, including allegations that we improperly exercised judgment, discretion, control or
influence over client investments or that we breached fiduciary duties to clients. 

To the extent investors in our programs suffer losses resulting from fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct, investors may have remedies against us, our investment
programs or funds or our employees under the federal securities law and state law. Moreover, we are exposed to risks of litigation or investigation by investors and regulators relating to allegations of our having engaged in transactions involving
conflicts of interest that were not properly addressed. 

Some of these litigation risks may be mitigated by our self-insurance programs or by the commercial insurance we maintain in amounts we believe are appropriate. However, in the event of a substantial
loss, our insurance coverage and/or self-insurance reserve levels might not be sufficient to pay the full damages. Further, the value of otherwise valid claims we hold under insurance policies could become uncollectible in the event of the covering
insurance company’s insolvency, although we seek to limit this risk by placing our commercial insurance only with highly-rated companies. Any of these events could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations.

We depend on our business relationships and our
reputation for integrity and high-caliber professional services to attract and retain clients across our overall business, as well as investors for our Global Investment Management business. As a result, allegations by private litigants or
regulators of conflicts of interest or improper conduct by us, whether the ultimate outcome is favorable or unfavorable to us, as well as negative publicity and press speculation about us or our investment activities, whether or not valid, may harm
our reputation and damage our business prospects both in our Global Investment Management business and our other global businesses. In addition, if any lawsuits were brought against us and resulted in a finding of substantial legal liability, it
could materially, adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations or cause significant reputational harm to us, which could materially impact our business. 

Our joint venture activities involve unique risks that are often outside of our control which, if
realized, could harm our business. 

We
have utilized joint ventures for commercial investments and local brokerage and other affiliations both in the United States and internationally, and we may acquire minority interests in other joint ventures in the future. In many of these joint
ventures, we may not have the right or power to direct the management and policies of the joint ventures and other participants may take action contrary to our instructions or requests and against our policies and objectives. In addition, the other
participants may become bankrupt or have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. If a joint venture participant acts contrary to our interest, it could harm our brand, business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

18 

Table of Contents

We have numerous significant competitors and potential future competitors, some of
which may have greater financial and operational resources than we do. 

We compete across a variety of business disciplines within the commercial real estate services industry, including commercial property and corporate facilities management, occupier and property/agency
leasing, property sales, valuation, real estate investment management, commercial mortgage origination and servicing, capital markets (equity and debt) solutions, development services and proprietary research. Although we are the largest commercial
real estate services firm in the world in terms of 2011 revenue, our relative competitive position varies significantly across geographies, property types and services. Depending on the geography, property type or service, we face competition from
other commercial real estate service providers, including outsourcing companies that traditionally competed in limited portions of our facilities management business and have recently expanded their offerings, in-house corporate real estate
departments, developers, institutional lenders, insurance companies, investment banking firms, investment managers, and accounting and consulting firms. Some of these firms may have greater financial resources than we do. In addition, future changes
in laws could lead to the entry of other competitors, such as financial institutions. Although many of our competitors are local or regional firms and are substantially smaller than us, some of these competitors are larger on a local or regional
basis. We are also subject to competition from other large national and multi-national firms that have similar service competencies to ours. In general, there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively, to maintain current fee
levels or margins, or maintain or increase our market share. 

A significant portion of our operations are concentrated in California and our business could be harmed due to the ongoing economic downturn in the California real estate markets.

During 2011, approximately 10% of our
revenue was generated from transactions originating in California. As a result of the geographic concentration in California, the economic downturns in the California commercial real estate market and particularly in the local economies in San
Diego, Los Angeles and Orange County could harm our results of operations and disproportionately affect our business as compared to competitors who have less or different geographic concentrations. 

We operate in many jurisdictions with complex and
varied tax regimes. Changes in tax rules or the outcome of tax assessments and audits could cause an adverse effect on our results. 

We operate in many jurisdictions with complex and varied tax regimes, and are subject to different forms of taxation resulting in a
variable effective tax rate. In addition, from time to time we engage in transactions that involve different tax jurisdictions. Due to the different tax laws in the many jurisdictions where we operate, we are often required to make subjective
determinations. The tax authorities in the various jurisdictions where we carry on business may not agree with the determinations that are made by us with respect to the application of tax law. Such disagreements could result in disputes and,
ultimately, in the payment of additional funds to the government authorities of foreign and local jurisdictions where we carry on business, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, changes in tax rules or
the outcome of tax assessments and audits could have an adverse effect on our results in any particular quarter. 

Our estimate of tax related assets, liabilities, recoveries and expenses incorporates assumptions. These assumptions include, but are not
limited to, the tax laws in various jurisdictions, the effect of tax treaties between jurisdictions, taxable income projections, and the benefits of various restructuring plans. To the extent that such assumptions differ from actual results, we may
have to record additional income tax expenses and liabilities. 

We are subject to the possibility of loss contingencies arising out of tax claims, assessments related to uncertain tax positions and provisions for specifically identified income tax exposures. There are
currently tax audits ongoing in certain of the jurisdictions in which we operate. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in resolving potential tax claims that arise from these audits. We have recorded provisions on the basis of the
best current understanding; however, we could be required to book additional provisions in future periods 

19 

Table of Contents

for amounts that cannot be assessed at this stage. Our failure to do so and/or the need to increase our provisions for such claims could have an adverse effect on our financial position.

If the assets in our defined benefit
pension plans are not sufficient to meet the plans’ obligations, we may be required to make cash contributions to it and our liquidity may be adversely affected.

Our subsidiaries based in the United Kingdom maintain two
contributory defined benefit pension plans to provide retirement benefits to existing and former employees participating in the plans. With respect to these plans, our historical policy has been to contribute annually, an amount to fund pension cost
as actuarially determined and as required by applicable laws and regulations. Our contributions to these plans are invested and, if these investments do not perform in the future as well as we expect, we will be required to provide additional
funding to cover any shortfall. The underfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans included in pension liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, which are incorporated herein by reference, was $60.9 million and $40.0
million at December 31, 2011 and 2010, respectively. If the assets in our defined benefit pension plans continue to be insufficient to meet the plans’ obligations, we may be required to make substantial cash contributions preventing the
use of such cash for other purposes and adversely affecting our liquidity.

If we fail to maintain and protect our intellectual property, or infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, our business could be harmed and we could incur financial penalties.

Our business depends, in part, on our
ability to identify and protect proprietary information and other intellectual property (such as our service marks, client lists and information, business methods and research). Existing laws, or the application of those laws, of some countries in
which we operate may offer only limited protections for our intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of trade secrets, confidentiality policies, non-disclosure and other contractual arrangements, and on patent, copyright and trademark
laws to protect our intellectual property rights. Our inability to detect unauthorized use or take appropriate or timely steps to enforce our rights may have an adverse effect on our business. 

We cannot be sure that the intellectual property that we may use in the course of operating our business or the
services we offer to clients do not infringe on the rights of third parties, and we may have infringement claims asserted against us or against our clients. These claims may harm our reputation, cost us money and prevent us from offering some
services. 

Confidential intellectual property is
increasingly stored or carried on mobile devices, such as laptop computers, which makes inadvertent disclosure more of a risk in the event the mobile devices are lost or stolen and the information has not been adequately safeguarded or encrypted.

If we fail to comply with laws and
regulations applicable to us in our role as a real estate broker, mortgage broker, property/facility manager or developer, we may incur significant financial penalties. 

We are subject to numerous federal, state, local and non-U.S.
laws and regulations specific to the services we perform in our business, as well as laws of broader applicability, such as tax, securities, environmental and employment laws. Brokerage of real estate sales and leasing transactions and the provision
of property management and valuation services require us to maintain applicable licenses in each U.S. state and certain non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we perform these services. If we fail to maintain our licenses or conduct these activities
without a license, or violate any of the regulations covering our licenses, we may be required to pay fines (including treble damages in certain states) or return commissions received or have our licenses suspended or revoked. In addition, our
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, CBRE Global Investors, is subject to laws and regulations as a registered investment advisor and compliance failures or regulatory action could adversely affect our business. As the size and scope of commercial real
estate transactions have increased significantly during the past several years, both the difficulty of ensuring compliance with numerous licensing regimes and the possible loss resulting from non-compliance have increased. Furthermore, the laws and
regulations applicable to our 

20 

Table of Contents

business, both within and outside of the United States, also may change in ways that increase the costs of compliance or prevent us from providing certain types of services in connection with
certain transactions or clients. 

We may be subject to
environmental liability as a result of our role as a property or facility manager or developer of real estate. 

Various laws and regulations impose liability on real property owners or operators for the cost of investigating, cleaning up or removing
contamination caused by hazardous or toxic substances at a property. In our role as a property or facility manager or developer, we could be held liable as an operator for such costs. This liability may be imposed without regard to the legality of
the original actions and without regard to whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. If we fail to disclose environmental issues, we could also be liable to a buyer or lessee of a property. If we
incur any such liability, our business could suffer significantly as it could be difficult for us to develop or sell such properties, or borrow funds using such properties as collateral. Additionally, liabilities incurred to comply with more
stringent future environmental requirements could adversely affect any or all of our lines of business. 

Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The
words “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “should,” “propose,” “continue,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,”
“predict,” “project,” “will” and similar terms and phrases are used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to identify forward-looking statements. Except for historical information contained herein, the matters addressed in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements. These statements relate to analyses and other information based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements also relate to our future
prospects, developments and business strategies. 

These forward-looking statements are made based on our management’s expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting us
and are subject to uncertainties and factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. These uncertainties and factors could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those matters expressed in or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

The following factors are among those, but are not only those, that may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements: 

•

 integration issues arising out of the REIM Acquisitions and other companies we may acquire; 

•

 costs relating to the REIM Acquisitions and other businesses we may acquire; 

•

 the sustainability of the recovery in our investment sales and leasing business from the recessionary levels in 2008 and 2009;

•

 disruptions in general economic and business conditions, particularly in geographies where our business may be concentrated;

•

 volatility and disruption of the securities, capital and credit markets, interest rate increases, the cost and availability of capital for investment
in real estate, clients’ willingness to make real estate or long-term contractual commitments and other factors impacting the value of real estate assets, inside and outside the United States, particularly Europe, which is experiencing a
sovereign debt crisis; 

•

 continued high levels of, or increases in, unemployment and general slowdowns in commercial activity; 

•

 variations in historically customary seasonal patterns; 

21 

Table of Contents

•

 the impairment or weakened financial condition of certain of our clients; 

•

 client actions to restrain project spending and reduce outsourced staffing levels as well as the potential loss of clients in our outsourcing business
due to consolidation or bankruptcies; 

•

 our ability to diversify our revenue model to offset cyclical economic trends in the commercial real estate industry; 

•

 foreign currency fluctuations; 

•

 our ability to attract new user and investor clients; 

•

 our ability to retain major clients and renew related contracts; 

•

 a reduction by companies in their reliance on outsourcing for their commercial real estate needs, which would impact our revenues and operating
performance; 

•

 trends in pricing for commercial real estate services; 

•

 changes in tax laws in the United States or in other jurisdictions in which our business may be concentrated that reduce or eliminate deductions or
other tax benefits we receive; 

•

 our ability to compete globally, or in specific geographic markets or business segments that are material to us; 

•

 our ability to manage fluctuations in net earnings and cash flow, which could result from poor performance in our investment programs, including our
participation as a principal in real estate investments; 

•

 our ability to leverage our global services platform to maximize and sustain long-term cash flow; 

•

 our exposure to liabilities in connection with real estate brokerage and property management activities; 

•

 the ability of our Global Investment Management segment to realize values in investment funds sufficient to offset incentive compensation expense
related thereto; 

•

 liabilities under guarantees, or for construction defects, that we incur in our Development Services business; 

•

 the ability of CBRE Capital Markets to periodically amend, or replace, on satisfactory terms, the agreements for its warehouse lines of credit;

•

 the effect of implementation of new accounting rules and standards; and 

•

 the other factors described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, included under the headings “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies” and “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.” 

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the
statements are made. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting
forward-looking information, except to the extent required by applicable securities laws. If we do update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other
forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these and other risks and uncertainties is contained in our other periodic filings with the SEC.