Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other
documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission are risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report and other
public statements we make. Based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the matters discussed below identify the most significant risk factors affecting our business. However, the risks and uncertainties we face are not
limited to those described below. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. 

The success of our business is significantly related to general economic conditions and, accordingly, our
business has been and could continue to be harmed by the economic slowdown and downturn in real estate asset values, property sales and leasing activities. 

Periods of economic weakness or recession, significantly rising interest rates, declining employment levels,
declining demand for real estate, declining real estate values, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, have negatively affected and may continue to negatively affect the performance of many of our business lines. These economic
conditions have resulted in and could continue to result in a general decline in acquisition, disposition and leasing activity, as well as a general decline in the value of real estate and in rents, which in turn would reduce revenue from property
management fees and brokerage commissions derived from property sales, leases and mortgage brokerage as well as revenues associated with investment management and/or development activities. In addition, these conditions have led and could continue
to lead to a decline in property sales prices as well as a decline in funds invested in existing commercial real estate assets and properties planned for development. Because our development and investment strategy often entails making relatively
modest investments alongside our investor clients, our ability to conduct these activities depends in part on the supply of investment capital for commercial real estate and related assets. In addition, economic downturns have reduced, and may
continue to reduce, the amount of loan originations and related servicing by our commercial mortgage brokerage business. 

During an economic downturn, it may also take longer for us to dispose of real estate investments or the selling prices may be lower than
originally anticipated. As a result, the carrying value of our real estate investments may become impaired and we could record losses as a result of such impairment or we could experience reduced profitability related to declines in real estate
values. Further, as a result of our debt level and the terms of our existing debt instruments, our exposure to adverse general economic conditions is heightened. 

Recently, the availability and cost of credit, a declining real estate market (in particular, in those markets
in which we have generated significant transaction revenues in the past, such as the United States) and geopolitical issues have contributed to increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and the markets going forward. These
factors, combined with volatile oil prices, declining business and consumer confidence and increased unemployment, have precipitated an economic slowdown and a global recession. The fragility of the credit markets and the current economic
environment have impacted real estate services companies like ours through liquidity restrictions, falling transaction volumes, lower real estate valuations, market volatility and fluctuations, and loss of confidence. Similar to other commercial
real estate services firms, our transaction volumes fell throughout 2008 and 2009 and our stock price has declined significantly since 2007. 

These negative general economic conditions could continue to reduce the overall amount of sale and leasing activity in the commercial real
estate industry, and hence the demand for our services. We are unable to predict the likely duration and severity of the current disruption in financial markets and adverse economic conditions in the United States and other countries. Our revenues
and profitability depend on the overall demand for our services from our clients. While it is possible that the increase in the number of distressed sales and resulting decrease in asset prices will eventually translate to greater market activity,
the current overall reduction in sales transaction volume continues to materially and adversely impact our business. 

15 

Table of Contents

If the conditions that prevailed in the economy and the commercial real estate market in
2008 and 2009 continue for an extended period or worsen in the future, our business performance and profitability could continue to fall. If this were to occur, we could fail to comply with certain financial covenants in our credit agreement which
would force us to seek an amendment with the lenders under our credit agreement, and no assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain any necessary waivers or amendments on satisfactory terms, if at all. In addition, in an extreme
deterioration of our business, we could have insufficient liquidity to meet our debt service obligations when they come due in future years. If we fail to meet our payment or other obligations under our credit agreement, the lenders under the
agreement will be entitled to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt owed. 

Recent adverse developments in the credit markets and the risk of continued market deterioration have adversely affected and may
continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our Global Investment Management, Development Services and capital markets (including investment property sales and debt and equity financing
services) businesses are sensitive to credit cost and availability as well as marketplace liquidity. Additionally, the revenues in all of our businesses are dependent to some extent on the overall volume of activity (and pricing) in the commercial
real estate market. In 2008 and continuing throughout 2009, the credit markets experienced a disruption of unprecedented magnitude. This disruption has reduced the availability and significantly increased the cost of most sources of funding. In some
cases, these sources have been eliminated. 

Disruptions in the credit markets have adversely affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business of providing advisory services to owners, investors and occupiers of real estate in connection with the leasing, disposition and
acquisition of property. If our clients are unable to procure credit on favorable terms, there may be fewer completed leasing transactions, dispositions and acquisitions of property. In addition, if purchasers of real estate are not able to procure
favorable financing resulting in the lack of disposition opportunities for our funds and projects, our Global Investment Management and Development Services businesses will be unable to generate incentive fees and we may also experience losses of
co-invested equity capital if the disruption causes a permanent decline in the value of investments made. 

The scope of the credit market disruption in late 2008 and early 2009 was well beyond what any market participant anticipated. While the
credit market showed signs of improving in the second half of 2009, liquidity remains constrained and it is impossible to predict when the market will return to normalcy. This uncertainty may lead market participants to continue to act more
conservatively than in recent history, which may amplify decreases in demand and pricing in the markets we serve. 

Our debt instruments impose operating and financial restrictions on us and, in the event of a default, all of our borrowings would
become immediately due and payable. 

Our
debt instruments, including our credit agreement, impose, and the terms of any future debt may impose, operating and other restrictions on us and many of our subsidiaries. These restrictions will affect, and in many respects will limit or prohibit,
our ability and our guarantor subsidiaries’ abilities to: 

•

 incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; 

•

 pay dividends or make distributions on capital stock or redeem or repurchase capital stock; 

•

 repurchase equity interests; 

•

 make investments; 

•

 create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts to us; 

•

 transfer or sell assets, including the stock of subsidiaries; 

16 

Table of Contents

•

 create liens; 

•

 enter into transactions with affiliates; 

•

 enter into sale/leaseback transactions; and 

•

 enter into mergers or consolidations. 

As detailed below, our credit agreement contains financial covenants that currently require us to maintain a maximum leverage ratio of
Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in our credit agreement) to total debt less available cash and a minimum coverage ratio of interest. Our ability to meet these financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot assure you
that we will be able to meet those ratios when required. Due to the decline in Consolidated EBITDA in recent periods, and if our Consolidated EBITDA continues to decline in future periods, and we are unable to negotiate any additional amendments to
our credit agreement, we may be unable to comply with the financial covenants under our credit agreement in future periods. We significantly reduced our cost structure during 2008 and further reduced costs in 2009. As a result, we were well within
compliance with the minimum coverage ratio and the maximum leverage ratio in 2009. We continue to monitor our projected compliance with these financial ratios and other terms of our credit agreement. 

A breach of any of these restrictive covenants or the inability
to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default under our debt instruments. If any such default occurs, the lenders under our credit agreement may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and
other fees, to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under our credit agreement also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. If we are unable to repay outstanding borrowings
when due, the lenders under our credit agreement will have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt, which collateral is described in the immediately following risk factor. If the debt under our credit agreement
were to be accelerated, we cannot give assurance that this collateral would be sufficient to repay our debt. 

The restrictions contained in our debt instruments could also: 

•

 limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions or meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans; and

•

 adversely affect our ability to finance ongoing operations, strategic acquisitions, investments or other capital needs or to engage in other business
activities that would be in our interest. 

If we fail to meet our payment or other obligations under our credit agreement, the lenders under such credit agreement could foreclose on, and acquire control of, substantially all of our assets.

Our credit agreement is jointly and
severally guaranteed by us and substantially all of our domestic subsidiaries. Borrowings under our credit agreement are secured by a pledge of substantially all of the capital stock of our U.S. subsidiaries and 65% of the capital stock of certain
non-U.S. subsidiaries. In addition, in connection with any amendment to our credit agreement, we may need to grant additional collateral to the lenders. 

Our substantial leverage and debt service obligations could harm our ability to operate our business, remain in compliance with debt
covenants and make payments on our debt. 

We are highly leveraged and have significant debt service obligations. As of December 31, 2009, our total debt, excluding notes payable on real estate and warehouse lines of credit, was approximately $2.1 billion. For the year ended
December 31, 2009, our interest expense was approximately $189.1 million. Our level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay when due the principal of, interest on or other amounts due
in respect of our indebtedness. In addition, we may incur additional

17 

Table of Contents

debt from time to time to finance strategic acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or for other purposes, subject to the restrictions contained in the documents governing our indebtedness. If
we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our debt, would increase. If we are required to seek an amendment to our credit agreement, our debt service obligations may be substantially
increased. 

Our debt could have other important
consequences, which include, but are not limited to, the following: 

•

 we could be required to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to pay principal and interest on our debt;

•

 our interest expense could increase if interest rates increase because the loans under our credit agreement bear interest at floating rates;

•

 our leverage could increase our vulnerability to general economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions, placing us at a
disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that are less leveraged; 

•

 our debt service obligations could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and in the commercial real estate
services industry; 

•

 our failure to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants in the documents governing our indebtedness, which, among other things,
require us to maintain specified financial ratios and limit our ability to incur additional debt and sell assets, could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, results in foreclosure on substantially all of our assets; and

•

 our level of debt may restrict us from raising additional financing on satisfactory terms to fund working capital, strategic acquisitions, investments,
joint ventures and other general corporate requirements. 

From time to time, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. rate our significant outstanding debt. These
ratings and any downgrades thereof may impact our ability to borrow under any new agreements in the future, as well as the interest rates and other terms of any future borrowings, and could also cause a decline in the market price of our
Class A common stock. 

We cannot be certain
that our earnings will be sufficient to allow us to pay principal and interest on our debt and meet our other obligations. If we do not have sufficient earnings, we may be required to seek to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets,
borrow more money or sell more securities, none of which we can guarantee that we will be able to do and which, if accomplished, may adversely impact our stock price. 

We have limited restrictions on the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur, which may
intensify the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our indebtedness. 

Subject to the maximum amounts of indebtedness permitted by our credit agreement covenants, we are not restricted in the amount of additional
recourse debt we are able to incur in connection with the financing of our development activities, and we may in the future incur such indebtedness in order to decrease the amount of equity we invest in these activities. Subject to certain covenants
in our various bank credit agreements, we are also not restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt CBRE Capital Markets may incur in connection with funding loan originations for multi-family properties having prior purchase commitments by
a government sponsored entity. 

The
deteriorating financial condition and/or results of operations of certain of our clients could adversely affect our business. 

We could be adversely affected by the actions and deteriorating financial condition and results of operations of certain of our clients. Our
clients include companies in the financial services industry, including commercial

18 

Table of Contents

banks, investment banks and insurance companies, as well as the automobile industry. Defaults or non-performance by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services
institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults by one or more of our clients, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition. 

Any of our
clients may experience a downturn in its business that may weaken its results of operations and financial condition. As a result, a client may fail to make payments when due, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy. For example, in 2008, a
significant customer of our outsourcing business, Washington Mutual, was seized by federal regulators and sold to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Any client bankruptcy or insolvency, or the failure of any client to make payments when due could result in
material losses to our company. In particular, if any of our significant clients becomes insolvent or suffers a downturn in its business, it may seriously harm our business. Bankruptcy filings by or relating to one of our clients could bar us from
collecting pre-bankruptcy debts from that client. A client bankruptcy would delay our efforts to collect past due balances and could ultimately preclude full collection of these amounts. Any unsecured claim we hold against a bankrupt entity may be
paid only to the extent that funds are available and only in the same percentage as is paid to all other holders of unsecured claims. We may recover substantially less than the full value of any unsecured claims in the event of the bankruptcy of a
large client, which would adversely impact our financial condition. We expect that the continuing weakness in the global economy will put additional financial stress on clients, which may in turn negatively impact our ability to collect our
receivables fully or in a timely manner. 

Additionally, while no individual client accounted for more than approximately 3% of our revenues on a global basis in 2009, certain corporate services and property management client agreements require that we advance payroll and other
vendor costs on behalf of clients. If such a client were to file bankruptcy or otherwise fail, we may not be able to obtain reimbursement for those costs or for the severance obligations we would incur as a result of the loss of the client.

Our goodwill and other intangible assets
could become further impaired, which may require us to take significant non-cash charges against earnings. 

Under current accounting guidelines, we must assess, at least annually and potentially more frequently, whether the value of our goodwill and
other intangible assets has been impaired. Any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets as a result of such analysis would result in a non-cash charge against earnings, which charge could materially adversely affect our reported results of
operations and our stock price. Due to the continuing economic uncertainty and credit crisis, we determined in December 2008 that the negative impact of the current global economic slowdown and resulting decline in our stock price represented an
adverse change in our business climate, requiring us to undertake an interim evaluation of our goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment. During the year ended December 31, 2008, we incurred charges of $1.2 billion in connection with
the impairment of goodwill and other non-amortizable intangible assets. We did not record any impairment charges related to goodwill and other non-amortizable intangible assets during the year ended December 31, 2009. As of December 31,
2009, our recorded goodwill was approximately $1.3 billion; our other intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, was approximately $323 million; and our total CB Richard Ellis Group, Inc. stockholders’ equity was approximately $629
million. As of December 31, 2009, our book value per share was $1.96. A significant and sustained decline in our future cash flows, a significant further adverse change in the economic environment, slower growth rates or if our stock price
falls below our net book value per share for a sustained period, all could result in the need to perform additional impairment analysis in future periods. If we were to conclude that a future write-down of goodwill or other intangible assets is
necessary, then we would record such additional charges, which could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our success depends upon the retention of our senior management, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified and experienced
employees (including those acquired through acquisitions). 

Our continued success is highly dependent upon the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees, including Brett White, our Chief Executive Officer and President. Mr. White and certain
other key

19 

Table of Contents

employees are not parties to employment agreements with us. We also are highly dependent upon the retention of our property sales and leasing professionals, who generate a significant majority of
our revenues, as well as other revenue producing professionals. The departure of any of our key employees (including those acquired through acquisitions), or the loss of a significant number of key revenue producers, if we are unable to quickly hire
and integrate qualified replacements, could cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to suffer. In addition, the growth of our business is largely dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified support personnel
in all areas of our business, including brokerage and property management personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense and we may not be able to successfully recruit, integrate or retain sufficiently qualified personnel. We use equity
incentives to retain and incentivize our key personnel. In 2008 and continuing throughout 2009, our stock price declined significantly, resulting in the decline in value of our previously provided equity incentives, which may result in an increased
risk of loss of these key personnel. If we are unable to attract and retain these qualified personnel, our growth may be limited and our business and operating results could suffer. 

Our international operations subject us to social, political and economic risks of doing business in
foreign countries. 

We conduct a
significant portion of our business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the United States and as a result, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally. During 2009, we generated approximately 39% of our revenue
from operations outside the United States. Circumstances and developments related to international operations that could negatively affect our business, financial condition or results of operations include, but are not limited to, the following
factors: 

•

 difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations in certain regions; 

•

 currency restrictions, which may prevent the transfer of capital and profits to the United States; 

•

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences; 

•

 the responsibility of complying with multiple and potentially conflicting laws, e.g., with respect to corrupt practices, employment and licensing;

•

 the impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability; 

•

 the geographic, language and cultural differences among personnel in different areas of the world; 

•

 greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable in some geographic regions such as Asia, where many countries have underdeveloped insolvency laws
and clients are often slow to pay, and in some European countries, where clients also tend to delay payments; 

•

 political instability; and 

•

 foreign ownership restrictions with respect to operations in countries such as China. 

Although we maintain an anti-corruption compliance program
throughout the company, violations of our compliance program may result in criminal or civil sanctions, including material monetary fines, penalties and other costs against us or our employees, and may have a material adverse effect on our business.

We have committed additional resources to expand
our worldwide sales and marketing activities, to globalize our service offerings and products in selected markets and to develop local sales and support channels. If we are unable to successfully implement these plans, maintain adequate long-term
strategies that successfully manage the risks associated with our global business or adequately manage operational fluctuations, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. 

In addition, our international operations and, specifically, the
ability of our non-U.S. subsidiaries to dividend or otherwise transfer cash, including transfers of cash to pay interest and principal on our debt, may be affected by currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations and
potentially adverse tax consequences, among other things. 

20 

Table of Contents

Our revenue and earnings may be adversely affected by foreign currency fluctuations.

Our revenue from non-U.S. operations is
denominated primarily in the local currency where the associated revenue was earned. During 2009, approximately 39% of our revenue was transacted in currencies of foreign countries, the majority of which included the Euro, the British pound
sterling, the Canadian dollar, the Hong Kong dollar, the Japanese yen, the Singapore dollar, the Australian dollar and the Indian rupee. Thus, we may experience fluctuations in revenues and earnings because of corresponding fluctuations in foreign
currency exchange rates. 

We have made significant
acquisitions of non-U.S. companies and we may acquire additional foreign companies in the future. As we increase our foreign operations, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the other currencies in which we may generate earnings
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate
fluctuations upon future operating results. In addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may make it more difficult to perform period-to-period comparisons of our reported results of operations. 

From time to time, our management uses currency hedging
instruments, including foreign currency forward and option contracts and borrows in foreign currencies. Economic risks associated with these hedging instruments include unexpected fluctuations in inflation rates, which impact cash flow and
unexpected changes in the underlying net asset position. 

Our growth has benefited significantly from acquisitions, which may not be available in the future. 

A significant component of our growth has occurred through acquisitions, including our acquisition of Insignia in July 2003 and our
acquisition of Trammell Crow Company in December 2006. Any future growth through acquisitions will be partially dependent upon the continued availability of suitable acquisition candidates at favorable prices and upon advantageous terms and
conditions, which may not be available to us, as well as sufficient liquidity and credit to fund these acquisitions. In addition, acquisitions involve risks that business judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses
acquired will prove incorrect. Future acquisitions and any necessary related financings also may involve significant transaction-related expenses. For example, through December 31, 2009, we incurred $200.9 million of transaction-related
expenditures in connection with our acquisition of Insignia in 2003 and $196.6 million of transaction-related expenditures in connection with our acquisition of Trammell Crow Company in 2006. Transaction-related expenditures include severance costs,
lease termination costs, transaction costs, deferred financing costs and merger-related costs, among others. We incurred our final transaction expenditures with respect to the Insignia acquisition in the third quarter of 2004 and the Trammell Crow
Company acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2007. 

If we acquire companies in the future, we may experience integration costs and the acquired businesses may not perform as we expect. 

We have had, and may continue to experience, difficulties in integrating operations and accounting systems acquired from other companies.
These challenges include the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns and the potential loss of our key employees or those of the acquired operations. We believe that most acquisitions will initially have an adverse
impact on operating and net income. Acquisitions also frequently involve significant costs related to integrating information technology, accounting and management services and rationalizing personnel levels. In connection with the Insignia
acquisition, we have incurred $41.9 million of expenses through December 31, 2009, which are related to the integration of Insignia’s business lines, as well as accounting and other systems, into our own. Additionally, through
December 31, 2009, we have incurred $58.6 million of integration expenses associated with the acquisition of Trammell Crow Company. 

21 

Table of Contents

If we are unable to fully integrate the accounting and other systems of the businesses we
acquire, we may not be able to effectively manage them. Moreover, the integration process itself may be disruptive to our business as it requires coordination of geographically diverse organizations and implementation of new accounting and
information technology systems. 

If the