Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file with the SEC are risks and uncertainties that could cause our
actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report and other public statements we make. Based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the matters discussed
below identify the material risk factors affecting our business. However, the risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to
be immaterial may also adversely affect our business. 

The success of our business is significantly related to general economic conditions and, accordingly, our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by economic
slowdowns, liquidity crises, fiscal uncertainty and possible subsequent downturns in commercial real estate asset values, property sales and leasing activities. 

Many of the world’s largest economies and financial
institutions continue to be affected by ongoing global economic and financial issues, with some continuing to face financial difficulty, fiscal uncertainty, pressure on asset prices, liquidity problems and limited availability of credit, made worse
in certain areas by increased unemployment or limited economic growth. It is uncertain how long these effects will last, or whether economic 

11 

Table of Contents

and financial trends in those areas, particularly in Europe, will worsen or improve. The current economic situation may be exacerbated if additional negative geo-political or economic
developments, natural disasters or other disruptions were to arise. 

Periods of economic weakness or recession, significantly rising interest rates, fiscal uncertainty, declining employment levels, declining demand for commercial real estate, falling real estate values,
disruption to the global capital or credit markets, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, may negatively affect the performance of some or all of our business lines. 

Our business is significantly affected by generally prevailing economic conditions in the principal markets
where we operate, which can result in a general decline in real estate acquisition, disposition and leasing activity, as well as a general decline in the value of commercial real estate and in rents, which in turn reduces revenue from property
management fees and commissions derived from property sales, leasing, valuation and financing, as well as revenues associated with development or investment management activities. Our capital markets business could also suffer from any political or
economic disruption that affects interest rates or liquidity. In addition, we could experience a reduction in the amount of fees we earn in our Global Investment Management business if our assets under management decrease or those assets fail to
perform as anticipated. These economic conditions could also lead to a decline in property sales prices as well as a decline in funds invested in existing commercial real estate assets and properties planned for development. 

Our development and investment strategy often entails making
relatively modest co-investments alongside our investor clients. Our ability to conduct these activities depends in part on the supply of investment capital for commercial real estate and related assets. During an economic downturn, investment
capital is usually constrained and it may take longer for us to dispose of real estate investments or selling prices may be lower than originally anticipated. As a result, the value of our commercial real estate investments may be reduced, and we
could realize losses or diminished profitability. In addition, economic downturns may reduce the amount of loan originations and related servicing by our commercial mortgage brokerage business. 

Performance of our asset services line of business partially
depends upon the performance of the properties we manage because our fees are generally based on a percentage of aggregate rent collections from these properties. The performance of these properties may be affected by many factors which are
partially or completely outside of our control, including: (i) real estate and financial market conditions prevailing generally and locally; (ii) our ability to attract and retain creditworthy tenants, particularly during economic
downturns; and (iii) the magnitude of defaults by tenants under their respective leases, which may increase during distressed conditions. 

For example, during 2008 and 2009, credit became severely constrained and prohibitively expensive, and real estate market activity
contracted sharply in most markets around the world as a result of the global financial crisis and the deep economic recession. These adverse macro conditions affected commercial real estate services companies like ours by significantly hampering
transaction activity and lowering real estate valuations. Similar to other commercial real estate services firms, our transaction volumes fell during 2008 and most of 2009, and as a result, our stock price declined significantly. If the economic and
market conditions that prevailed in 2008 and 2009 were to return, our business performance and profitability could again deteriorate. 

Most recently, in the United States, continued uncertainty over fiscal and tax policy has caused, and may continue to cause, our clients
to delay or cancel commercial real estate transactions which may affect our revenues. The economic situation in Europe remains unstable, arising from the various austerity policies and continuing credit restrictions. If the nascent recovery in
certain European economies does not gain traction, or if conditions remain unstable or worsen, our revenues may be adversely affected. 

Fiscal uncertainty as well as significant changes and volatility in the financial markets and business environment, and in the global
political, security and competitive landscape, make it increasingly difficult for us 

12 

Table of Contents

to predict our revenue and earnings into the future. As a result, any revenue or earnings guidance or outlook, which we have given or might give, may be overtaken by events, or may otherwise turn
out to be inaccurate. Though we endeavor to give reasonable estimates of future revenue and earnings at the time we give such guidance based on then-current conditions, there is a significant risk that such guidance or outlook will turn out to be,
or to have been, incorrect. 

Adverse
developments in the credit markets may harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our Global Investment Management, Development Services and Capital Markets (including investment property sales and debt and structured
financing services) businesses are sensitive to credit cost and availability as well as marketplace liquidity. Additionally, the revenues in all of our businesses are dependent to some extent on the overall volume of activity (and pricing) in the
commercial real estate market. 

Disruptions in the
credit markets may adversely affect our business of providing advisory services to owners, investors and occupiers of real estate in connection with the leasing, disposition and acquisition of property. If our clients are unable to procure credit on
favorable terms, there may be fewer completed leasing transactions, dispositions and acquisitions of property. In addition, if purchasers of commercial real estate are not able to procure favorable financing resulting in the lack of disposition
opportunities for our funds and projects, our Global Investment Management and Development Services businesses will be unable to generate incentive fees, and we may also experience losses of co-invested equity capital if the disruption causes a
permanent decline in the value of investments made. 

In 2008 and 2009, the credit markets experienced a disruption of unprecedented magnitude. This disruption reduced the availability and
significantly increased the cost of most sources of funding. In some cases, these sources were eliminated. While the credit market has improved since the second half of 2009, liquidity remains constrained. This uncertainty may lead market
participants to continue to act more conservatively, which may amplify decreases in demand and pricing in the markets we serve. 

Our goodwill and other intangible assets could become further impaired, which may require us to take significant non-cash charges
against earnings. 

Under current
accounting guidelines, we must assess, at least annually and potentially more frequently, whether the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets has been impaired. Any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets as a result of such
analysis would result in a non-cash charge against earnings, which charge could materially adversely affect our reported results of operations, stockholders’ equity and our stock price. For example, during the year ended December 31, 2013, we
recorded a non-amortizable intangible asset impairment of $98.1 million in our Global Investment Management segment. This non-cash write-off was related to a decrease in value of our open-end funds, primarily in Europe. These funds have experienced
a decline in assets under management, as the business mix shifts toward separate accounts, consistent with market movements following the extended financial crisis in Europe, which has resulted in project sales and planned liquidations of certain
funds. A significant and sustained decline in our future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the economic environment, slower growth rates or if our stock price falls below our net book value per share for a sustained period, could result in
the need to perform additional impairment analysis in future periods. If we were to conclude that a future write-down of goodwill or other intangible assets is necessary, then we would record such additional charges, which could materially adversely
affect our results of operations. 

Our
success depends upon the retention of our senior management, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified and experienced employees (including those acquired through acquisitions). 

Our continued success is highly dependent upon the efforts of
our executive officers and other key employees, including Robert E. Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Sulentic and certain 

13 

Table of Contents

other key employees are not parties to employment agreements with us. We also are highly dependent upon the retention of our property sales and leasing professionals, who generate a significant
amount of our revenues, as well as other revenue producing professionals. The departure of any of our key employees (including those acquired through acquisitions), or the loss of a significant number of key revenue producers, if we are unable to
quickly hire and integrate qualified replacements, could cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to suffer. Competition for these personnel is intense and we may not be able to successfully recruit, integrate or retain
sufficiently qualified personnel. In addition, the growth of our business is largely dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified support personnel in all areas of our business, including brokerage and property and investment
management personnel. We use equity incentives to help retain and incentivize many of our key personnel. Any significant decline in, or failure to grow, our stock price may result in an increased risk of loss of these key personnel. If we are unable
to attract and retain these qualified personnel, our growth may be limited and our business and operating results could suffer. 

Our international operations subject us to social, political and economic risks of doing business in foreign countries.

We conduct a significant portion of our
business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the United States and as a result, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally. During 2013, we generated approximately 39% of our revenue from operations outside the
United States. With the REIM Acquisitions, the footprint of our Global Investment Management business significantly expanded, particularly in Europe and Asia, and with the acquisition of Norland, our Global Corporate Services business will expand
significantly in Europe. Additional circumstances and developments related to international operations that could negatively affect our business, financial condition or results of operations include, but are not limited to, the following factors:

•

 difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations among diverse geographies, languages and cultures;

•

 currency restrictions, transfer pricing regulations and adverse tax consequences, which may affect our ability to transfer capital and profits to the
United States; 

•

 arbitrary adverse changes in regulatory or tax requirements; 

•

 the responsibility of complying with multiple and potentially conflicting laws, e.g., with respect to corrupt practices, employment and
licensing; 

•

 the impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability, particularly in Europe, which is undergoing economic stagnation
following its sovereign debt crisis; 

•

 greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable in some geographic regions such as Asia, where many countries have underdeveloped insolvency laws;

•

 a tendency for clients to delay payments in some European and Asian countries; 

•

 political and economic instability in certain countries; and 

•

 foreign ownership restrictions with respect to operations in countries such as China. 

Although we maintain anti-corruption and anti-money
laundering compliance programs throughout the company, violations of our compliance programs may result in criminal or civil sanctions, including material monetary fines, penalties, equitable remedies (including disgorgement), and other costs
against us or our employees, and may have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business. 

We have committed additional resources to expand our worldwide sales and marketing activities, to globalize our service offerings and products in selected markets and to develop local sales and support
channels. If we are unable to successfully implement these plans, maintain adequate long-term strategies that successfully 

14 

Table of Contents

manage the risks associated with our global business or adequately manage operational fluctuations, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. 

Our revenue and earnings may be adversely affected by
foreign currency fluctuations. 

Our
revenue from non-U.S. operations is denominated primarily in the local currency where the associated revenue was earned. During 2013, approximately 39% of our revenue was transacted in foreign currencies, the majority of which included the Euro, the
British pound sterling, the Canadian dollar, the Chinese yuan, the Hong Kong dollar, the Japanese yen, the Singapore dollar, the Australian dollar and the Indian rupee. Our Global Investment Management business has a significant amount of
Euro-denominated assets under management as well as associated revenue and earnings in Europe, which continues to experience economic stagnation that may result in deterioration in the value of the Euro against the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in
foreign currency exchange rates may result in corresponding fluctuations in our assets under management, revenue and earnings. 

Over time, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar and the Euro relative to the other currencies in which we may generate earnings
could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate
fluctuations upon future operating results. In addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to the U.S. dollar and the Euro may make it more difficult to perform period-to-period comparisons of our reported results of operations. 

From time to time, our management uses currency hedging
instruments, including foreign currency forward and option contracts and borrows in foreign currencies. There can be no assurance that these hedging instruments will be available when needed. Additionally, economic risks associated with these
hedging instruments include unexpected fluctuations in inflation rates, which affect cash flow, and unexpected changes in the underlying net asset position. 

Our growth has benefited significantly from acquisitions, which may not be available in the future or perform as expected.

A significant component of our growth has
occurred through acquisitions, including the REIM Acquisitions that we completed in the second half of 2011 and our acquisition of Norland in 2013. Any future growth through acquisitions will be partially dependent upon the continued availability of
suitable acquisition candidates at favorable prices and upon advantageous terms and conditions, which may not be available to us, as well as sufficient liquidity and credit to fund these acquisitions. We may incur significant additional debt from
time to time to finance any such acquisitions, subject to the restrictions contained in the documents governing our then-existing indebtedness. If we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our
then-existing debt, would increase. Acquisitions involve risks that business judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired will prove incorrect. Future acquisitions and any necessary related financings also may
involve significant transaction-related expenses, which include severance, lease termination, transaction and deferred financing costs, among others. 

We have had, and may continue to experience, challenges in integrating operations and information technology systems acquired from other
companies. This could result in the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns and the potential loss of our key employees or those of the acquired operations. The integration process itself may be disruptive to our
business as it requires coordination of geographically diverse organizations and implementation of new accounting and information technology systems. We believe that most acquisitions will initially have an adverse impact on operating and net
income. Acquisitions also frequently involve significant costs related to integrating information technology, accounting and management services and rationalizing personnel levels. 

15 

Table of Contents

The anticipated benefits of the REIM Acquisitions, Norland acquisition and other
acquisitions we make may not be realized as we contemplated. 

We completed the REIM Acquisitions as well as other acquisitions (such as the acquisition of Norland) with the expectation that such acquisitions would result in various benefits, including, among others,
enhanced revenues, a strengthened market position, cross-selling opportunities and operating efficiencies. Achieving the anticipated benefits of the REIM Acquisitions and other acquisitions will be subject to a number of uncertainties, including the
realization of accretive benefits in the timeframe anticipated. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management’s time and energy, which
could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

Our revenue, net income and cash flow generated by our Global Investment Management business can vary significantly as a result of market developments. 

With the completion of the REIM Acquisitions, our Global
Investment Management business significantly increased and became more globally diverse. With the addition of the REIM funds, a substantial part of our fees are more recurring in nature. However, the revenue, net income and cash flow generated
by our Global Investment Management business are all somewhat variable, primarily due to the fact that management, transaction and incentive fees can vary as a result of market movements from one period to another.

The pace at which the real estate markets worldwide turned
from positive to negative starting in 2007 and continuing into 2009 is an example of the market volatility to which we are subject and over which we have no control. The underlying market conditions, decisions regarding the acquisition and
disposition of fund and separate account assets, and the specifics of client mandates will cause the amount of asset management, transaction and incentive fees to vary from one product to another.

A substantial part of our fees are based upon the value of
the assets we manage, and if asset values deteriorate, our asset management fees will decline as a result. Our acquisition and disposition fees can decline as a result of delay in the deployment of capital or limited market liquidity. We also earn
incentive fees tied to portfolio performance, which fees may decline if there is a downturn in real estate markets and we fail to meet benchmarks or absolute return hurdles. Finally, during periods of economic weakness, recession or stagnation,
existing and prospective clients in our Global Investment Management business may be less able or willing to commit new funds to real estate investments, which are inherently less liquid than many competing investment classes, thereby inhibiting the
ability of our Global Investment Management business to raise new funds. Additionally, investors with open commitments to provide additional investment could become less able or willing to honor their financial commitments and/or seek to
renegotiate the terms of their commitments or the fees that they are obligated to pay. To the extent that clients in our Global Investment Management business seek to avoid paying fees they are obligated to pay, or seek to avoid deploying capital
that has been committed, we could experience a decrease in collection of fees and interruptions to our client relationships and business. 

Our real estate investment and co-investment activities subject us to real estate investment risks which could cause fluctuations in
earnings and cash flow. 

An important part
of the strategy for our Global Investment Management business involves co-investing our capital in certain real estate investments with our clients, and there is an inherent risk of loss of our investments. As of December 31, 2013, we had
committed $9.4 million to fund future co-investments, $8.1 million of which is expected to be funded during 2014. In addition to required future capital contributions, some of the co-investment entities may request additional capital from us and our
subsidiaries holding investments in those assets. The failure to provide these contributions could have adverse consequences to our interests in these investments, including damage to our reputation with our co-investment partners and clients, as
well as the necessity of obtaining alternative funding from other sources that may be on disadvantageous terms for us and the other co-investors. Participating as a co-investor is a very important part of our Global Investment

16 

Table of Contents

Management business, which would suffer if we were unable to make these investments. Although our debt instruments contain restrictions that limit our ability to provide capital to the entities
holding direct or indirect interests in co-investments, we may provide this capital in many instances. 

Selective investment in real estate projects is an important part of our Development Services business strategy, and there is an inherent
risk of loss of our investment. As of December 31, 2013, we had approximately 15 consolidated real estate projects with invested equity of $2.8 million and $4.0 million of notes payable on real estate that are recourse to us (in addition to
being recourse to the single-purpose entity that holds the real estate asset and is the primary obligor on the note payable). In addition, at December 31, 2013, we were involved as a principal (in most cases, co-investing with our clients) in
approximately 50 unconsolidated real estate subsidiaries with invested equity of $80.3 million and had committed additional capital to these unconsolidated subsidiaries of $25.0 million. We also guaranteed notes payable of these unconsolidated
subsidiaries of $3.2 million, excluding guarantees for which we have outstanding liabilities accrued on our consolidated balance sheet. 

During the ordinary course of our Development Services business, we provide numerous completion and budget guarantees requiring us to
complete the relevant project within a specified timeframe and/or within a specified budget, with us potentially being liable for costs to complete in excess of such timeframe or budget. While we generally have “guaranteed maximum price”
contracts with reputable general contractors with respect to projects for which we provide these guarantees (which are intended to pass most of the risk to such contractors), there can be no assurance that we will not have to perform under any such
guarantees. If we are required to perform under a significant number of such guarantees, it could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Because the disposition of a single significant investment
can affect our financial performance in any period, our real estate investment activities could increase fluctuations in our net earnings and cash flow. In many cases, we have limited control over the timing of the disposition of these investments
and the recognition of any related gain or loss, or incentive participation fee. 

Poor performance of the investment programs that our Global Investment Management business manages would cause a decline in our revenue, net income and cash flow and could adversely affect our
ability to raise capital for future programs. 

In the event that any of the investment programs that our Global Investment Management business manages were to perform poorly, our revenue, net income and cash flow could decline because the value of the
assets we manage would decrease, which would result in a reduction in some of our management fees, and our investment returns would decrease, resulting in a reduction in the incentive compensation we earn. Moreover, we could experience losses on
co-investments of our own capital in such programs as a result of poor performance. Investors and potential investors in our programs continually assess our performance, and our ability to raise capital for existing and future programs and
maintaining our current fee structure will depend on our continued satisfactory performance. 

Our debt instruments impose operating and financial restrictions on us, and in the event of a default, all of our borrowings would become immediately due and payable. 

Our debt instruments, including our credit agreement, impose,
and the terms of any future debt may impose, operating and other restrictions on us and many of our subsidiaries. These restrictions affect, and in many respects limit or prohibit, our ability to: 

•

 plan for or react to market conditions; 

•

 meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans; and 

17 

Table of Contents

•

 finance ongoing operations, strategic acquisitions, investments or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities that would be in our
interest, including: 

•

 incurring or guaranteeing additional indebtedness; 

•

 paying dividends or making distributions on or repurchases of capital stock; 

•

 repurchasing equity interests or debt; 

•

 the payment of dividends or other amounts to us; 

•

 making investments; 

•

 transferring or selling assets, including the stock of subsidiaries; 

•

 engaging in transactions with affiliates; 

•

 issuing subsidiary equity or entering into consolidations and mergers; 

•

 creating liens; and 

•

 entering into sale/leaseback transactions. 

Our credit agreement currently requires us to maintain a minimum coverage ratio of EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement) to total
interest expense of 2.00x and a maximum leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement) of 4.25x. Our ability to meet these financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot
give assurance that we will be able to meet those ratios when required. For example, we experienced a decline in EBITDA during the economic downturn in 2008 to 2009, which negatively affected our minimum coverage ratio and maximum leverage ratio.
However, we significantly reduced our cost structure during 2008 and 2009, and, as a result of these cost reductions as well as renewed growth in our business, we were and continue to be well within compliance with the minimum coverage ratio and the
maximum leverage ratio under our credit agreement. Our coverage ratio of EBITDA to total interest expense was 8.97x for the year ended December 31, 2013 and our leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA was 1.43x as of
December 31, 2013. We continue to monitor our projected compliance with these financial ratios and other terms of our credit agreement. 

A breach of any of these restrictive covenants or the inability to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default
under our debt instruments. If any such default occurs, the lenders under our credit agreement may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under our
credit agreement also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. If we are unable to repay outstanding borrowings when due, the lenders under our credit agreement will have the right
to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt, which collateral is described in the immediately following risk factor. If the debt under our credit agreement were to be accelerated, we cannot give assurance that this
collateral would be sufficient to repay our debt. In addition, such a breach under our credit agreement could trigger a cross default under our other debt instruments, including the notes under our indentures. 

If we fail to meet our payment or other obligations
under our credit agreement, the lenders under such credit agreement could foreclose on, and acquire control of, substantially all of our assets. 

Our credit agreement is jointly and severally guaranteed by us and substantially all of our domestic subsidiaries. Borrowings under our
credit agreement are secured by a pledge of substantially all of the capital stock of our U.S. subsidiaries and 65% of the capital stock of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries. In addition, in connection with any amendment to our credit agreement, we may
need to grant additional collateral to the lenders. If we are unable to repay outstanding borrowings when due, the lenders under our credit agreement will have the right to proceed against this pledged capital stock and take control of substantially
all of our assets. 

18 

Table of Contents

Our substantial leverage and debt service obligations could harm our ability to
operate our business, remain in compliance with debt covenants and make payments on our debt. 

We are highly leveraged and have significant debt service obligations. Our credit agreement currently provides for a $1.2 billion
revolving credit facility; a $500.0 million tranche A term loan facility; and a $215.0 million tranche B term loan facility. As of December 31, 2013, our total debt, excluding notes payable on real estate (which are generally nonrecourse to us)
and warehouse lines of credit (which are recourse only to our wholly-owned subsidiary, CBRE Capital Markets, and are secured by our related warehouse receivables), was approximately $2.0 billion. For the year ended December 31, 2013, our
interest expense was approximately $135.1 million. Our level of indebtedness increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay when due the principal of, or other amounts due in respect of, our indebtedness. In
addition, we may incur additional debt from time to time to finance strategic acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or for other purposes, subject to the restrictions contained in the documents governing our indebtedness. If we incur additional
debt, the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our debt, would increase. If we are required to seek an amendment to our credit agreement, our debt service obligations may be substantially increased. 

Our debt could have other important consequences, which
include, but are not limited to, the following: 

•

 a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations is used to pay principal and interest on our debt; 

•

 our interest expense could increase if interest rates increase because the loans under our credit agreement generally bear interest at floating rates;

•

 our leverage could increase our vulnerability to general economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions, placing us at a
disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that are less leveraged; 

•

 our debt service obligations could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and in the commercial real estate
services industry; 

•

 our failure to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants in the documents governing our indebtedness could result in an event of
default that, if not cured or waived, results in foreclosure on substantially all of our assets; and 

•

 our level of debt may restrict us from raising additional financing on satisfactory terms to fund strategic acquisitions, investments, joint ventures
and other general corporate requirements. 

From time to time, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., rate our significant outstanding debt. These
ratings and any downgrades thereof may affect our ability to borrow under any new agreements in the future, as well as the interest rates and other terms of any future borrowings, and could also cause a decline in the market price of our
Class A common stock in addition to our outstanding debt instruments. 

We cannot be certain that our earnings will be sufficient to allow us to pay principal and interest on our debt and meet our other obligations. If we do not have sufficient earnings, we may be required to
seek to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, borrow more money or sell more securities, none of which we can guarantee that we will be able to do and which, if accomplished, may adversely affect our stock price. 

We have limited restrictions on the amount of
additional recourse debt we are able to incur, which may intensify the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our indebtedness. 

Subject to the maximum amounts of indebtedness permitted by
our credit agreement covenants, we are not restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur in connection with the financing of our development activities, and we may in the future incur such indebtedness in order to
decrease the amount of 

19 

Table of Contents

equity we invest in these activities. Subject to certain covenants in our various bank credit agreements, we are also not restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt CBRE Capital Markets
may incur in connection with funding loan originations for multifamily properties having prior purchase commitments by a government sponsored entity. 

If we experience defaults by multiple clients or counterparties, it could adversely affect our business. 

We could be adversely affected by the actions and
deteriorating financial condition and results of operations of certain of our clients or counterparties if that led to losses or defaults by one or more of them, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and
financial condition. 

Any of our clients may
experience a downturn in their business that may weaken their results of operations and financial condition. As a result, a client may fail to make payments when due, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy. Any client bankruptcy or insolvency, or
the failure of any client to make payments when due, could result in losses to our company. A client bankruptcy would delay or preclude full collection of amounts owed to us. Additionally, certain occupier outsourcing and property management client
agreements require that we advance payroll and other vendor costs on behalf of clients. If such a client were to file bankruptcy or otherwise fail, we may not be able to obtain reimbursement for those costs or for the severance obligations we would
incur as a result of the loss of the client. 

The
bankruptcy or insolvency of a significant counterparty (which may include co-brokers, lenders, insurance companies, hedging counterparties, service providers or other organizations with which we do business), or the failure of any significant
counterparty to perform its contractual commitments, may result in disruption to our business or material losses to our company. 

Failure to maintain the security of our information and technology networks, including personally identifiable and client
information, could adversely affect us. 

Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise our information and expose us to liability, which could cause our business and
reputation to suffer. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including our proprietary business information and intellectual property, and that of our clients and personally identifiable information of our
employees and contractors, in our data centers and on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and transmission of this information are critical to our operations. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure
may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. A significant actual or potential theft, loss, fraudulent use or misuse of client, employee or other personally identifiable data, whether
by third parties or as a result of employee malfeasance or otherwise, non-compliance with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data or a violation of our privacy and security policies with respect to such data could result in
significant costs, fines, litigation or regulatory actions against us. Such an event could additionally disrupt our operations and the services we provide to clients, damage our reputation, and cause a loss of confidence in our services, which could
adversely affect our business, revenues and competitive position. Additionally, we increasingly rely on third-party data storage providers, including cloud storage solution providers, resulting in less direct control over our data. Such third
parties may also be vulnerable to security breaches and compromised security systems, which could adversely affect us and our reputation. 

Interruption or failure of our information technology, communications systems or data services could impair our ability to
effectively provide our services, which could damage our reputation and harm our operating results. 

Our business requires the continued operation of information technology and communication systems and network infrastructure. Our ability
to conduct our global business may be adversely affected by disruptions to these systems or infrastructure. Our information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to 

20 

Table of Contents

damage or disruption from fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, system malfunctions, computer viruses, cyber attacks, natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes and floods, acts of
war or terrorism, or other events which are beyond our control. In addition, the operation and maintenance of these systems and networks is in some cases dependent on third-party technologies, systems and service providers for which there is no
certainty of uninterrupted availability. Any of these events could cause system interruption, delays, and loss of critical data or intellectual property and may also disrupt our ability to provide services to or interact with our clients, and we may
not be able to successfully implement contingency plans that depend on communication or travel. We have disaster recovery plans and backup systems to reduce the potentially adverse effect of such events, but our disaster recovery planning may not be
sufficient and cannot account for all eventualities, and a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our data centers or our critical business or information technology systems could severely affect our ability to
conduct normal business operations, and as a result, our future operating results could be adversely affected. 

The infrastructure disruptions we describe above may also disrupt our ability to manage real estate for clients or may adversely affect
the value of real estate investments we make on behalf of clients. The buildings we manage for clients, which include some of the world’s largest office properties and retail centers, are used by numerous people daily. As a result, fires,
earthquakes, floods, other natural disasters, defects and terrorist attacks can result in significant loss of life, and, to the extent we are held to have been negligent in connection with our management of the affected properties, we could incur
significant financial liabilities and reputational harm. 

Our business relies significantly on the use of commercial real estate data. We produce much of this data internally, but a significant portion is purchased from third-party providers for which there is
no certainty of uninterrupted availability. A disruption of our ability to provide data to our professionals and/or our clients could damage our reputation, and our operating results could be adversely affected. 

We are subject to substantial litigation risks and may
face significant liabilities and/or damage to our professional reputation as a result of litigation allegations and negative publicity. 

As a licensed real estate broker, we and our licensed employees are subject to regulatory due diligence, disclosure and standard-of-care
obligations. Failure to fulfill these obligations could subject us or our employees to litigation from parties who purchased, sold or leased properties that we or they brokered or managed. We could become subject to claims by participants in real
estate sales, as well as building owners and companies for whom we provide management services, alleging that we did not fulfill our regulatory and fiduciary obligations. 

In addition, in our property management business, we hire and
supervise third-party contractors to provide construction services for our managed properties. While our role is limited to that of an agent for the owner, we may be subject to claims for construction defects or other similar actions. 

The advice and services we render in our financial and
valuation advisory businesses, the investment decisions we make in our Global Investment Management business and the activities of our investment banking and investment management professionals for or on behalf of our clients may subject them and us
to the risk of third-party litigation. Such litigation may arise from client or investor dissatisfaction with the performance of our programs, differences between actual values and appraised values, and a variety of other litigation claims,
including allegations that we improperly exercised judgment, discretion, control or influence over client investments or that we breached fiduciary duties to clients. For example, in our valuation and appraisal business, if market dynamics lead to a
reduction in the market value of properties we have previously appraised, we may be subject to a higher risk of claims, including conflicts of interest claims, based on the circumstances of valuations previously issued. Our valuation and
appraisal services involve transactions where the value of the transaction is much greater than the fees we generate. As a result, the consequences of errors that lead to damages might be disproportionately large in relation to the fees generated in
the event our contractual protections or our insurance coverage are inadequate to protect us fully. 

21 

Table of Contents

To the extent investors in our programs suffer losses resulting from fraud, gross
negligence, willful misconduct or other similar misconduct, investors may have remedies against us, our investment programs or funds or our employees under the federal securities law and state law. Moreover, we are exposed to risks of litigation or
investigation by investors and regulators relating to allegations of our having engaged in transactions involving conflicts of interest that were not properly addressed. 

Although some of these litigation risks may be mitigated by
the commercial insurance we maintain in amounts we believe are appropriate, in the event of a substantial loss, our commercial insurance coverage and/or self-insurance reserve levels might not be sufficient to pay the full damages, the scope of
available coverage may not cover certain types of claims, or such insurance may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms. Further, the value of otherwise valid claims we hold under insurance policies could become uncollectible in the
event of the covering insurance company’s insolvency, notwithstanding that we seek to limit this risk by placing our commercial insurance only with highly-rated companies. Any of these events could negatively affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations. 

We depend on
our business relationships and our reputation for integrity and high-caliber professional services to attract and retain clients across our overall business, as well as investors for our Global Investment Management business. As a result,
allegations by private litigants or regulators of conflicts of interest or improper conduct by us, whether the ultimate outcome is favorable or unfavorable to us, as well as negative publicity and press speculation about us or our investment
activities, whether or not valid, may harm our reputation and damage our business prospects both in our Global Investment Management business and our other global businesses. In addition, if any lawsuits were brought against us and resulted in a
finding of substantial legal liability, it could materially, adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations or cause significant reputational harm to us, which could materially impact our business. 

A failure to appropriately deal with actual or
perceived conflicts of interest could adversely affect our businesses. 

Our company has a global platform with different business lines and a broad client base and is therefore subject to numerous potential, actual or perceived conflicts of interests in the provision of
services to our existing and potential clients. For example, conflicts may arise from our position as broker to both owners and tenants in commercial real estate lease transactions. We have adopted various policies, controls and procedures to
address or limit actual or perceived conflicts, but these policies and procedures may not be adequate and may not be adhered to by our employees. Appropriately dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult and our reputation could be
damaged and cause us to lose existing clients or fail to gain new clients if we fail, or appear to fail, to identify, disclose and manage potential conflicts of interest, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. In addition, it is possible that in some jurisdictions regulations could be changed to limit our ability to act for parties where conflicts exist even with informed consent, which could limit our market share in those markets.
There can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will not arise in the future that could cause material harm to us. 

Our joint venture activities and affiliate program involve unique risks that are often outside of our control and that, if realized,
could harm our business. 

We have utilized
joint ventures for commercial investments and local brokerage and other affiliations both in the United States and internationally, and we may acquire minority interests in other joint ventures in the future. Under our affiliate program, we enter
into contractual relationships with local brokerage, property management or other operations pursuant to which we license our name and make available certain of our resources, in exchange for economic participation in transactional activity. In many
of these joint ventures and affiliations, we may not have the right or power to direct the management and policies of the joint ventures or affiliates, and other participants or operators of affiliates may take action contrary to our instructions or
requests and against our policies and objectives. In addition, the other participants and operators may become bankrupt or 

22 

Table of Contents

have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. If a joint venture participant or affiliate acts contrary to our interest, it could harm our brand, business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

We have numerous significant competitors and potential future competitors, some of which may have greater financial and operational
resources than we do. 

We compete across a
variety of business disciplines within the commercial real estate services industry, including commercial property and corporate facilities management, occupier and property/agency leasing, property sales, valuation, real estate investment
management, commercial mortgage origination and servicing, capital markets (structured finance and debt) solutions, development services and proprietary research. Although we are the largest commercial real estate services firm in the world in terms
of 2013 revenue, our relative competitive position varies significantly across geographies, property types and services and business lines. Depending on the geography, property type or service or business line, we face competition from other
commercial real estate service providers and investment firms, including outsourcing companies that traditionally competed in limited portions of our facilities management business and have recently expanded their offerings, in-house corporate real
estate departments, developers, institutional lenders, insurance companies, investment banking firms, investment managers, and accounting and consulting firms. Some of these firms may have greater financial resources than we do. In addition, future
changes in laws could lead to the entry of other competitors, such as financial institutions. Although many of our competitors are local or regional firms and are substantially smaller than us, some of these competitors are larger on a local or
regional basis. We are also subject to competition from other large national and multi-national firms that have similar service and investment competencies to ours. It is also possible that two or more of our competitors could combine to create a
much larger and more formidable global competitor. In general, there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively, to maintain current fee levels or margins, or maintain or increase our market share. 

A significant portion of our operations are
concentrated in California and our business could be harmed if there was an economic downturn in the California real estate markets. 

During 2013, approximately 10% of our revenue was generated from transactions originating in California. As a result of the geographic
concentration in California, economic downturns in the California commercial real estate market, similar to recent downturns experienced in California, and particularly in the local economies in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties, could harm
our results of operations and disproportionately affect our business as compared to competitors who have less or different geographic concentrations. 

We operate in many jurisdictions with complex and varied tax regimes. Changes in tax rules or the outcome of tax assessments and
audits could adversely affect our results. 

We operate in many jurisdictions with complex and varied tax regimes, and are subject to different forms of taxation resulting in a
variable effective tax rate. In addition, from time to time we engage in transactions that involve different tax jurisdictions. Due to the different tax laws in the many jurisdictions where we operate, we are often required to make subjective
determinations. The tax authorities in the various jurisdictions where we carry on business may not agree with the determinations that are made by us with respect to the application of tax law. Such disagreements could result in disputes and,
ultimately, in the payment of additional funds to the government authorities of foreign and local jurisdictions where we carry on business, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, changes in tax rules or
the outcome of tax assessments and audits could have an adverse effect on our results in any particular quarter. 

Our estimate of tax related assets, liabilities, recoveries and expenses incorporates assumptions. These assumptions include, but are not
limited to, the tax laws in various jurisdictions, the effect of tax treaties between jurisdictions, taxable income projections, and the benefits of various restructuring plans. To the extent that such assumptions differ from actual results, we may
have to record additional income tax expenses and liabilities. 

23 

Table of Contents

We are subject to the possibility of loss contingencies arising out of tax claims,
assessments related to uncertain tax positions and provisions for specifically identified income tax exposures. There are currently tax audits ongoing in certain of the jurisdictions in which we operate. There can be no assurance that we will be
successful in resolving potential tax claims that arise from these audits. Although we have recorded provisions on the basis of the best current understanding, we could be required to book additional provisions in future periods for amounts that
cannot be assessed at this stage. Our failure to do so and/or the need to increase our provisions for such claims could have an adverse effect on our financial position. 

If the assets in our defined benefit pension plans are
not sufficient to meet the plans’ obligations, we may be required to make cash contributions to it and our liquidity may be adversely affected. 

Our subsidiaries based in the United Kingdom maintain two contributory defined benefit pension plans to provide retirement benefits to
existing and former employees participating in the plans. With respect to these plans, our historical policy has been to contribute annually, an amount to fund pension cost as actuarially determined and as required by applicable laws and
regulations. Our contributions to these plans are invested and, if these investments do not perform in the future as well as we expect, we will be required to provide additional funding to cover any shortfall. The underfunded status of our defined
benefit pension plans included in pension liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, which are incorporated herein by reference, was $68.0 million and $63.5 million at December 31, 2013 and 2012, respectively. If the assets in
our defined benefit pension plans continue to be insufficient to meet the plans’ obligations, we may be required to make substantial cash contributions preventing the use of such cash for other purposes and adversely affecting our
liquidity.

If we fail to maintain and
protect our intellectual property, or infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties, our business could be harmed and we could incur financial penalties. 

Our business depends, in part, on our ability to identify and
protect proprietary information and other intellectual property (such as our service marks, client lists and information, business methods and research). Existing laws, or the application of those laws, of some countries in which we operate may
offer only limited protections for our intellectual property rights. We rely on a combination of trade secrets, confidentiality policies, non-disclosure and other contractual arrangements, and on copyright, trademark and other intellectual property
laws to protect our intellectual property rights. Our inability to detect unauthorized use or take appropriate or timely steps to enforce our rights may have an adverse effect on our business. 

We cannot be sure that the intellectual property that we may use in the course of operating our business or the
services we offer to clients does not infringe on the rights of third parties, and we may have infringement claims asserted against us or against our clients. These claims may harm our reputation, cost us money and prevent us from offering some
services. 

Confidential intellectual property is
increasingly stored or carried on mobile devices, such as laptop computers, which makes inadvertent disclosure more of a risk in the event the mobile devices are lost or stolen and the information has not been adequately safeguarded or encrypted.

Our businesses, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected by new laws or regulations or by changes in existing laws or regulations or the application thereof. If we fail to comply with laws and regulations applicable to us, including in our
role as a real estate broker, registered investment advisor, mortgage broker, property/facility manager or developer, we may incur significant financial penalties. 

We are subject to numerous federal, state, local and non-U.S.
laws and regulations specific to the services we perform in our business. Brokerage of real estate sales and leasing transactions and the provision of property management and valuation services require us to maintain applicable licenses in each U.S.
state and certain non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we perform these services. If we fail to maintain our licenses or conduct these 

24 

Table of Contents

activities without a license, or violate any of the regulations covering our licenses, we may be required to pay fines (including treble damages in certain states) or return commissions received
or have our licenses suspended or revoked. A number of our services, including the services provided by our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries, CBRE Capital Markets and CBRE Global Investors, are subject to regulation by the SEC, FINRA or other
self-regulatory organizations and state securities regulators and compliance failures or regulatory action could adversely affect our business. We could be subject to disciplinary or other actions in the future due to claimed noncompliance with
these regulations, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations and profitability. 

We are also subject to laws of broader applicability, such as tax, securities, environmental and employment laws, including the Fair Labor Standards Act, occupational health and safety regulations and
state wage-and-hour laws. Failure to comply with these requirements could result in the imposition of significant fines by governmental authorities, awards of damages to private litigants and significant amounts paid in legal fees or settlements of
these matters. 

As the size and scope of our
business has increased significantly during the past several years, both the difficulty of ensuring compliance with numerous licensing and other regulatory requirements and the possible loss resulting from non-compliance have increased. The global
economic crisis has resulted in increased government and legislative activities, including the introduction of new legislation and changes to rules and regulations, which we expect will continue into the future. New or revised legislation or
regulations applicable to our business, both within and outside of the United States, as well as changes in administrations or enforcement priorities may have an adverse effect on our business, including increasing the costs of regulatory compliance
or preventing us from providing certain types of services in certain jurisdictions or in connection with certain transactions or clients. We are unable to predict how any of these new laws, rules, regulations and proposals will be implemented or in
what form, or whether any additional or similar changes to laws or regulations, including the interpretation or implementation thereof, will occur in the future. Any such action could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways and could have an
adverse effect on our businesses, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We may be subject to environmental liability as a result of our role as a property or facility manager or developer of real estate. 

Various laws and regulations impose liability on real property owners or operators for the cost of
investigating, cleaning up or removing contamination caused by hazardous or toxic substances at a property. In our role as a property or facility manager or developer, we could be held liable as an operator for such costs. This liability may be
imposed without regard to the legality of the original actions and without regard to whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances. If we fail to disclose environmental issues, we could also be liable
to a buyer or lessee of a property. If we incur any such liability, our business could suffer significantly as it could be difficult for us to develop or sell such properties, or borrow funds using such properties as collateral. In the event of a
substantial liability, our insurance coverage might be insufficient to pay the full damages, or the scope of available coverage may not cover certain of these liabilities. Additionally, liabilities incurred to comply with more stringent future
environmental requirements could adversely affect any or all of our lines of business. 

Cautionary Note on Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The
words “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “should,” “propose,” “continue,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,”
“predict,” “project,” “will” and similar terms and phrases are used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to identify forward-looking statements. Except for historical information contained herein, the matters addressed in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K are forward-looking statements. These statements relate to analyses and other information 

25 

Table of Contents

based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements also relate to our future prospects, developments and business strategies. 

These forward-looking statements are made based on our
management’s expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting us and are subject to uncertainties and factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our
control. These uncertainties and factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed in or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

The following factors are among those, but are not only
those, that may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements: 

•

 the sustainability of the recovery in our investment sales and leasing business in light of continuing European sovereign debt issues, the stagnant
economy in many European countries as well as fiscal uncertainty in the United States; 

•

 disruptions in general economic and business conditions, particularly in geographies where our business may be concentrated;

•

 volatility and disruption of the securities, capital and credit markets, interest rate increases, the cost and availability of capital for investment
in real estate, clients’ willingness to make real estate or long-term contractual commitments and other factors affecting the value of real estate assets, inside and outside the United States, particularly Europe, which is experiencing
sovereign debt issues; 

•

 our ability to control costs relative to revenue growth; 

•

 our ability to retain and incentivize producers; 

•

 our ability to identify, acquire and integrate synergistic and accretive businesses; 

•

 costs and potential future capital requirements relating to businesses we may acquire; 

•

 integration challenges arising out of companies we may acquire; 

•

 continued high levels of, or increases in, unemployment and general slowdowns in commercial activity; 

•

 variations in historically customary seasonal patterns that cause our business not to perform as expected; 

•

 trends in pricing and risk assumption for commercial real estate services; 

•

 our ability to diversify our revenue model to offset cyclical economic trends in the commercial real estate industry; 

•

 foreign currency fluctuations; 

•

 our ability to attract new user and investor clients; 

•

 our ability to retain major clients and renew related contracts; 

•

 the weakened financial condition of certain of our clients; 

•

 a reduction by companies in their reliance on outsourcing for their commercial real estate needs, which would affect our revenues and operating
performance; 

•

 client actions to restrain project spending and reduce outsourced staffing levels; 

•

 changes in tax laws in the United States or in other jurisdictions in which our business may be concentrated that reduce or eliminate deductions or
other tax benefits we receive; 

•

 our ability to maintain our effective tax rate at or below current levels; 

26 

Table of Contents

•

 our ability to compete globally, or in specific geographic markets or business segments that are material to us; 

•

 our ability to leverage our global services platform to maximize and sustain long-term cash flow; 

•

 our ability to maintain EBITDA margins that enable us to continue investing in our platform and client service offerings; 

•

 our exposure to liabilities in connection with real estate advisory and property management activities and our ability to procure sufficient insurance
coverage on acceptable terms; 

•

 our ability to manage fluctuations in net earnings and cash flow, which could result from poor performance in our investment programs, including our
participation as a principal in real estate investments; 

•

 the ability of our Global Investment Management business to realize values in investment funds sufficient to offset incentive compensation expense
related thereto, and the ability of that business to maintain and grow assets under management, and any potential related litigation, liabilities or reputational harm possible if we fail to do so; 

•

 our ability to comply with laws and regulations related to our global operations, including real estate licensure, labor and employment laws and
regulations, as well as the anti-corruption laws of the U.S. and other countries; 

•

 our leverage and our ability to perform under our credit facilities; 

•

 liabilities under guarantees, or for construction defects, that we incur in our Development Services business; 

•

 the ability of CBRE Capital Markets to periodically amend, or replace, on satisfactory terms, the agreements for its warehouse lines of credit;

•

 declines in lending activity of Government Sponsored Enterprises, regulatory oversight of such activity and our mortgage servicing revenue from the
U.S. commercial real estate mortgage market; 

•

 the effect of significant movements in average cap rates across different property types; 

•

 the effect of implementation of new accounting rules and standards; and 

•

 the other factors described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, included under the headings “Risk Factors”, “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies” and “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” or as described in the other documents and reports we file with the SEC.

Forward-looking statements
speak only as of the date the statements are made. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in
other factors affecting forward-looking information, except to the extent required by applicable securities laws. If we do update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect
to those or other forward-looking statements. Additional information concerning these and other risks and uncertainties is contained in our other periodic filings with the SEC.