Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other documents we
file with the Securities and Exchange Commission are risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report and other public
statements we make. Based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the matters discussed below identify the most significant risk factors affecting our business. However, the risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to
those described below. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also adversely affect our business and the trading price of our securities. 

14 

Table of Contents

The success of our business is significantly related to general economic conditions and,
accordingly, our business has been and could continue to be harmed by the economic slowdown and downturn in real estate asset values, property sales and leasing activities. 

Periods of economic slowdown or recession, significantly rising interest rates, declining employment levels, decreasing
demand for real estate, declining real estate values, or the public perception that any of these events may occur, can reduce volumes for many of our business lines. These economic conditions have resulted in and could continue to result in a
general decline in acquisition, disposition and leasing activity, as well as a general decline in the value of real estate and in rents, which in turn would reduce revenue from property management fees and brokerage commissions derived from property
sales, leases and mortgage brokerage as well as revenues associated with investment management and/or development activities. In addition, these conditions have led and could continue to lead to a decline in property sales prices as well as a
decline in funds invested in existing commercial real estate assets and properties planned for development. Because our development and investment strategy often entails making relatively modest investments alongside our investor clients, our
ability to conduct these activities depends in part on the supply of investment capital for commercial real estate and related assets. Economic downturns have reduced, and may continue to reduce, the amount of loan originations and related servicing
by our commercial mortgage brokerage business. 

During an
economic downturn, it may also take longer for us to dispose of real estate investments or the selling prices may be lower than originally anticipated. As a result, the carrying value of our real estate investments may become impaired and we could
record losses as a result of such impairment or we could experience reduced profitability related to declines in real estate values. Further, as a result of our debt level and the terms of our existing debt instruments, our exposure to adverse
general economic conditions is heightened. 

Recently, the
availability and cost of credit, a declining real estate market (in particular, in those markets in which we have generated significant transaction revenues in the past, such as the United States) and geopolitical issues have contributed to
increased volatility and diminished expectations for the economy and the markets going forward. These factors, combined with volatile oil prices, declining business and consumer confidence and increased unemployment, have precipitated an
economic slowdown and fears of a global recession. The fragility of the credit markets and the current economic environment have impacted real estate services companies like ours through liquidity restrictions, falling transaction volumes, lower
real estate valuations, market volatility and fluctuations, and loss of confidence. Similar to other commercial real estate services firms, our transaction volumes fell throughout 2008 and our stock price has declined significantly. 

These negative general economic conditions could continue to reduce the
overall amount of sale and leasing activity in the commercial real estate industry, and hence the demand for our services. We are unable to predict the likely duration and severity of the current disruption in financial markets and adverse economic
conditions in the United States and other countries. Our revenues and profitability depend on the overall demand for our services from our clients. While it is possible that the increase in the number of distressed sales and resulting decrease in
asset prices will eventually translate to greater market activity, the current overall reduction in sales transaction volume continues to materially and adversely impact our business. 

If the conditions prevalent in the economy and the real estate industry in 2008 continue for an extended period or worsen in
the future, our business performance and profitability could continue to fall. If this were to occur, we could fail to comply with certain financial covenants in our credit agreement which would force us to seek a waiver and amendment with the
lenders under our credit agreement, and no assurance can be given that we will be able to obtain any necessary waivers or amendments on satisfactory terms, if at all. In addition, in an extreme deterioration of our business, we could have
insufficient liquidity to meet our debt service obligations when they come due in future years. If we fail to meet our payment or other obligations under our credit agreement, the lenders under the agreement will be entitled to proceed against the
collateral granted to them to secure the debt owed. 

15 

Table of Contents

Recent adverse developments in the credit markets and the risk of continued market deterioration
have adversely affected and may continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our capital markets business, which includes debt and equity financing services, investment property sales, Global Investment Management and Development
Services businesses, are sensitive to credit cost and availability as well as market place liquidity. Additionally, the revenues in all of our businesses are dependent to some extent on the overall volume of activity (and pricing) in the commercial
real estate market. In 2008, the credit markets experienced a disruption of unprecedented magnitude. This disruption has reduced the availability and significantly increased the cost of most sources of funding. In some cases, these sources have been
eliminated. 

Disruptions in the credit markets have adversely
affected, and may continue to adversely affect, our business of providing advisory services to owners, investors and occupiers of real estate in connection with the leasing, disposition and acquisition of property. If our clients are unable to
procure credit on favorable terms, there may be fewer completed leasings, dispositions and acquisitions of property. For example, during 2007, we generated approximately 12% of our revenue from U.S. investment property sales and financing
activities. For 2008, largely due to credit market and liquidity disruptions, our U.S. investment property sales and financing activities accounted for only approximately 7% of our revenue. In addition, if purchasers of real estate are not able to
procure favorable financing resulting in the lack of disposition opportunities for our funds and projects, our Global Investment Management and Development Services businesses will be unable to generate incentive fees and we may also experience
losses of co-invested equity capital if the disruption causes a permanent decline in the value of investments made. 

The scope of the recent credit market disruption has been well beyond what any market participant anticipated. As a result, the depth and duration of the
current credit market and liquidity disruptions are impossible to predict. This limits our ability to develop future business plans and we believe that it limits the ability of other participants in the credit markets and commercial real estate
markets to do so as well. This uncertainty may lead market participants to act more conservatively than in recent history, which may amplify decreases in demand and pricing in the markets we serve. 

Our debt instruments impose operating and financial
restrictions on us and, in the event of a default, all of our borrowings would become immediately due and payable. 

Our debt instruments, including our credit agreement, impose, and the terms of any future debt may impose, operating and other restrictions on us and many
of our subsidiaries. These restrictions will affect, and in many respects will limit or prohibit, our ability and our guarantor subsidiaries’ abilities to: 

•

 incur or guarantee additional indebtedness; 

•

 pay dividends or make distributions on capital stock or redeem or repurchase capital stock; 

•

 repurchase equity interests; 

•

 make investments; 

•

 create restrictions on the payment of dividends or other amounts to us; 

•

 transfer or sell assets, including the stock of subsidiaries; 

•

 create liens; 

•

 enter into transactions with affiliates; 

•

 enter into sale/leaseback transactions; and 

•

 enter into mergers or consolidations. 

16 

Table of Contents

As detailed below, our credit agreement contains financial covenants that currently require us to
maintain a maximum leverage ratio of Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in our credit agreement) to total debt less available cash and a minimum coverage ratio of interest. Our ability to meet these financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our
control, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those ratios when required. Due to the decline in Consolidated EBITDA in recent periods, and if our Consolidated EBITDA continues to decline in future periods, and we are unable to
negotiate an amendment to our credit agreement, we may be unable to comply with the financial covenants under our credit agreement in future periods. We actively managed our cost structure during 2008 and are continuing to further reduce costs in
2009. As a result, our 2009 projections show that we will be in compliance with the minimum coverage ratio and the maximum leverage ratio. If 2009 revenues are less than we projected, we will take further actions within our control and believe that
such actions would allow us to remain in compliance with our financial covenants. However, to provide ourselves with maximum flexibility, it is likely that we will approach our lenders to seek an amendment to our credit agreement. 

A breach of any of these restrictive covenants or the inability to comply
with the required financial ratios could result in a default under our debt instruments. If any such default occurs, the lenders under our credit agreement may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other
fees, to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under our credit agreement also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. If we are unable to repay outstanding borrowings when
due, the lenders under our credit agreement will have the right to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt, which collateral is described in the immediately following risk factor. If the debt under our credit agreement were
to be accelerated, we cannot give assurance that this collateral would be sufficient to repay our debt. 

The restrictions contained in our debt instruments could also: 

•

 limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions or meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans; and

•

 adversely affect our ability to finance ongoing operations, strategic acquisitions, investments or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities
that would be in our interest. 

If we
fail to meet our payment or other obligations under our credit agreement, the lenders under such credit agreement could foreclose on, and acquire control of, substantially all of our assets. 

Our credit agreement is jointly and severally guaranteed by us and
substantially all of our domestic subsidiaries. Borrowings under our credit agreement are secured by a pledge of substantially all of the capital stock of our U.S. subsidiaries and 65% of the capital stock of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries. In
addition, in connection with any amendment to our credit agreement, we may need to grant additional collateral to the lenders. 

Our substantial leverage and debt service obligations could harm our ability to operate our business, remain in compliance with debt covenants and
make payments on our debt. 

We are highly leveraged and
have significant debt service obligations. We borrowed approximately $2.1 billion of term loans under our credit agreement in December 2006 to finance our acquisition of Trammell Crow Company and $300.0 million of additional term loans under our
credit agreement in March 2008. As of December 31, 2008, we had $2.1 billion of total recourse debt outstanding. For the year ended December 31, 2008, our interest expense was approximately $167.2 million. Our level of indebtedness
increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay when due the principal of, interest on or other amounts due in respect of our indebtedness. In addition, we may incur additional debt from time to time to finance
strategic acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or for other purposes, subject to the restrictions contained in the documents governing our indebtedness. If we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability
to service our debt, would increase. If we are required to seek an amendment to our credit agreement, our debt service obligations may be substantially increased. 

17 

Table of Contents

Our debt could have other important consequences, which include, but are not limited to, the following:

•

 we could be required to use a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to pay principal and interest on our debt; 

•

 our interest expense could increase if interest rates increase because the loans under our credit agreement bear interest at floating rates (and only a portion of
this debt is at fixed interest rates accomplished through interest rate swaps); 

•

 our leverage could increase our vulnerability to general economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions, placing us at a disadvantage compared
to those of our competitors that are less leveraged; 

•

 our debt service obligations could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and in the commercial real estate services
industry; 

•

 our failure to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants in the documents governing our indebtedness, which, among others, require us to maintain
specified financial ratios and limit our ability to incur additional debt and sell assets, could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, results in foreclosure on substantially all of our assets; and 

•

 our level of debt may restrict us from raising additional financing on satisfactory terms to fund working capital, strategic acquisitions, investments, joint
ventures and other general corporate requirements. 

From time to time, Moody’s Investors Service and Standard & Poor’s Ratings Service rate our significant outstanding debt. These ratings and any downgrades thereof may impact our ability to borrow under any new agreements
in the future, as well as the interest rates and other terms of any current or future borrowings, and could also cause a decline in the market price of our common stock. 

We cannot be certain that our earnings will be sufficient to allow us to pay principal and interest on our debt and meet our other
obligations. If we do not have sufficient earnings, we may be required to seek to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, borrow more money or sell more securities, none of which we can guarantee that we will be able to do and
which, if accomplished, may adversely impact our stock price. 

We are not restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur, which may intensify the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our indebtedness. 

Subject to the maximum amounts of indebtedness permitted by our credit
agreement covenants, we are not restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur in connection with the financing of our development activities, and we may in the future incur such indebtedness in order to decrease the
amount of equity we invest in these activities. Subject to certain covenants in our various bank credit agreements, we are also not restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt CBRE Capital Markets may incur in connection with funding
loan originations for multi-family properties having prior purchase commitments by a government sponsored entity. 

The deteriorating financial condition and/or results of operations of certain of our clients could adversely affect our business.

We could be adversely affected by the actions and
deteriorating financial condition and results of operations of certain of our clients. Our clients include companies in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, investment banks and insurance companies, as well as the
automobile industry. Defaults or non-performance by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to
losses or defaults by one or more of our clients, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

18 

Table of Contents

Any of our clients may experience a downturn in its business that may weaken its results of operations
and financial condition. As a result, a client may fail to make payments when due, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy. For example, in 2008, a significant customer of our outsourcing business, Washington Mutual, was seized by federal regulators
and sold to J.P. Morgan Chase. Any client bankruptcy or insolvency, or the failure of any client to make payments when due could result in material losses to our company. In particular, if any of our significant clients becomes insolvent or suffers
a downturn in its business, it may seriously harm our business. Bankruptcy filings by or relating to one of our clients could bar us from collecting pre-bankruptcy debts from that client. A client bankruptcy would delay our efforts to collect past
due balances and could ultimately preclude full collection of these amounts. Any unsecured claim we hold against a bankrupt entity may be paid only to the extent that funds are available and only in the same percentage as is paid to all other
holders of unsecured claims. We may recover substantially less than the full value of any unsecured claims in the event of the bankruptcy of a large client, which would adversely impact our financial condition. We expect that the increasing weakness
in the global economy will put additional financial stress on clients, which may in turn negatively impact our ability to collect our receivables fully or in a timely manner. 

Additionally, while no individual client accounted for more than 3% of our revenues on a global basis in 2008, certain
corporate services and property management client agreements require that we advance payroll and other vendor costs on behalf of clients. If such a client were to file bankruptcy or otherwise fail, we may not be able to obtain reimbursement for the
severance obligations we would incur as a result of the loss of the client. 

Our goodwill and other intangible assets could become further impaired, which may require us to take significant non-cash charges against earnings. 

Under current accounting guidelines, we must assess, at least annually and
potentially more frequently, whether the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets has been impaired. Any impairment of goodwill or other intangible assets as a result of such analysis would result in a non-cash charge against earnings,
which charge could materially adversely affect our reported results of operations and our stock price. Due to the continuing economic uncertainty and credit crisis, we determined in December 2008 that the negative impact of the current global
economic slowdown and resulting decline in our stock price represented an adverse change in our business climate, requiring us to undertake an interim evaluation of our goodwill and other intangible assets for impairment. During the year ended
December 31, 2008, we incurred charges of $1.2 billion in connection with the impairment of goodwill and other non-amortizable intangible assets. As of December 31, 2008, our recorded goodwill was approximately $1.3 billion; our other
intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization, was approximately $311 million; and our total stockholders’ equity was approximately $115 million. As of December 31, 2008, our book value per share was $0.44. A significant and
sustained decline in our future cash flows, a significant adverse change in the economic environment, slower growth rates or if our stock price falls below our net book value per share for a sustained period, it could result in the need to perform
additional impairment analysis in future periods. If we were to conclude that a future write-down of goodwill or other intangible assets is necessary, then we would record such additional charges, which could materially adversely affect our results
of operations. 

Our success depends upon the retention of
our senior management, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified and experienced employees (including those acquired through acquisitions). 

Our continued success is highly dependent upon the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees, including Brett White, our Chief
Executive Officer and President. Mr. White and certain other key employees are not parties to employment agreements with us. We also are highly dependent upon the retention of our property sales and leasing professionals, who generate a
significant majority of our revenues, as well as other revenue producing professionals. The departure of any of our key employees (including those acquired through acquisitions), or the loss of a significant number of key revenue producers, if we
are unable to quickly hire and integrate qualified replacements, could cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to suffer. In addition, the growth of our business is largely dependent upon our ability to attract and retain
qualified support personnel in all areas of our business, including brokerage and property management personnel. Competition for 

19 

Table of Contents

these personnel is intense and we may not be able to successfully recruit, integrate or retain sufficiently qualified personnel. We use equity incentives to
retain and incentivize our key personnel. In 2008, our stock price declined significantly, resulting in the decline in value of our previously provided equity incentives, which may result in an increased risk of loss of these key personnel. If we
are unable to attract and retain these qualified personnel, our growth may be limited and our business and operating results could suffer. 

Our stock price is subject to volatility. 

Our stock price is affected by a number of factors, including macroeconomic conditions; conditions specific to the commercial real estate services sector;
quarterly variations in our results and those of our competitors; changes to the competitive landscape; estimates and projections by the investment community; the arrival or departure of key personnel; the introduction of new services by us or our
competitors; and acquisitions, strategic alliances or joint ventures involving us or our competitors. In addition, the stock market, in general, has historically experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. Any of these factors may cause
declines in the market price of our common stock. 

In 2008, as
economic conditions in the economy generally, and particularly within the commercial real estate industry, worsened, our stock price declined substantially. When the market price of a company’s common stock drops significantly, a loss of
confidence can ensue, making new client generation and existing client and key employee retention more challenging. In addition, stockholders sometimes institute securities class action lawsuits. If we are unable to retain key clients or employees,
or if we are required to defend a securities class action lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs and the time and attention of our management could be diverted, causing a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and resulting financial condition. In addition, in the event we require additional liquidity and raise equity at a time when our stock price is at historic lows, the dilution to existing equity holders would be significant. For example, in November
2008, we raised approximately $208 million by selling 57,500,000 shares of our common stock in a public offering. This offering was significantly dilutive to our then-existing shareholders. 

Our international operations subject us to social, political and
economic risks of doing business in foreign countries. 

We conduct a significant portion of our business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the United States and as a result, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally. During 2008, we generated
approximately 39% of our revenue from operations outside the United States. Circumstances and developments related to international operations that could negatively affect our business, financial condition or results of operations include, but are
not limited to, the following factors: 

•

 difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations in certain regions; 

•

 currency restrictions, which may prevent the transfer of capital and profits to the United States; 

•

 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences; 

•

 the responsibility of complying with multiple and potentially conflicting laws, e.g., with respect to corrupt practices, employment and licensing;

•

 the impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability; 

•

 the geographic, language and cultural differences among personnel in different areas of the world; 

•

 greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable in some geographic regions such as Asia, where many countries have underdeveloped insolvency laws and clients
are often slow to pay, and in some European countries, where clients also tend to delay payments; 

•

 political instability; and 

•

 foreign ownership restrictions with respect to operations in countries such as China. 

20 

Table of Contents

We have committed additional resources to expand our worldwide sales and marketing activities, to
globalize our service offerings and products in selected markets and to develop local sales and support channels. If we are unable to successfully implement these plans, to maintain adequate long-term strategies that successfully manage the risks
associated with our global business or to adequately manage operational fluctuations, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. 

In addition, our international operations and, specifically, the ability of our non-U.S. subsidiaries to dividend or
otherwise transfer cash among our subsidiaries, including transfers of cash to pay interest and principal on our debt, may be affected by currency exchange control regulations, transfer pricing regulations and potentially adverse tax consequences,
among other things. 

Our revenue and earnings may be
adversely affected by foreign currency fluctuations. 

Our revenue from non-U.S. operations is denominated primarily in the local currency where the associated revenue was earned. During 2008, approximately 39% of our revenue was transacted in currencies of foreign countries, the majority of
which included the Euro, the British pound sterling, the Canadian dollar, the Hong Kong dollar, the Japanese yen, the Singapore dollar, the Australian dollar and the Indian rupee. Thus, we may experience fluctuations in revenues and earnings because
of corresponding fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 

We have made significant acquisitions of non-U.S. companies and we may acquire additional foreign companies in the future. As we increase our foreign operations, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the other currencies
in which we may generate earnings could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot
predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon future operating results. In addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may make it more difficult to perform period-to-period comparisons of our reported results of
operations. 

From time to time, our management uses currency
hedging instruments, including foreign currency forward and option contracts and borrows in foreign currencies. Economic risks associated with these hedging instruments include unexpected fluctuations in inflation rates, which impact cash flow
relative to paying down debt, and unexpected changes in the underlying net asset position. 

Our growth has benefited significantly from acquisitions, which may not be available in the future. 

A significant component of our growth has occurred through acquisitions, including our acquisition of Insignia in July 2003 and our acquisition of
Trammell Crow Company in December 2006. Any future growth through acquisitions will be partially dependent upon the continued availability of suitable acquisition candidates at favorable prices and upon advantageous terms and conditions, which may
not be available to us, as well as sufficient liquidity and credit to fund these acquisitions. In addition, acquisitions involve risks that the businesses acquired will not perform in accordance with expectations and that business judgments
concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired will prove incorrect. Future acquisitions and any necessary related financings also may involve significant transaction-related expenses. For example, through December 31,
2008, we incurred $200.9 million of transaction-related expenditures in connection with our acquisition of Insignia in 2003 and $196.6 million of transaction-related expenditures in connection with our acquisition of Trammell Crow Company in 2006.
Transaction-related expenditures include severance costs, lease termination costs, transaction costs, deferred financing costs and merger-related costs, among others. We incurred our final transaction expenditures with respect to the Insignia
acquisition in the third quarter of 2004 and the Trammell Crow Company acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2007. 

21 

Table of Contents

If we acquire companies in the future, we may experience integration costs and the acquired
businesses may not perform as we expect. 

We have had,
and may continue to experience, difficulties in integrating operations and accounting systems acquired from other companies. These challenges include the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns and the potential loss of
our key employees or those of the acquired operations. We believe that most acquisitions will initially have an adverse impact on operating and net income. Acquisitions also frequently involve significant costs related to integrating information
technology, accounting and management services and rationalizing personnel levels. In connection with the Insignia acquisition, we have incurred $41.9 million of expenses through December 31, 2008, which are related to the integration of
Insignia’s business lines, as well as accounting and other systems, into our own. Additionally, through December 31, 2008, we have incurred $53.5 million of integration expenses associated with the acquisition of Trammell Crow Company.

If we are unable to fully integrate the accounting and other
systems of the businesses we acquire, we may not be able to effectively manage them. Moreover, the integration process itself may be disruptive to our business as it requires coordination of geographically diverse organizations and implementation of
new accounting and information technology systems. 

If
the properties that we manage fail to perform, then our financial condition and results of operations could be harmed. 

The revenue we generate from our asset services line of business is generally a percentage of aggregate rent collections from properties, although many
management agreements provide for a specified minimum management fee. Accordingly, our success partially depends upon the performance of the properties we manage. The performance of these properties will depend upon the following factors, among
others, many of which are partially or completely outside of our control: 

•

 our ability to attract and retain creditworthy tenants; 

•

 the magnitude of defaults by tenants under their respective leases; 

•

 our ability to control operating expenses; 

•

 governmental regulations, local rent control or stabilization ordinances which are in, or may be put into, effect; 

•

 various uninsurable risks; 

•

 financial conditions prevailing generally and in the areas in which these properties are located; 

•

 the nature and extent of competitive properties; and 

•

 the real estate market generally. 

Our real estate investment and co-investment activities subject us to real estate investment risks which could cause fluctuations in earnings and
cash flow. 

An important part of the strategy for our
Global Investment Management business involves investing our capital in certain real estate investments with our clients. As of December 31, 2008, we had committed $61.9 million to fund future co-investments. We expect that approximately $50.7
million of these commitments will be funded during 2009. In addition to required future capital contributions, some of the co-investment entities may request additional capital from us and our subsidiaries holding investments in those assets, and
the failure to provide these contributions could have adverse consequences to our interests in these investments. These adverse consequences could include damage to our reputation with our co-investment partners and clients, as well as the necessity
of obtaining alternative funding from other sources that may be on disadvantageous terms for us and the other co-investors. Providing co-investment financing is a very important part of our Global Investment 

22 

Table of Contents

Management business, which would suffer if we were unable to make these investments. Although our debt instruments contain restrictions that limit our
ability to provide capital to the entities holding direct or indirect interests in co-investments, we may provide this capital in many instances. 

Selective investment in real estate projects is an important part of our Development Services business strategy and there is an inherent risk of loss of
our investment. As of December 31, 2008, we had approximately 70 consolidated real estate projects with invested equity of $45.3 million and $4.1 million of notes payable on real estate that are recourse to us (in addition to being recourse to
the single-purpose entity that holds the real estate asset and is the primary obligor on the note payable). In addition, at December 31, 2008, we were involved as a principal (in most cases, co-investing with our clients) in approximately 40
unconsolidated real estate subsidiaries with invested equity of $53.0 million and had committed additional capital to these unconsolidated subsidiaries of $36.5 million. We also guaranteed notes payable of these unconsolidated subsidiaries of $6.5
million. 

During the ordinary course of our Development
Services business, we provide numerous completion and budget guarantees relating to development projects. Each of these guarantees requires us to complete the relevant project within a specified timeframe and/or within a specified budget, with us
potentially being liable for costs to complete in excess of such timeframe or budget. While we generally have “guaranteed maximum price” contracts with reputable general contractors with respect to projects for which we provide these
guarantees (which are intended to pass most of the risk to such contractors), there can be no assurance that we will not have to perform under any such guarantees. If we are required to perform under a significant number of such guarantees, it could
harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Because the disposition of a single significant investment can impact our financial performance in any period, our real estate investment activities could increase fluctuations in our net earnings and cash flow. In many cases, we have
limited control over the timing of the disposition of these investments and the recognition of any related gain or loss. The current economic environment has further reduced opportunities for disposition of these investments. Risks associated with
these activities include, but are not limited to, the following: 

•

 losses from investments; 

•

 difficulties associated with international co-investments described in “—Our international operations subject us to social, political and economic risks
of doing business in foreign countries” and “—Our revenue and earnings may be adversely affected by foreign currency fluctuations;” and 

•

 potential lack of control over the disposition of any co-investments and the timing of the recognition of gains, losses or potential incentive participation fees.

Our joint venture activities involve
unique risks that are often outside of our control which, if realized, could harm our business. 

We have utilized joint ventures for commercial investments and local brokerage and other affiliations both in the United States and
internationally, and although we currently have no specific plans to do so, we may acquire minority interests in other joint ventures in the future. In many of these joint ventures, we may not have the right or power to direct the management and
policies of the joint ventures and other participants may take action contrary to our instructions or requests and against our policies and objectives. In addition, the other participants may become bankrupt or have economic or other business
interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. If a joint venture participant acts contrary to our interest, it could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition.

23 

Table of Contents

We have numerous significant competitors and potential future competitors, some of which may have
greater financial and operational resources than we do. 

We compete across a variety of business disciplines within the commercial real estate services industry, including investment management, tenant representation, corporate services, construction and development management, property
management, agency leasing, valuation and commercial mortgage brokerage. With respect to each of our business disciplines, we cannot give assurance that we will be able to continue to compete effectively or maintain our current fee arrangements or
margin levels or that we will not encounter increased competition. Each of the business disciplines in which we compete is highly competitive on an international, national, regional and local level. Although we are the largest commercial real estate
services firm in the world in terms of 2008 revenue, our relative competitive position varies significantly across product and service categories and geographic areas. Depending on the product or service, we face competition from other real estate
service providers, in-house corporate real estate departments, developers, institutional lenders, insurance companies, investment banking firms, investment managers, and accounting and consulting firms, some of which may have greater financial
resources than we do. In addition, future changes in laws could lead to the entry of other competitors, such as financial institutions. Many of our competitors are local or regional firms. Although substantially smaller than us, some of these
competitors are larger on a local or regional basis. We are also subject to competition from other large national and multi-national firms that have similar service competencies to ours. There has been a significant increase in recent years in real
estate ownership by REITs, many of which self-manage most of their real estate assets. Continuation of this trend could shrink the asset base available to be managed by third-party service providers and thereby decrease the demand for our services.
In general, there can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively, to maintain current fee levels or margins, or maintain or increase our market share. 

A significant portion of our operations are concentrated in California and our business could be harmed due to the ongoing economic
downturn in the California real estate markets. 

During
2008 and 2007, approximately 10% of our revenue was generated from transactions originating in California. As a result of the geographic concentration in California, the current economic downturn in the California commercial real estate market and
in the local economies in San Diego, Los Angeles and Orange County could harm our results of operations. Negative conditions in these or other significant commercial real estate submarkets could disproportionately affect our business as compared to
competitors who have less or different geographic concentrations. 

Our results of operations vary significantly among quarters during each calendar year, which makes comparisons of our quarterly results difficult. 

A significant portion of our revenue is seasonal. Historically, this seasonality has caused our revenue, operating income, net income and
cash flow from operating activities to be lower in the first two quarters and higher in the third and fourth quarters of each year. The concentration of earnings and cash flow in the fourth quarter is due to an industry-wide focus on completing
transactions toward the fiscal year-end. This has historically resulted in lower profits or a loss in the first and second quarters, with profits growing (or losses decreasing) in each subsequent quarter. This variance among quarters during each
calendar year makes comparison between such quarters difficult, but does not generally affect the comparison of the same quarters during different calendar years. 

We license the use of the Trammell Crow trade name and this license is not exclusive and may be revoked.

We have a license agreement with an affiliate of Crow
Holdings that allows us to use the name “Trammell Crow” perpetually throughout the world in any business except the residential real estate business, although we can use this name in serving certain mixed-use properties or in providing
investment sales brokerage services to 

24 

Table of Contents

buyers and sellers of multi-family residential facilities. This license can be revoked if we fail to maintain certain quality standards or infringe upon
certain of the licensor’s intellectual property rights. If we lose the right to use the Trammell Crow name, our Development Services business could suffer significantly. 

The license agreement permits certain existing uses of the name “Trammell Crow” by affiliates of Crow Holdings.
The use of the Trammell Crow name or other similar names by third parties may create confusion or reduce the value associated with the Trammell Crow name. 

If we fail to comply with laws and regulations applicable to us in our role as a real estate broker, mortgage broker, property/facility manager or
developer, we may incur significant financial penalties. 

We are subject to numerous federal, state, local and non-U.S. laws and regulations specific to the services we perform in our business, as well as laws of broader applicability, such as tax, securities and employment laws. Brokerage of real
estate sales and leasing transactions and the provision of property management and valuation services require us to maintain applicable licenses in each U.S. state in which we perform these services. If we fail to maintain our licenses or conduct
these activities without a license, or violate any of the regulations covering our licenses, we may be required to pay fines (including treble damages in certain states) or return commissions received or have our licenses suspended or revoked. In
addition, our indirect wholly-owned subsidiary, CBRE Investors, is subject to laws and regulations as a registered investment advisor and compliance failures or regulatory action could adversely affect our business. As the size and scope of
commercial real estate transactions have increased significantly during the past several years, both the difficulty of ensuring compliance with numerous state licensing regimes and the possible loss resulting from non-compliance have increased.
Furthermore, the laws and regulations applicable to our business, both within and outside of the United States, also may change in ways that increase the costs of compliance. 

We may have liabilities in connection with real estate brokerage and property management activities.

As a licensed real estate broker, we and our licensed
employees are subject to regulatory due diligence, disclosure and standard-of-care obligations. Failure to fulfill these obligations could subject us or our employees to litigation from parties who purchased, sold or leased properties that we or
they brokered or managed. We could become subject to claims by participants in real estate sales, as well as building owners and companies for whom we provide management services, claiming that we did not fulfill our regulatory and fiduciary
obligations. 

In addition, in our property management business,
we hire and supervise third-party contractors to provide construction and engineering services for our managed properties. While our role is limited to that of an agent for the owner, we may be subject to claims for construction defects or other
similar actions. Adverse outcomes of real estate brokerage or property management litigation could negatively impact our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

We may be subject to environmental liability as a result of our role as a property or facility manager or developer of
real estate. 

Various laws and regulations impose
liability on real property owners or operators for the cost of investigating, cleaning up or removing contamination caused by hazardous or toxic substances at a property. In our role as a property or facility manager or developer, we could be held
liable as an operator for such costs. This liability may be imposed without regard to the legality of the original actions and without regard to whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the presence of the hazardous or toxic substances.
Liability under some of these laws may be joint and several, meaning that one liable party could be held responsible for all costs related to a contaminated site despite the existence of other liable parties. If we fail to disclose environmental
issues, we could also be liable to a buyer or lessee of a property. In addition, some environmental laws create a lien on the contaminated site in favor of the government for damages and costs incurred in connection with the contamination. If we
incur any such liability, our business could suffer significantly. Additionally, liabilities incurred to comply with more stringent future environmental requirements could adversely affect any or all of our lines of business. 

25 

Table of Contents

Forward-Looking Statements 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The words “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “should,” “propose,” “continue,” “estimate,”
“expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “predict,” “project,” “will” and similar terms and phrases are used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K to identify forward-looking statements.
These statements relate to analyses and other information based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements also relate to our future prospects, developments and business strategies. 

These forward-looking statements are made based on our management’s
expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting us and are subject to uncertainties and factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. These
uncertainties and factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed in or implied by these forward-looking statements. 

The following factors are among those, but are not only those, that may cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements:

•

 disruptions in general economic and business conditions, particularly in geographies where our business may be concentrated, such as the recessions currently
underway in the United States and many European economies; 

•

 the continued volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets, interest rate increases, the cost and availability of capital for investment in real
estate, clients’ willingness to make real estate or long-term contractual commitments and other factors impacting the value of real estate assets; 

•

 increases in unemployment and general slowdowns in commercial activity; 

•

 our ability to comply with the financial ratio covenants under our Credit Agreement, or if required, our ability to renegotiate such covenants or obtain a waiver of
such covenants from our lenders; 

•

 our leverage and ability to refinance existing indebtedness or incur additional indebtedness; 

•

 an increase in our debt service obligations; 

•

 our ability to generate a sufficient amount of cash to satisfy working capital requirements and to service our existing and future indebtedness;

•

 our ability to reduce debt and achieve cash interest savings; 

•

 the impairment or weakened financial condition of certain of our clients; 

•

 the impairment of our goodwill and other intangible assets as a result of business deterioration or our stock price falling; 

•

 our ability to achieve estimated cost savings in connection with our existing or future cost reduction plans and achieve improvements in operating efficiency;

•

 our ability to diversify our revenue model to offset cyclical economic trends in the commercial real estate industry; 

•

 our ability to retain our senior management and attract and retain qualified and experienced employees; 

•

 our ability to attract new user and investor clients; 

•

 our ability to retain major clients and renew related contracts; 

•

 a reduction by companies in their reliance on outsourcing for their commercial real estate needs, which would impact our revenues and operating performance;

26 

Table of Contents

•

 changes in the key components of revenue growth for large commercial real estate services companies, including consolidation of client accounts and increasing
levels of institutional ownership of commercial real estate; 

•

 trends in use of large, full-service real estate providers; 

•

 trends in pricing for commercial real estate services; 

•

 tax deductions that may be available to us in connection with distributions in 2009 to participants under our U.S. deferred compensation plans;

•

 our ability to maximize cross-selling opportunities; 

•

 diversification of our client base; 

•

 our ability to compete globally, or in specific geographic markets or business segments that are material to us; 

•

 changes in social, political and economic conditions in the foreign countries in which we operate; 

•

 our ability to manage fluctuations in net earnings and cash flow, which could result from our participation as a principal in real estate investments;

•

 variability in our results of operations among quarters; 

•

 future acquisitions may not be available at favorable prices or upon advantageous terms and conditions; 

•

 costs relating to the acquisition of businesses we may acquire could be higher than anticipated; 

•

 integration issues arising out of the acquisition of companies we may acquire, including that we may not be able to improve operating efficiency as much as
anticipated; 

•

 our ability to leverage our global services platform to maximize and sustain long-term cash flow; 

•

 our ability to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to real estate brokerage and mortgage transactions; 

•

 our exposure to liabilities in connection with real estate brokerage and property management activities; 

•

 foreign currency fluctuations; 

•

 adverse changes in the securities markets; 

•

 the failure of properties managed by us to perform as anticipated; 

•

 the success of our co-investment and joint venture activities; 

•

 the ability of our Global Investment Management segment to comply with applicable laws and regulations governing its role as a registered investment advisor;

•

 the ability of our Global Investment Management segment to realize values in investment funds sufficient to offset incentive compensation expense related thereto;

•

 our ability to sufficiently protect our intellectual property, including protection of our global brand; 

•

 liabilities under guarantees, or for construction defects, that we incur in our Development Services business; 

•

 the ability of CBRE Capital Markets to periodically amend, or replace, on satisfactory terms the agreements for its indebtedness; 

•

 the effect of implementation of new tax and accounting rules and standards; and 

•

 the other factors described elsewhere in our current Annual Report on Form 10-K, included under the heading “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies” and “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.” 

27 

Table of Contents

Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date the statements are made. You should not put undue
reliance on any forward-looking statements. We assume no obligation to update forward-looking statements to reflect actual results, changes in assumptions or changes in other factors affecting forward-looking information, except to the extent
required by applicable securities laws. If we do update one or more forward-looking statements, no inference should be drawn that we will make additional updates with respect to those or other forward-looking statements. Additional information
concerning these and other risks and uncertainties is contained in our other periodic filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.