Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other
documents we file with the SEC are risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report and other public statements we make. Based
on the information currently known to us, we believe that the matters discussed below identify the material risk factors affecting our business. However, the risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below. Additional
risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial (but that later become material) may also adversely affect our business. 

The success of our business is significantly related to
general economic conditions and, accordingly, our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by economic slowdowns, liquidity crises, fiscal uncertainty and possible subsequent downturns in commercial real estate asset
values, property sales and leasing activities in one or more of the geographies or industry sectors that we or our clients serve. 

Some of the world’s large economies and financial institutions continue to be affected by ongoing global economic and financial
issues, with some continuing to face financial difficulty, fiscal uncertainty, pressure on 

11 

Table of Contents

asset prices, liquidity problems and limited availability of credit, made worse in certain areas by increased unemployment or limited economic growth. It is uncertain how long these effects will
last, or whether economic and financial trends in those areas, particularly in Europe, will worsen or improve. The current economic situation may be exacerbated if additional negative geo-political or economic developments, natural disasters or
other disruptions were to arise. 

Periods of
economic weakness or recession, significantly rising interest rates, fiscal uncertainty, declining employment levels, declining demand for commercial real estate, falling real estate values, disruption to the global capital or credit markets or the
public perception that any of these events may occur, may negatively affect the performance of some or all of our business lines. 

Our business is significantly affected by generally prevailing economic conditions in the principal markets where we operate, which can
result in a general decline in real estate acquisition, disposition and leasing activity, as well as a general decline in the value of commercial real estate and in rents, which in turn reduces revenue from property management fees and commissions
derived from property sales, leasing, valuation and financing, as well as revenues associated with development or investment management activities. Our Capital Markets business could also suffer from any political or economic disruption that affects
interest rates or liquidity. In addition, we could experience a reduction in the amount of fees we earn in our Global Investment Management business if our assets under management decrease or those assets fail to perform as anticipated. These
economic conditions could also lead to a decline in property sales prices as well as a decline in funds invested in existing commercial real estate assets and properties planned for development. 

Our development and investment strategy often entails making
relatively modest co-investments alongside our investor clients. Our ability to conduct these activities depends in part on the supply of investment capital for commercial real estate and related assets. During an economic downturn, investment
capital is usually constrained and it may take longer for us to dispose of real estate investments or selling prices may be lower than originally anticipated. As a result, the value of our commercial real estate investments may be reduced, and we
could realize losses or diminished profitability. In addition, economic downturns may reduce the amount of loan originations and related servicing by our commercial mortgage brokerage business. 

Performance of our asset services line of business partially
depends upon the performance of the properties we manage because our fees are generally based on a percentage of aggregate rent collections from these properties. The performance of these properties may be affected by many factors which are
partially or completely outside of our control, including: (i) real estate and financial market conditions prevailing generally and locally; (ii) our ability to attract and retain creditworthy tenants, particularly during economic
downturns; and (iii) the magnitude of defaults by tenants under their respective leases, which may increase during distressed conditions. 

For example, during 2008 and 2009, credit became severely constrained and prohibitively expensive, and real estate market activity
contracted sharply in most markets around the world as a result of the global financial crisis and the deep economic recession. These adverse macro conditions affected commercial real estate services companies like ours by significantly hampering
transaction activity and lowering real estate valuations. Similar to other commercial real estate services firms, our transaction volumes fell during 2008 and most of 2009, and as a result, our stock price declined significantly. If the economic and
market conditions that prevailed in 2008 and 2009 were to return, our business performance and profitability could again deteriorate. 

Certain geographies within the Americas, as well as certain sectors of the constituency that we serve, have been negatively affected by
the recent weakened performance of the U.S. oil and gas industry, which may in turn diminish the performance of our various development, investment, leasing and other businesses in those geographies as well as reduce the demand for our services by
our clients in such areas or who are affected by that industry. In addition, the economic situation in Europe remains unstable, arising from the various austerity policies and continuing credit restrictions. If the nascent recovery in certain
European economies does not gain traction, or if conditions remain unstable or worsen, our revenues may be adversely affected. 

12 

Table of Contents

Economic uncertainty as well as significant changes and volatility in the financial markets
and business environment, and in the global political, security and competitive landscape, make it increasingly difficult for us to predict our revenue and earnings into the future. As a result, any revenue or earnings guidance or outlook, which we
have given or might give, may be overtaken by events, or may otherwise turn out to be inaccurate. Though we endeavor to give reasonable estimates of future revenue and earnings at the time we give such guidance based on then-current conditions,
there is a significant risk that such guidance or outlook will turn out to be, or to have been, incorrect. 

Adverse developments in the credit markets may harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our Global Investment Management, Development Services and
Capital Markets (including investment property sales and debt and structured financing services) businesses are sensitive to credit cost and availability as well as marketplace liquidity. Additionally, the revenues in all of our businesses are
dependent to some extent on the overall volume of activity (and pricing) in the commercial real estate market. 

Disruptions in the credit markets may adversely affect our business of providing advisory services to owners, investors and occupiers of
real estate in connection with the leasing, disposition and acquisition of property. If our clients are unable to procure credit on favorable terms, there may be fewer completed leasing transactions, dispositions and acquisitions of property. In
addition, if purchasers of commercial real estate are not able to procure favorable financing resulting in the lack of disposition opportunities for our funds and projects, our Global Investment Management and Development Services businesses will be
unable to generate incentive fees, and we may also experience losses of co-invested equity capital if the disruption causes a permanent decline in the value of investments made. 

Our international operations subject us to social,
political and economic risks of doing business in foreign countries. 

We conduct a significant portion of our business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the United States and as a result, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally.
During 2014, we generated approximately 44% of our revenue from operations outside the United States. With the REIM Acquisitions, the footprint of our Global Investment Management business significantly expanded, particularly in Europe and Asia, and
with the acquisition of Norland, our Global Corporate Services business has expanded significantly in Europe. Additional circumstances and developments related to international operations that could negatively affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations include, but are not limited to, the following factors: 

•

 difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations among diverse geographies, languages and cultures;

•

 currency restrictions, transfer pricing regulations and adverse tax consequences, which may affect our ability to transfer capital and profits to the
United States; 

•

 adverse changes in regulatory or tax requirements and regimes; 

•

 the responsibility of complying with numerous, potentially conflicting and frequently complex and changing laws in multiple jurisdictions, e.g.,
with respect to corrupt practices, embargoes, trade sanctions, employment and licensing; 

•

 the impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability, particularly in Europe, which is undergoing economic stagnation
following its sovereign debt crisis; 

•

 greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable in some geographic regions such as Asia, where many countries have underdeveloped insolvency laws;

13 

Table of Contents

•

 a tendency for clients to delay payments in some European and Asian countries; 

•

 political and economic instability in certain countries; and 

•

 foreign ownership restrictions with respect to operations in countries such as China and Thailand. 

We maintain anti-corruption and anti-money laundering
compliance programs and programs designed to enable us to comply with applicable government economic sanctions, embargoes and other import/export controls throughout the company. But, coordinating our activities to deal with the broad range of
complex legal and regulatory environments in which we operate presents significant challenges. We may not be successful in complying with regulations in all situations and violations may result in criminal or civil sanctions, including material
monetary fines, penalties, equitable remedies (including disgorgement), and other costs against us or our employees, and may have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business. 

We have committed additional resources to expand our worldwide sales and marketing activities, to globalize our
service offerings and products in selected markets and to develop local sales and support channels. If we are unable to successfully implement these plans, maintain adequate long-term strategies that successfully manage the risks associated with our
global business or adequately manage operational fluctuations, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In addition, we have penetrated, and seek to continue to enter into, emerging markets to further expand our
global platform. However, we may not be successful in effectively evaluating and monitoring the key business, operational, legal and compliance risks specific to those markets. The political and cultural risks present in emerging countries could
also harm our ability to successfully execute our operations or manage our businesses there. 

Our revenue and earnings may be adversely affected by foreign currency fluctuations. 

Our revenue from non-U.S. operations is denominated primarily in the local currency where the associated revenue was earned. During 2014,
approximately 44% of our revenue was transacted in foreign currencies, the majority of which included the Australian dollar, Brazilian real, British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, Chinese yuan, Euro, Indian rupee, Japanese yen and Singapore
dollar. Our Global Investment Management business has a significant amount of Euro-denominated assets under management as well as associated revenue and earnings in Europe, which continues to experience economic stagnation that may result in further
deterioration in the value of the Euro against the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may result in corresponding fluctuations in our assets under management, revenue and earnings. 

Over time, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar
relative to the other currencies in which we may generate earnings could adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. Due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the volatility of
currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon future operating results. In addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may make it more difficult to perform period-to-period comparisons
of our reported results of operations. 

Selectively, our management uses currency hedging instruments, including foreign currency forward and option contracts. There can be no
assurance that these hedging instruments will be available when needed. Additionally, economic risks associated with these hedging instruments include unexpected fluctuations in inflation rates, which affect cash flow, unexpected changes in the
underlying net asset position, and hedge counterparty credit risk. 

Our growth has benefited significantly from acquisitions, which may not perform as expected and similar opportunities may not be available in the future. 

A significant component of our growth has occurred through
acquisitions, including our acquisition of Norland in 2013. Any future growth through acquisitions will be dependent in part upon the continued 

14 

Table of Contents

availability of suitable acquisition candidates at favorable prices and upon advantageous terms and conditions, which may not be available to us, as well as sufficient liquidity and credit to
fund these acquisitions. We may incur significant additional debt from time to time to finance any such acquisitions, subject to the restrictions contained in the documents governing our then-existing indebtedness. If we incur additional debt, the
risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our then-existing debt, would increase. Acquisitions involve risks that business judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired may prove
incorrect. Future acquisitions and any necessary related financings also may involve significant transaction-related expenses, which include severance, lease termination, transaction and deferred financing costs, among others. 

We have had, and may continue to experience, challenges in
integrating operations and information technology systems acquired from other companies. This could result in the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns and the potential loss of our key employees or clients or those
of the acquired operations. The integration process itself may be disruptive to our business and the acquired company’s businesses as it requires coordination of geographically diverse organizations and implementation of new accounting and
information technology systems. We believe that most acquisitions will initially have an adverse impact on operating and net income. Acquisitions also frequently involve significant costs related to integrating information technology, accounting and
management services and rationalizing personnel levels. 

The anticipated benefits of the Norland acquisition and other acquisitions we make may not be realized as we contemplated. 

We completed the Norland acquisition as well as other acquisitions with the expectation that such acquisitions
would result in various benefits, including, among others, enhanced revenues, a strengthened market position, cross-selling opportunities and operating efficiencies. We are also likely to have similar expectations for future acquisitions. Achieving
the anticipated benefits of the Norland acquisition and other acquisitions will be subject to a number of uncertainties, including the realization of accretive benefits in the timeframe anticipated. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits
could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management’s time and energy, which could adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 

Our success depends upon the retention of our senior
management, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified and experienced employees (including those acquired through acquisitions). 

Our continued success is highly dependent upon the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees, including Robert E.
Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Sulentic and certain other key employees are not parties to employment agreements with us. We also are highly dependent upon the retention of our property sales and leasing professionals,
who generate a significant amount of our revenues, as well as other revenue producing professionals. The departure of any of our key employees (including those acquired through acquisitions), or the loss of a significant number of key revenue
producers, if we are unable to quickly hire and integrate qualified replacements, could cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to suffer. Competition for these personnel is significant and we may not be able to
successfully recruit, integrate or retain sufficiently qualified personnel. In addition, the growth of our business is largely dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified support personnel in all areas of our business. We use equity
incentives to help retain and incentivize many of our key personnel. Any significant decline in, or failure to grow, our stock price may result in an increased risk of loss of these key personnel. If we are unable to attract and retain these
qualified personnel, our growth may be limited and our business and operating results could suffer. 

Our joint venture activities and affiliate program involve unique risks that are often outside of our control and that, if realized,
could harm our business. 

We have utilized
joint ventures for commercial investment, select local brokerage and other affiliations both in the United States and internationally, and we may acquire interests in other joint ventures in the future. Under

15 

Table of Contents

our affiliate program, we enter into contractual relationships with local brokerage, property management or other operations pursuant to which we license to that operation our name and make
available certain of our resources, in exchange for a royalty or economic participation in that operation’s revenue, profits or transactional activity. In many of these joint ventures and affiliations, we may not have the right or power to
direct the management and policies of the joint ventures or affiliates, and other participants or operators of affiliates may take action contrary to our instructions or requests and against our policies and objectives. In addition, the other
participants and operators may become bankrupt or have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. If a joint venture participant or affiliate acts contrary to our interest, it could harm our brand, business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

Our revenue, net income and cash flow generated by our Global Investment Management business can vary significantly as a result of
market developments. 

The revenue, net
income and cash flow generated by our Global Investment Management business can be variable, primarily due to the fact that management, transaction and incentive fees can vary as a result of market movements from one period to another.

The pace at which the real estate markets worldwide turned
from positive to negative starting in 2007 and continuing into 2009 is an example of the market volatility to which we are subject and over which we have no control. The underlying market conditions, decisions regarding the acquisition and
disposition of fund and separate account assets, and the specifics of client mandates will cause the amount of asset management, transaction and incentive fees to vary from one product to another.

A substantial part of our fees are based upon the value of
the assets we manage, and if asset values deteriorate, our asset management fees will decline as a result. Our acquisition and disposition fees can decline as a result of delays in the deployment of capital or limited market liquidity. We also earn
incentive fees tied to portfolio performance, which fees may decline if there is a downturn in real estate markets and we fail to meet benchmarks or return hurdles. Finally, during periods of economic weakness, recession or stagnation, existing and
prospective clients in our Global Investment Management business may be less able or willing to commit new funds to real estate investments, which are inherently less liquid than many competing investment classes, thereby inhibiting the ability of
our Global Investment Management business to raise new funds. Additionally, investors with open commitments to provide additional investment capital could become less able or willing to honor their financial commitments and/or seek to
renegotiate the terms of their commitments or the fees that they are obligated to pay. To the extent that clients in our Global Investment Management business seek to avoid paying fees they are obligated to pay, or seek to avoid deploying capital
that has been committed, we could experience a decrease in collection of fees and interruptions to our client relationships and business. 

Our real estate investment and co-investment activities in our Global Investment Management as well as Development Services
businesses subject us to real estate investment risks which could cause fluctuations in earnings and cash flow. 

An important part of the strategy for our Global Investment Management business involves co-investing our capital in certain real estate
investments with our clients, and there is an inherent risk of loss of our investments. As of December 31, 2014, we had committed $19.0 million to fund future co-investments in our Global Investment Management business, $12.7 million of which
is expected to be funded during 2015. In addition to required future capital contributions, some of the co-investment entities may request additional capital from us and our subsidiaries holding investments in those assets. The failure to provide
these contributions could have adverse consequences to our interests in these investments, including damage to our reputation with our co-investment partners and clients, as well as the necessity of obtaining alternative funding from other sources
that may be on disadvantageous terms for us and the other co-investors. Participating as a co-investor is an important part of our Global Investment Management business, which might suffer if we were unable to make these investments. Although our
debt instruments contain restrictions that limit our ability to provide capital to the 

16 

Table of Contents

entities holding direct or indirect interests in co-investments, we may provide this capital in many instances in further support of the co-investment. 

Selective investment in real estate projects is an important
part of our Development Services business strategy, and there is an inherent risk of loss of our investments. As of December 31, 2014, we had 16 consolidated real estate projects with invested equity of $8.3 million. In addition, at
December 31, 2014, we were involved as a principal (in most cases, co-investing with our clients) in approximately 60 unconsolidated real estate subsidiaries with invested equity of $110.5 million and had committed additional capital to these
unconsolidated subsidiaries of $25.5 million. We also guaranteed outstanding notes payable of these unconsolidated subsidiaries of $10.1 million. 

During the ordinary course of our Development Services business, we provide numerous completion and budget guarantees requiring us to
complete the relevant project within a specified timeframe and/or within a specified budget, with us potentially being liable for costs to complete in excess of such timeframe or budget. While we generally have “guaranteed maximum price”
contracts with reputable general contractors with respect to projects for which we provide these guarantees (which are intended to pass most of the risk to such contractors), there can be no assurance that we will not have to perform under any such
guarantees. If we are required to perform under a significant number of such guarantees, it could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Because the disposition of a single significant investment
can affect our financial performance in any period, our real estate investment activities could increase fluctuations in our net earnings and cash flow. In many cases, we have limited control over the timing of the disposition of these investments
and the recognition of any related gain or loss, or incentive participation fee. 

Poor performance of the investment programs that our Global Investment Management business manages would cause a decline in our revenue, net income and cash flow and could adversely affect our
ability to raise capital for future programs. 

In the event that any of the investment programs that our Global Investment Management business manages were to perform poorly, our revenue, net income and cash flow could decline because the value of the
assets we manage would decrease, which would result in a reduction in some of our management fees, and our investment returns would decrease, resulting in a reduction in the incentive compensation we earn. Moreover, we could experience losses on
co-investments of our own capital in such programs as a result of poor performance. Investors and potential investors in our programs continually assess our performance, and our ability to raise capital for existing and future programs and
maintaining our current fee structure will depend on our continued satisfactory performance. 

Our leverage and debt service obligations could harm our ability to operate our business, remain in compliance with debt covenants and make payments on our debt. 

We are leveraged and have debt service obligations. As of
December 31, 2014, our total debt, excluding notes payable on real estate (which are generally nonrecourse to us) and warehouse lines of credit (which are recourse only to our wholly-owned subsidiary, CBRE Capital Markets, and are secured by
our related warehouse receivables), was approximately $1.9 billion. For the year ended December 31, 2014, our interest expense was approximately $112.0 million. On January 9, 2015, we entered into an amended and restated credit agreement,
which replaced our prior credit agreement. The amended and restated credit agreement provides for a $2.6 billion revolving credit facility and a $500.0 million tranche A term loan facility, with the term facility fully drawn on the closing date of
the new facility. 

Our level of indebtedness
increases the possibility that we may be unable to generate cash sufficient to pay when due the principal of, or other amounts due in respect of, our indebtedness. In addition, we may incur 

17 

Table of Contents

additional debt from time to time to finance strategic acquisitions, investments, joint ventures or for other purposes, subject to the restrictions contained in the documents governing our
indebtedness. If we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our debt, would increase. If we are required to seek an amendment to our credit agreement to accomondate further leverage, our debt
service obligations may be substantially increased. 

Our debt could have other important consequences, which include, but are not limited to, the following: 

•

 a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations is used to pay principal and interest on our debt; 

•

 our interest expense could increase if interest rates increase because the loans under our credit agreement generally bear interest at floating rates;

•

 our leverage could increase our vulnerability to general economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions, placing us at a
disadvantage compared to those of our competitors that are less leveraged; 

•

 our debt service obligations could limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and in the commercial real estate
services industry; 

•

 our failure to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants in the documents governing our indebtedness could result in an event of
default that, if not cured or waived, results in foreclosure on substantially all of our assets; and 

•

 our level of debt may restrict us from raising additional financing on satisfactory terms to fund strategic acquisitions, investments, joint ventures
and other general corporate requirements. 

From time to time, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., rate our significant outstanding debt. These
ratings and any downgrades thereof may affect our ability to borrow under any new agreements in the future, as well as the interest rates and other terms of any future borrowings, and could also cause a decline in the market price of our
Class A common stock in addition to our outstanding debt instruments. 

We cannot be certain that our earnings will be sufficient to allow us to pay principal and interest on our debt and meet our other obligations. If we do not have sufficient earnings, we may be required to
seek to refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, borrow more money or sell more securities, none of which we can guarantee that we will be able to do and which, if accomplished, may adversely affect our stock price. 

Our debt instruments impose operating and financial
restrictions on us, and in the event of a default, all of our borrowings would become immediately due and payable. 

Our debt instruments, including our credit agreement, impose, and the terms of any future debt may impose, operating and other
restrictions on us and many of our subsidiaries. These restrictions affect, and in many respects limit or prohibit, our ability to: 

•

 plan for or react to market conditions; 

•

 meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans; and 

•

 finance ongoing operations, strategic acquisitions, investments or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities that would be in our
interest, including: 

•

 incurring or guaranteeing additional indebtedness; 

•

 paying dividends or making distributions on or repurchases of capital stock; 

•

 repurchasing equity interests or debt; 

18 

Table of Contents

•

 the payment of dividends or other amounts to us; 

•

 making investments; 

•

 transferring or selling assets, including the stock of subsidiaries; 

•

 engaging in transactions with affiliates; 

•

 issuing subsidiary equity or entering into consolidations and mergers; 

•

 creating liens; and 

•

 entering into sale/leaseback transactions. 

Our credit agreement currently requires us to maintain a minimum coverage ratio of EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement) to total
interest expense of 2.00x and a maximum leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement) of 4.25x as of the end of each fiscal quarter. Our ability to meet these financial ratios can be affected by
events beyond our control, and we cannot give assurance that we will be able to meet those ratios when required. For example, we experienced a decline in EBITDA during the economic downturn in 2008 to 2009, which negatively affected our minimum
coverage ratio and maximum leverage ratio. Our coverage ratio of EBITDA to total interest expense was 12.34x for the year ended December 31, 2014 and our leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA was 1.02x as of
December 31, 2014. We continue to monitor our projected compliance with these financial ratios and other terms of our credit agreement. 

A breach of any of these restrictive covenants or the inability to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default
under our debt instruments. If any such default occurs, the lenders under our credit agreement may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under our
credit agreement also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. If we are unable to repay outstanding borrowings when due, the lenders under our credit agreement will have the right
to proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure the debt, which collateral is described in the immediately following risk factor. If the debt under our credit agreement were to be accelerated, we cannot give assurance that this
collateral would be sufficient to repay our debt. In addition, such a breach under our credit agreement could trigger a cross default or cross acceleration under our other debt instruments, including the notes under our indentures. 

If we fail to meet our payment or other obligations
under our credit agreement, the lenders under such credit agreement could foreclose on, and acquire control of, substantially all of our assets. 

Our credit agreement is jointly and severally guaranteed by us and substantially all of our material domestic subsidiaries. Borrowings
under our credit agreement are secured by a pledge of substantially all of the capital stock of the U.S. subsidiaries and 65% of the capital stock of certain non-U.S. subsidiaries, in each case, held by CBRE Services, Inc. and the U.S. guarantor
subsidiaries. In addition, in connection with any amendment to our credit agreement, we may need to grant additional collateral to the lenders. If we are unable to repay outstanding borrowings when due, the lenders under our credit agreement will
have the right to proceed against this pledged capital stock and take control of substantially all of our assets. 

We have limited restrictions on the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur, which may intensify the risks
associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our indebtedness. 

Subject to the maximum amounts of indebtedness permitted by our credit agreement covenants, we are not restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur in connection with the
financing of our development activities, and we may in the future incur such indebtedness in order to decrease the amount of equity we invest in these activities. Subject to certain covenants in our various bank credit agreements, we are also not
restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt CBRE Capital Markets may incur in connection with 

19 

Table of Contents

funding loan originations for multifamily properties having prior purchase commitments by a government sponsored entity. 

If we experience defaults by multiple clients or
counterparties, it could adversely affect our business. 

We could be adversely affected by the actions, deteriorating financial condition and results of operations of certain of our clients or counterparties if that led to losses or defaults by one or more of
them, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Any of our clients may experience a downturn in their business that may weaken their results of operations and financial condition. As a
result, a client may fail to make payments when due, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy. Any client bankruptcy or insolvency, or the failure of any client to make payments when due, could result in losses to our company. A client bankruptcy
would delay or preclude full collection of amounts owed to us. Additionally, certain occupier outsourcing and property management client agreements require that we advance payroll and other vendor costs on behalf of clients. If such a client were to
file bankruptcy or otherwise fail, we may not be able to obtain reimbursement for those costs or for the severance obligations we would incur as a result of the loss of the client. 

The bankruptcy or insolvency of a significant counterparty
(which may include co-brokers, lenders, insurance companies, hedging counterparties, service providers or other organizations with which we do business), or the failure of any significant counterparty to perform its contractual commitments, may
result in disruption to our business or material losses to our company. 

If the assets in our defined benefit pension plans are not sufficient to meet the plans’ obligations, we may be required to make cash contributions to it and our liquidity may be adversely
affected. 

Our subsidiaries based in the
United Kingdom maintain two contributory defined benefit pension plans to provide retirement benefits to existing and former employees participating in the plans. With respect to these plans, our historical policy has been to contribute annually, an
amount to fund pension cost as actuarially determined and as required by applicable laws and regulations. Our contributions to these plans are invested and, if these investments do not perform in the future as well as we expect, we will be required
to provide additional funding to cover any shortfall. The underfunded status of our defined benefit pension plans included in pension liability in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, which are incorporated herein by reference, was $92.9
million and $68.0 million at December 31, 2014 and 2013, respectively. If the assets in our defined benefit pension plans continue to be insufficient to meet the plans’ obligations, we may be required to make substantial cash
contributions preventing the use of such cash for other purposes and adversely affecting our liquidity.

Failure to maintain and execute information technology strategies and ensure that our employees adapt to changes in technology could
materially and adversely affect our ability to remain competitive in the market. 

Our business relies heavily on information technology to deliver services that meet the needs of our clients. If we are unable to effectively execute our information technology strategies or adopt new
technologies and processes relevant to our service platform, our ability to deliver high-quality services may be materially impaired. In addition, we make significant investments in new systems and tools to achieve competitive advantages and
efficiencies. Implementation of such investments in information technology could exceed estimated budgets and we may experience challenges that prevent new strategies or technologies from being realized according to anticipated schedules. If we are
unable to maintain current information technology and processes or encounter delays, or fail to exploit new technologies, then the execution of our business plans may be disrupted. Similarly, our employees require effective tools and techniques to
perform functions integral to our business. Failure to successfully provide such tools and systems, or ensure that employees have properly adopted them, could materially and adversely impact our ability to achieve positive business outcomes.

20 

Table of Contents

Failure to maintain the security of our information and technology networks, including
personally identifiable and client information, intellectual property and proprietary business information could significantly adversely affect us. 

Security breaches and other disruptions of our information and technology networks could compromise our information and intellectual
property and expose us to liability, reputational harm and significant remediation costs, which could cause material harm to our business and financial results. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including
our proprietary business information and intellectual property, and that of our clients and personally identifiable information of our employees and contractors, in our data centers and on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and
transmission of this information are critical to our operations. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by third parties or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other
disruptions. A significant actual or potential theft, loss, corruption, exposure, fraudulent use or misuse of client, employee or other personally identifiable or proprietary business data, whether by third parties or as a result of employee
malfeasance or otherwise, non-compliance with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data or intellectual property or a violation of our privacy and security policies with respect to such data could result in significant
remediation and other costs, fines, litigation or regulatory actions against us. Such an event could additionally disrupt our operations and the services we provide to clients, damage our reputation, result in the loss of a competitive advantage,
impact our ability to provide timely and accurate financial data and cause a loss of confidence in our services and financial reporting, which could adversely affect our business, revenues, competitive position and investor confidence. Additionally,
we increasingly rely on third-party data storage providers, including cloud storage solution providers, resulting in less direct control over our data. Such third parties are also vulnerable to security breaches and compromised security systems, for
which we may not be indemnified and which could materially adversely affect us and our reputation. 

Interruption or failure of our information technology, communications systems or data services could impair our ability to provide our services effectively, which could damage our reputation and
materially harm our operating results. 

Our business requires the continued operation of information technology and communication systems and network infrastructure. Our ability
to conduct our global business may be materially adversely affected by disruptions to these systems or infrastructure. Our information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or disruption from fire, power loss,
telecommunications failure, system malfunctions, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes and floods, acts of war or terrorism, employee errors or malfeasance, or other events which are beyond our control.
In addition, the operation and maintenance of these systems and networks is in some cases dependent on third-party technologies, systems and service providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability. Any of these events could
cause system interruption, delays and loss, corruption or exposure of critical data or intellectual property and may also disrupt our ability to provide services to or interact with our clients, and we may not be able to successfully implement
contingency plans that depend on communication or travel. Furthermore, any such event could result in substantial recovery and remediation costs and liability to customers, business partners and other third parties. We have disaster recovery plans
and backup systems to reduce the potentially adverse effect of such events, but our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient and cannot account for all eventualities, and a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of
any of our data centers or our critical business or information technology systems could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations, and as a result, our future operating results could be materially adversely affected.

The infrastructure disruptions we describe above
may also disrupt our ability to manage real estate for clients or may adversely affect the value of real estate investments we make on behalf of clients. The buildings we manage for clients, which include some of the world’s largest office