Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file with the SEC are risks and uncertainties that could cause our
actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report and other public statements we make. Based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the matters discussed
below identify the material risk factors affecting our 

9 

Table of Contents

business. However, the risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to
be immaterial (but that later become material) may also adversely affect our business. 

The success of our business is significantly related to general economic conditions and, accordingly, our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by economic
slowdowns, liquidity crises, fiscal or political uncertainty and possible subsequent downturns in commercial real estate asset values, property sales and leasing activities in one or more of the geographies or industry sectors that we or our clients
serve. 

Periods of economic weakness or
recession, significantly rising interest rates, fiscal or political uncertainty, market volatility, declining employment levels, declining demand for commercial real estate, falling real estate values, disruption to the global capital or credit
markets or the public perception that any of these events may occur, may negatively affect the performance of some or all of our business lines. 

Our business is significantly affected by generally prevailing economic conditions in the markets where we principally operate, which can
result in a general decline in real estate acquisition, disposition and leasing activity, as well as a general decline in the value of commercial real estate and in rents, which in turn reduces revenue from asset services fees and commissions
derived from property sales, leasing, valuation and financing, as well as revenues associated with development or investment management activities. Our businesses could also suffer from political or economic disruptions that affect interest rates or
liquidity or create financial, market or regulatory uncertainty. For example, the U.K.’s vote to withdraw from the European Union, commonly known as “Brexit,” and speculation about the terms and consequences of this exit or that of
other European Union members has caused and may continue to cause market volatility and currency fluctuations and adversely impact our clients’ confidence, which may result in a deterioration in our U.K. and other European businesses as leasing
and investing activity slow down. 

Adverse
economic conditions or political or regulatory uncertainty could also lead to a decline in property sales prices as well as a decline in funds invested in existing commercial real estate assets and properties planned for development, which in turn
could reduce the commissions and fees that we earn. In addition, our development and investment strategy often entails making co-investments alongside our investor clients. During an economic downturn, capital
for our investment activities is usually constrained and it may take longer for us to dispose of real estate investments or selling prices may be lower than originally anticipated. As a result, the value of our commercial real estate investments may
be reduced, and we could realize losses or diminished profitability. In addition, economic downturns may reduce the amount of loan originations and related servicing by our Capital Markets business. 

The performance of our asset services line of business
depends upon how well the properties we manage perform. This is because our fees are generally based on a percentage of rent collections from these properties. Rent collections may be affected by many factors, including: (i) real estate and
financial market conditions prevailing generally and locally; (ii) our ability to attract and retain creditworthy tenants, particularly during economic downturns; and (iii) the magnitude of defaults by tenants under their respective
leases, which may increase during distressed economic conditions. 

In continental Europe and Asia Pacific, the economies in certain countries can be fragile, which may adversely affect our financial performance. 

Economic, political and regulatory uncertainty as well as significant changes and volatility in the financial
markets and business environment, and in the global landscape, make it increasingly difficult for us to predict our financial performance into the future. As a result, any guidance or outlook that we provide on our performance is based on
then-current conditions, and there is a risk that such guidance may turn out to be inaccurate. 

10 

Table of Contents

Adverse developments in the credit markets may harm our business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

Our
Global Investment Management, Development Services and Capital Markets (including property sales and mortgage and structured financing services) businesses are sensitive to credit cost and availability as well as marketplace liquidity. Additionally,
the revenues in all of our businesses are dependent to some extent on the overall volume of activity (and pricing) in the commercial real estate market. 

Disruptions in the credit markets may adversely affect our business of providing advisory services to owners, investors and occupiers of
real estate in connection with the leasing, disposition and acquisition of property. If our clients are unable to procure credit on favorable terms, there may be fewer completed leasing transactions, dispositions and acquisitions of property. In
addition, if purchasers of commercial real estate are not able to procure favorable financing resulting in the lack of disposition opportunities for our funds and projects, our Global Investment Management and Development Services businesses may be
unable to generate incentive fees, and we may also experience losses of co-invested equity capital if the disruption causes a permanent decline in the value of investments made. 

Our operations are subject to social, political and
economic risks in foreign countries as well as foreign currency volatility. 

We conduct a significant portion of our business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the United States and as a result, we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally.
During 2016, approximately 47% of our revenue was transacted in foreign currencies, the majority of which included the Australian dollar, Brazilian real, British pound sterling, Canadian dollar, Chinese yuan, Danish krone, euro, Hong Kong dollar,
Indian rupee, Japanese yen, Mexican peso, Polish zloty, Singapore dollar, Swedish krona, Swiss franc and Thai baht. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may result in corresponding fluctuations in our assets under management for our
Global Investment Management business, revenue and earnings. Over time, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the other currencies in which we may generate earnings could adversely affect our business, financial condition and
operating results. Due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon future operating results. For example, Brexit
caused a significant decline in the value of the British pound sterling against the U.S. dollar during 2016 and negotiations with respect to the terms of the U.K.’s withdrawal or other changes to the membership or policies of the European
Union, or speculation about such events, may cause additional volatility in international currency markets. In addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may make it more difficult to perform period-to-period
 comparisons of our reported results of operations. 

Additional circumstances and developments related to international operations that could negatively affect our business, financial
condition or results of operations include, but are not limited to, the following factors: 

•

 difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations among diverse geographies, languages and cultures;

•

 currency restrictions, transfer pricing regulations and adverse tax consequences, which may affect our ability to transfer capital and profits to the
United States; 

•

 adverse changes in regulatory or tax requirements and regimes or uncertainty about the application of or the future of such regulatory or tax
requirements and regimes; 

•

 the responsibility of complying with numerous, potentially conflicting and frequently complex and changing laws in multiple jurisdictions, e.g.,
with respect to corrupt practices, embargoes, trade sanctions, employment and licensing; 

•

 the impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability; 

11 

Table of Contents

•

 greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable in some geographic regions such as Asia, where many countries have underdeveloped insolvency laws;

•

 a tendency for clients to delay payments in some European and Asian countries; 

•

 political and economic instability in certain countries; 

•

 foreign ownership restrictions with respect to operations in certain countries, particularly in Asia Pacific, or the risk that such restrictions will
be adopted in the future; and 

•

 changes in U.S. laws or policies governing foreign trade or investment and use of foreign operations or workers, and any negative sentiments towards
the United States as a result of any such changes to laws or policies. 

We maintain anti-corruption and anti-money-laundering compliance programs and programs designed to enable us to comply with applicable government economic sanctions, embargoes and other import/export
controls throughout the company. But, coordinating our activities to deal with the broad range of complex legal and regulatory environments in which we operate presents significant challenges. We may not be successful in complying with regulations
in all situations and violations may result in criminal or civil sanctions, including material monetary fines, penalties, equitable remedies (including disgorgement), and other costs against us or our employees, and may have a material adverse
effect on our reputation and business. 

We have
committed additional resources to expand our worldwide sales and marketing activities, to globalize our service offerings and products in select markets and to develop local sales and support channels. If we are unable to successfully implement
these plans, maintain adequate long-term strategies that successfully manage the risks associated with our global business or adequately manage operational fluctuations, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In
addition, we have penetrated, and seek to continue to enter into, emerging markets to further expand our global platform. However, we may not be successful in effectively evaluating and monitoring the key business, operational, legal and compliance
risks specific to those markets. The political and cultural risks present in emerging countries could also harm our ability to successfully execute our operations or manage our businesses there. 

Our success depends upon the retention of our senior
management, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified and experienced employees. 

Our continued success is highly dependent upon the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees, including Robert E.
Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Sulentic and certain other key employees are not parties to employment agreements with us. We also are highly dependent upon the retention of our property sales and leasing professionals,
who generate a significant amount of our revenues, as well as other revenue producing professionals. The departure of any of our key employees, or the loss of a significant number of key revenue producers, if we are unable to quickly hire and
integrate qualified replacements, could cause our business, financial condition and results of operations to suffer. Competition for these personnel is significant and we may not be able to successfully recruit, integrate or retain sufficiently
qualified personnel. In addition, the growth of our business is largely dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified support personnel in all areas of our business. We and our competitors use equity incentives and sign-on and retention bonuses to help attract, retain and incentivize key personnel. As competition is significant for the services of such personnel, the expense of such incentives and bonuses may increase and we
may be unable to attract or retain such personnel to the same extent that we have in the past. Any significant decline in, or failure to grow, our stock price may result in an increased risk of loss of these key personnel. Furthermore, shareholder
influence on our compensation practices, including our ability to issue equity compensation, may decrease our ability to offer attractive compensation to key personnel and make recruiting, retaining and incentivizing such personnel more difficult.
If we are unable to attract and retain these qualified personnel, our growth may be limited and our business and operating results could suffer. 

12 

Table of Contents

We have numerous local and global competitors across all of our business lines and the
geographies that we serve, and further industry consolidation could lead to significant future competition. 

We compete across a variety of business disciplines within the commercial real estate services and investment industry, including
commercial property, corporate facilities, project and transaction management, tenant/occupier and property/agency leasing, capital markets solutions (property sales, commercial mortgage brokerage, loan origination and servicing), real estate
investment management, valuation, development services and proprietary research. Although we are the largest commercial real estate services firm in the world in terms of 2016 revenue, our relative competitive position varies significantly across
geographies, property types and services and business lines. Depending on the geography, property type or service or business line, we face competition from other commercial real estate service providers and investment firms, including outsourcing
companies that traditionally competed in limited portions of our facilities management business and have expanded their offerings from time to time, in-house corporate real estate departments, developers,
institutional lenders, insurance companies, investment banking firms, investment managers and accounting and consulting firms. Some of these firms may have greater financial resources allocated to a particular geography, property type or service or
business line than we have allocated to that geography, property type, service or business line. In addition, future changes in laws could lead to the entry of other new competitors, such as financial institutions. Although many of our existing
competitors are local or regional firms that are smaller than we are, some of these competitors are larger on a local or regional basis. We are further subject to competition from large national and multi-national firms that have similar service and
investment competencies to ours, and it is possible that further industry consolidation could lead to much larger and more formidable competitors globally or in the particular geographies, property types, service or business lines that we serve.
There is no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively, to maintain current fee levels or margins, or maintain or increase our market share. 

Our growth has benefited significantly from acquisitions, which may not perform as expected and similar opportunities may not be
available in the future. 

A significant
component of our growth over time has been generated by acquisitions. Any future growth through acquisitions will depend in part upon the continued availability of suitable acquisition candidates at favorable prices and upon advantageous terms and
conditions, which may not be available to us, as well as sufficient liquidity and credit to fund these acquisitions. We may incur significant additional debt from time to time to finance any such acquisitions, subject to the restrictions contained
in the documents governing our then-existing indebtedness. If we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our then-existing debt, would increase. Acquisitions involve risks that business
judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of businesses acquired may prove incorrect. Future acquisitions and any necessary related financings also may involve significant transaction-related expenses, which include severance, lease
termination, transaction and deferred financing costs, among others. 

We have had, and may continue to experience, challenges in integrating operations and information technology systems acquired from other companies. This could result in the diversion of management’s
attention from other business concerns and the potential loss of our key employees or clients or those of the acquired operations. The integration process itself may be disruptive to our business and the acquired company’s businesses as it
requires coordination of geographically diverse organizations and implementation of new accounting and information technology systems. We believe that most acquisitions will initially have an adverse impact on operating and net income. Acquisitions
also frequently involve significant costs related to integrating information technology and accounting and management services. 

We complete acquisitions with the expectation that they will result in various benefits, including enhanced or more stable revenues, a
strengthened market position, cross-selling opportunities, cost synergies, tax benefits and accretion to our adjusted income per share. Achieving the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions is subject to a number of uncertainties, including the
realization of accretive benefits in the timeframe anticipated and whether we can successfully integrate the acquired business. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could 

13 

Table of Contents

result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management’s time and energy, which could in turn materially and adversely affect our overall
business, financial condition and operating results. 

Our joint venture activities and affiliate program involve unique risks that are often outside of our control and that, if realized, could harm our business. 

We have utilized joint ventures for commercial investments,
select local brokerage and other affiliations both in the United States and internationally, and we may acquire interests in other joint ventures in the future. Under our affiliate program, we enter into contractual relationships with local
brokerage, asset services or other operations pursuant to which we license to that operation our name and make available certain of our resources, in exchange for a royalty or economic participation in that operation’s revenue, profits or
transactional activity. In many of these joint ventures and affiliations, we may not have the right or power to direct the management and policies of the joint ventures or affiliates, and other participants or operators of affiliates may take action
contrary to our instructions or requests and against our policies and objectives. In addition, the other participants and operators may become bankrupt or have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. If a joint
venture participant or affiliate acts contrary to our interest, it could harm our brand, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our real estate investment and co-investment activities in our Global Investment Management
as well as Development Services businesses subject us to real estate investment risks which could cause fluctuations in earnings and cash flow. 

An important part of the strategy for our Global Investment Management business involves
co-investing our capital in certain real estate investments with our clients, and there is an inherent risk of loss of our investments. As of December 31, 2016, we had committed $31.6 million to fund
future 
co-investments in our Global Investment Management business, $25.5 million of which is expected to be funded during 2017. In addition to required future capital contributions, some of the 
co-investment entities may request additional capital from us and our subsidiaries holding investments in those assets. However, our debt instruments contain restrictions that may limit our ability to provide
capital to the entities holding direct or indirect interests in 
co-investments. The failure to provide these contributions could have adverse consequences to our interests in these investments, including
damage to our reputation with our 
co-investment partners and clients, as well as the necessity of obtaining alternative funding from other sources that may be on disadvantageous terms for us and the other 
co-investors. Participating as a 
co-investor is an important part of our Global Investment Management business, which might suffer if we were unable to make these investments.

Selective investment in real estate projects is
an important part of our Development Services business strategy, and there is an inherent risk of loss of our investments. As of December 31, 2016, we had nine real estate projects consolidated in our financial statements. In addition, at
December 31, 2016, we were involved as a principal (in most cases, co-investing with our clients) in approximately 60 unconsolidated real estate subsidiaries with invested equity of $121.9 million
and had committed additional capital to these unconsolidated subsidiaries of $23.0 million. As of December 31, 2016, we also guaranteed outstanding notes payable of these unconsolidated subsidiaries with outstanding balances of
$15.7 million. 

During the ordinary course of
our Development Services business, we provide numerous completion and budget guarantees requiring us to complete the relevant project within a specified timeframe and/or within a specified budget, with us potentially being liable for costs to
complete in excess of such timeframe or budget. While we generally have “guaranteed maximum price” contracts with reputable general contractors with respect to projects for which we provide these guarantees (which are intended to pass most
of the risk to such contractors), there can be no assurance that we will not have to perform under any such guarantees. If we are required to perform under a significant number of such guarantees, it could harm our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

14 

Table of Contents

Because the disposition of a single significant investment can affect our financial
performance in any period, our real estate investment activities could cause fluctuations in our net earnings and cash flow. In many cases, we have limited control over the timing of the disposition of these investments and the recognition of any
related gain or loss, or incentive participation fee. 

Poor performance of the investment programs that our Global Investment Management business manages would cause a decline in our revenue, net income and cash flow and could adversely affect our
ability to raise capital for future programs. 

The revenue, net income and cash flow generated by our Global Investment Management business can be volatile period over period, primarily due to the fact that management, transaction and incentive fees
can vary as a result of market movements from one period to another. In the event that any of the investment programs that our Global Investment Management business manages were to perform poorly, our revenue, net income and cash flow could
decline because the value of the assets we manage would decrease, which would result in a reduction in some of our management fees, and our investment returns would decrease, resulting in a reduction in the incentive compensation we earn. Moreover,
we could experience losses on co-investments of our own capital in such programs as a result of poor performance. Investors and potential investors in our programs continually assess our performance, and our
ability to raise capital for existing and future programs and maintaining our current fee structure will depend on our continued satisfactory performance. 

Our debt instruments impose operating and financial restrictions on us, and in the event of a default, all of our borrowings would
become immediately due and payable. 

We
have debt and related debt service obligations. As of December 31, 2016, our total debt, excluding notes payable on real estate (which are generally nonrecourse to us) and warehouse lines of credit (which are recourse only to our wholly-owned
subsidiary, CBRE Capital Markets, and are secured by our related warehouse receivables), was approximately $2.6 billion. For the year ended December 31, 2016, our interest expense was approximately $144.9 million. 

Our debt instruments, including our credit agreement, impose,
and the terms of any future debt may impose, operating and other restrictions on us and many of our subsidiaries. These restrictions affect, and in many respects limit or prohibit, our ability to: 

•

 plan for or react to market conditions; 

•

 meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans; and 

•

 finance ongoing operations, strategic acquisitions, investments or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities that would be in our
interest, including: 

•

 incurring or guaranteeing additional indebtedness; 

•

 paying dividends or making distributions on or repurchases of capital stock; 

•

 repurchasing equity interests or debt; 

•

 the payment of dividends or other amounts to us; 

•

 making investments; 

•

 transferring or selling assets, including the stock of subsidiaries; 

•

 engaging in transactions with affiliates; 

•

 issuing subsidiary equity or entering into consolidations and mergers; 

•

 creating liens; and 

•

 entering into sale/leaseback transactions. 

15 

Table of Contents

Our credit agreement currently requires us to maintain a minimum coverage ratio of EBITDA
(as defined in the credit agreement) to total interest expense of 2.00x and a maximum leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement) of 4.25x as of the end of each fiscal quarter. Our coverage ratio
of EBITDA to total interest expense was 12.73x for the year ended December 31, 2016, and our leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA was 1.18x as of December 31, 2016. Our ability to meet these financial ratios can be
affected by events beyond our control, and we cannot give assurance that we will be able to meet those ratios when required. We continue to monitor our projected compliance with these financial ratios and other terms of our credit agreement.

A breach of any of these restrictive covenants or
the inability to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default under our debt instruments. If any such default occurs, the lenders under our credit agreement may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with
accrued interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under our credit agreement also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. In addition, a default under
our credit agreement could trigger a cross default or cross acceleration under our other debt instruments. 

Our credit agreement is jointly and severally guaranteed by us and substantially all of our material domestic subsidiaries. 

We have limited restrictions on the amount of
additional recourse debt we are able to incur, which may intensify the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our indebtedness. In addition, in the event of a credit-ratings downgrade, our ability to borrow and the
costs of that borrowing could be adversely affected. 

Subject to the maximum amounts of indebtedness permitted by our credit agreement covenants, we are not restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur, and so we may in the
future incur such indebtedness in order to finance our operations and investments. In addition, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, rate our significant outstanding debt. These ratings, and any
downgrades of them, may affect our ability to borrow as well as the costs of our current and future borrowings. 

A significant portion of our revenue is seasonal, which could cause our financial results to fluctuate significantly.

A significant portion of our revenue is
seasonal. Historically, our revenue, operating income, net income and cash flow from operating activities tend to be lowest in the first calendar quarter, and highest in the fourth calendar quarter of each year. Earnings and cash flow have generally
been concentrated in the fourth calendar quarter due to the focus on completing sales, financing and leasing transactions prior to calendar year-end. This variance among periods makes it difficult to compare
our financial condition and results of operations on a 
quarter-by-quarter
 basis. In addition, as a result of the seasonal nature of our business, political, economic or
other unforeseen disruptions occurring in the fourth quarter that impact our ability to close large transactions may have a disproportionate effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

We are subject to various litigation risks and may face
financial liabilities and/or damage to our reputation as a result of litigation. 

Our businesses are exposed to various litigation risks. In addition, although we maintain insurance coverage for most of this risk, insurance coverage is unavailable at commercially reasonable pricing for
certain types of exposures. Accordingly, an adverse result in a litigation against us, or a lawsuit that results in a substantial legal liability for us (and particularly a lawsuit that is not insured), could have a disproportionate and material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we depend on our business relationships and our reputation for high-caliber professional services to attract and retain clients. As a result, allegations
against us, irrespective of the ultimate outcome of that allegation, may harm our professional reputation and as such materially damage our business and its prospects. 

16 

Table of Contents

A failure to appropriately deal with actual or perceived conflicts of interest could
adversely affect our businesses. 

Our
company has a global platform with different business lines and a broad client base and is therefore subject to numerous potential, actual or perceived conflicts of interests in the provision of services to our existing and potential clients. For
example, conflicts may arise from our position as broker to both owners and tenants in commercial real estate lease transactions. We have adopted various policies, controls and procedures to address or limit actual or perceived conflicts, but these
policies and procedures may not be adequate and may not be adhered to by our employees. Appropriately dealing with conflicts of interest is complex and difficult and our reputation could be damaged and cause us to lose existing clients or fail to
gain new clients if we fail, or appear to fail, to identify, disclose and manage potential conflicts of interest, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, it is possible that in
some jurisdictions regulations could be changed to limit our ability to act for parties where conflicts exist even with informed consent, which could limit our market share in those markets. There can be no assurance that conflicts of interest will
not arise in the future that could cause material harm to us. 

Failure to maintain and execute information technology strategies and ensure that our employees adapt to changes in technology could materially and adversely affect our ability to remain competitive
in the market. 

Our business relies
heavily on information technology to deliver services that meet the needs of our clients. If we are unable to effectively execute our information technology strategies or adopt new technologies and processes relevant to our service platform, our
ability to deliver high-quality services may be materially impaired. In addition, we make significant investments in new systems and tools to achieve competitive advantages and efficiencies. Implementation of such investments in information
technology could exceed estimated budgets and we may experience challenges that prevent new strategies or technologies from being realized according to anticipated schedules. If we are unable to maintain current information technology and processes
or encounter delays, or fail to exploit new technologies, then the execution of our business plans may be disrupted. Similarly, our employees require effective tools and techniques to perform functions integral to our business. Failure to
successfully provide such tools and systems, or ensure that employees have properly adopted them, could materially and adversely impact our ability to achieve positive business outcomes. 

Failure to maintain the security of our information and technology networks, including personally
identifiable and client information, intellectual property and proprietary business information could significantly adversely affect us. 

Security breaches and other disruptions of our information and technology networks could compromise our information and intellectual
property and expose us to liability, reputational harm and significant remediation costs, which could cause material harm to our business and financial results. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including
our proprietary business information and intellectual property, and that of our clients and personally identifiable information of our employees and contractors, in our data centers and on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and
transmission of this information are critical to our operations. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by third parties or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other
disruptions. A significant actual or potential theft, loss, corruption, exposure, fraudulent use or misuse of client, employee or other personally identifiable or proprietary business data, whether by third parties or as a result of employee
malfeasance or otherwise, non-compliance with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data or intellectual property or a violation of our privacy and security policies with respect to such
data could result in significant remediation and other costs, fines, litigation or regulatory actions against us. Such an event could additionally disrupt our operations and the services we provide to clients, damage our reputation, result in the
loss of a competitive advantage, impact our ability to provide timely and accurate financial data and cause a loss of confidence in our services and financial reporting, which could adversely affect our business, revenues, competitive position and
investor confidence. Additionally, we increasingly rely on third-party data storage 

17 

Table of Contents

providers, including cloud storage solution providers, resulting in less direct control over our data. Such third parties are also vulnerable to security breaches and compromised security
systems, for which we may not be indemnified and which could materially adversely affect us and our reputation. 

Interruption or failure of our information technology, communications systems or data services could impair our ability to provide
our services effectively, which could damage our reputation and materially harm our operating results. 

Our business requires the continued operation of information technology and communication systems and network infrastructure. Our ability
to conduct our global business may be materially adversely affected by disruptions to these systems or infrastructure. Our information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or disruption from fire, power loss,
telecommunications failure, system malfunctions, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes and floods, acts of war or terrorism, employee errors or malfeasance, or other events which are beyond our control.
In addition, the operation and maintenance of these systems and networks is in some cases dependent on third-party technologies, systems and service providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability. Any of these events could
cause system interruption, delays and loss, corruption or exposure of critical data or intellectual property and may also disrupt our ability to provide services to or interact with our clients, and we may not be able to successfully implement
contingency plans that depend on communication or travel. Furthermore, any such event could result in substantial recovery and remediation costs and liability to customers, business partners and other third parties. We have disaster recovery plans
and backup systems to reduce the potentially adverse effect of such events, but our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient and cannot account for all eventualities, and a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of
any of our data centers or our critical business or information technology systems could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations, and as a result, our future operating results could be materially adversely affected.

The infrastructure disruptions we describe above
may also disrupt our ability to manage real estate for clients or may adversely affect the value of real estate investments we make on behalf of clients. The buildings we manage for clients, which include some of the world’s largest office