Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file with the SEC are risks and uncertainties that could cause our
actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report and other public statements we make. Based on the information currently known to us, we believe that the matters discussed
below identify the material risk factors affecting our business. However, the risks and uncertainties we face are not limited to those described below. Additional risks 

9 

Table of Contents

and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial (but that later become material) may also adversely affect our business. 

The success of our business is significantly related to
general economic conditions and, accordingly, our business, operations and financial condition could be adversely affected by economic slowdowns, liquidity crises, fiscal uncertainty and possible subsequent downturns in commercial real estate asset
values, property sales and leasing activities in one or more of the geographies or industry sectors that we or our clients serve. 

Periods of economic weakness or recession, significantly rising interest rates, fiscal uncertainty, declining employment levels, declining
demand for commercial real estate, falling real estate values, disruption to the global capital or credit markets or the public perception that any of these events may occur, may negatively affect the performance of some or all of our business
lines. 

Our business is significantly affected by
generally prevailing economic conditions in the markets where we principally operate, which can result in a general decline in real estate acquisition, disposition and leasing activity, as well as a general decline in the value of commercial real
estate and in rents, which in turn reduces revenue from asset services fees and commissions derived from property sales, leasing, valuation and financing, as well as revenues associated with development or investment management activities. Our
businesses could also suffer from any political or economic disruption that affects interest rates or liquidity. 

Adverse economic conditions could also lead to a decline in property sales prices as well as a decline in funds invested in existing
commercial real estate assets and properties planned for development, which in turn could reduce the commissions and fees that we earn. In addition, our development and investment strategy often entails making co-investments alongside our investor
clients. During an economic downturn, capital for our investment activities is usually constrained and it may take longer for us to dispose of real estate investments or selling prices may be lower than originally anticipated. As a result, the value
of our commercial real estate investments may be reduced, and we could realize losses or diminished profitability. In addition, economic downturns may reduce the amount of loan originations and related servicing by our Capital Markets business.

The performance of our asset services line of
business depends upon how well the properties we manage perform. This is because our fees are generally based on a percentage of rent collections from these properties. Rent collections may be affected by many factors, including: (i) real
estate and financial market conditions prevailing generally and locally; (ii) our ability to attract and retain creditworthy tenants, particularly during economic downturns; and (iii) the magnitude of defaults by tenants under their
respective leases, which may increase during distressed economic conditions. 

Certain geographies within the Americas, as well as certain industry sectors that we serve, have been negatively affected by the recent weakened performance of the oil and gas industry, which may in turn
diminish the performance of our various businesses in those geographies as well as reduce the demand for our services by our clients in such areas or who are affected by that industry. In continental Europe, the economic recovery is slow and
fragile. If recovery in certain European economies stalls, our performance may be adversely affected. In addition, China’s deteriorating macro-economic environment could adversely affect our operations in our Asia Pacific segment, which may
adversely affect our financial performance. 

Economic uncertainty as well as significant changes and volatility in the financial markets and business environment, and in the global
landscape, make it increasingly difficult for us to predict our financial performance into the future. As a result, any guidance or outlook that we provide on our performance is based on then-current conditions, and there is a risk that such
guidance may turn out to be inaccurate. 

Adverse developments in the credit markets may harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our Global Investment Management, Development Services and
Capital Markets (including investment property sales and debt and structured financing services) businesses are sensitive to credit cost and availability 

10 

Table of Contents

as well as marketplace liquidity. Additionally, the revenues in all of our businesses are dependent to some extent on the overall volume of activity (and pricing) in the commercial real estate
market. 

Disruptions in the credit markets may
adversely affect our business of providing advisory services to owners, investors and occupiers of real estate in connection with the leasing, disposition and acquisition of property. If our clients are unable to procure credit on favorable terms,
there may be fewer completed leasing transactions, dispositions and acquisitions of property. In addition, if purchasers of commercial real estate are not able to procure favorable financing resulting in the lack of disposition opportunities for our
funds and projects, our Global Investment Management and Development Services businesses may be unable to generate incentive fees, and we may also experience losses of co-invested equity capital if the disruption causes a permanent decline in the
value of investments made. 

Our operations
are subject to social, political and economic risks in foreign countries as well as foreign currency volatility. 

We conduct a significant portion of our business and employ a substantial number of people outside of the United States and as a result,
we are subject to risks associated with doing business globally. During 2015, approximately 45% of our revenue was transacted in foreign currencies, the majority of which included the Australian dollar, Brazilian real, British pound sterling,
Canadian dollar, Chinese yuan, euro, Hong Kong dollar, Indian rupee, Japanese yen, Mexican peso, Singapore dollar and Swiss franc. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may result in corresponding fluctuations in our assets under
management for our Global Investment Management business, revenue and earnings. Over time, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar relative to the other currencies in which we may generate earnings could adversely affect our business, financial
condition and operating results. Due to the constantly changing currency exposures to which we are subject and the volatility of currency exchange rates, we cannot predict the effect of exchange rate fluctuations upon future operating results. In
addition, fluctuations in currencies relative to the U.S. dollar may make it more difficult to perform period-to-period comparisons of our reported results of operations. 

Additional circumstances and developments related to
international operations that could negatively affect our business, financial condition or results of operations include, but are not limited to, the following factors: 

•

 difficulties and costs of staffing and managing international operations among diverse geographies, languages and cultures;

•

 currency restrictions, transfer pricing regulations and adverse tax consequences, which may affect our ability to transfer capital and profits to the
United States; 

•

 adverse changes in regulatory or tax requirements and regimes; 

•

 the responsibility of complying with numerous, potentially conflicting and frequently complex and changing laws in multiple jurisdictions, e.g.,
with respect to corrupt practices, embargoes, trade sanctions, employment and licensing; 

•

 the impact of regional or country-specific business cycles and economic instability; 

•

 greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable in some geographic regions such as Asia, where many countries have underdeveloped insolvency laws;

•

 a tendency for clients to delay payments in some European and Asian countries; 

•

 political and economic instability in certain countries; and 

•

 foreign ownership restrictions with respect to operations in certain countries, particularly in Asia Pacific, or the risk that such restrictions will
be adopted in the future. 

11 

Table of Contents

We maintain anti-corruption and anti-money-laundering compliance programs and programs
designed to enable us to comply with applicable government economic sanctions, embargoes and other import/export controls throughout the company. But, coordinating our activities to deal with the broad range of complex legal and regulatory
environments in which we operate presents significant challenges. We may not be successful in complying with regulations in all situations and violations may result in criminal or civil sanctions, including material monetary fines, penalties,
equitable remedies (including disgorgement), and other costs against us or our employees, and may have a material adverse effect on our reputation and business. 

We have committed additional resources to expand our worldwide sales and marketing activities, to globalize our service offerings and
products in selected markets and to develop local sales and support channels. If we are unable to successfully implement these plans, maintain adequate long-term strategies that successfully manage the risks associated with our global business or
adequately manage operational fluctuations, our business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed. In addition, we have penetrated, and seek to continue to enter into, emerging markets to further expand our global platform.
However, we may not be successful in effectively evaluating and monitoring the key business, operational, legal and compliance risks specific to those markets. The political and cultural risks present in emerging countries could also harm our
ability to successfully execute our operations or manage our businesses there. 

Our growth has benefited significantly from acquisitions, which may not perform as expected and similar opportunities may not be available in the future. 

A significant component of our growth has been generated by
acquisitions. Any future growth through acquisitions will depend in part upon the continued availability of suitable acquisition candidates at favorable prices and upon advantageous terms and conditions, which may not be available to us, as well as
sufficient liquidity and credit to fund these acquisitions. We may incur significant additional debt from time to time to finance any such acquisitions, subject to the restrictions contained in the documents governing our then-existing indebtedness.
If we incur additional debt, the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our then-existing debt, would increase. Acquisitions involve risks that business judgments concerning the value, strengths and weaknesses of
businesses acquired may prove incorrect. Future acquisitions and any necessary related financings also may involve significant transaction-related expenses, which include severance, lease termination, transaction and deferred financing costs, among
others. 

We have had, and may continue to
experience, challenges in integrating operations and information technology systems acquired from other companies. This could result in the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns and the potential loss of our key
employees or clients or those of the acquired operations. The integration process itself may be disruptive to our business and the acquired company’s businesses as it requires coordination of geographically diverse organizations and
implementation of new accounting and information technology systems. We believe that most acquisitions will initially have an adverse impact on operating and net income. Acquisitions also frequently involve significant costs related to integrating
information technology, accounting and management services and rationalizing personnel levels. 

We complete acquisitions with the expectation that they will result in various benefits, including enhanced or more stable revenues, a strengthened market position, cross-selling opportunities, cost
synergies, tax benefits and accretion to our adjusted income per share. Achieving the anticipated benefits of these acquisitions is subject to a number of uncertainties, including the realization of accretive benefits in the timeframe anticipated
and whether we can successfully integrate the acquired business. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and diversion of management’s time and energy, which
could in turn materially and adversely affect our overall business, financial condition and operating results. 

12 

Table of Contents

Our success depends upon the retention of our senior management, as well as our
ability to attract and retain qualified and experienced employees. 

Our continued success is highly dependent upon the efforts of our executive officers and other key employees, including Robert E. Sulentic, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Sulentic and
certain other key employees are not parties to employment agreements with us. We also are highly dependent upon the retention of our property sales and leasing professionals, who generate a significant amount of our revenues, as well as other
revenue producing professionals. The departure of any of our key employees, or the loss of a significant number of key revenue producers, if we are unable to quickly hire and integrate qualified replacements, could cause our business, financial
condition and results of operations to suffer. Competition for these personnel is significant and we may not be able to successfully recruit, integrate or retain sufficiently qualified personnel. In addition, the growth of our business is largely
dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified support personnel in all areas of our business. We and our competitors use equity incentives and sign-on and retention bonuses to help attract, retain and incentivize key personnel. As
competition is significant for the services of such personnel, the expense of such incentives and bonuses may increase and we may be unable to attract or retain such personnel to the same extent that we have in the past. Any significant decline in,
or failure to grow, our stock price may result in an increased risk of loss of these key personnel. If we are unable to attract and retain these qualified personnel, our growth may be limited and our business and operating results could suffer.

Our joint venture activities and affiliate
program involve unique risks that are often outside of our control and that, if realized, could harm our business. 

We have utilized joint ventures for commercial investments, select local brokerage and other affiliations both in the United States and
internationally, and we may acquire interests in other joint ventures in the future. Under our affiliate program, we enter into contractual relationships with local brokerage, asset services or other operations pursuant to which we license to that
operation our name and make available certain of our resources, in exchange for a royalty or economic participation in that operation’s revenue, profits or transactional activity. In many of these joint ventures and affiliations, we may not
have the right or power to direct the management and policies of the joint ventures or affiliates, and other participants or operators of affiliates may take action contrary to our instructions or requests and against our policies and objectives. In
addition, the other participants and operators may become bankrupt or have economic or other business interests or goals that are inconsistent with ours. If a joint venture participant or affiliate acts contrary to our interest, it could harm our
brand, business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our real estate investment and co-investment activities in our Global Investment Management as well as Development Services businesses subject us to real estate investment risks which could cause
fluctuations in earnings and cash flow. 

An important part of the strategy for our Global Investment Management business involves co-investing our capital in certain real estate
investments with our clients, and there is an inherent risk of loss of our investments. As of December 31, 2015, we had committed $12.8 million to fund future co-investments in our Global Investment Management business, $8.8 million of which is
expected to be funded during 2016. In addition to required future capital contributions, some of the co-investment entities may request additional capital from us and our subsidiaries holding investments in those assets. The failure to provide these
contributions could have adverse consequences to our interests in these investments, including damage to our reputation with our co-investment partners and clients, as well as the necessity of obtaining alternative funding from other sources that
may be on disadvantageous terms for us and the other co-investors. Participating as a co-investor is an important part of our Global Investment Management business, which might suffer if we were unable to make these investments. Although our debt
instruments contain restrictions that limit our ability to provide capital to the entities holding direct or indirect interests in co-investments, we may provide this capital in many instances in further support of the co-investment. 

Selective investment in real estate projects is an important
part of our Development Services business strategy, and there is an inherent risk of loss of our investments. As of December 31, 2015, we had 10 consolidated real estate projects with invested equity of $9.1 million. In addition, at
December 31, 2015, we were 

13 

Table of Contents

involved as a principal (in most cases, co-investing with our clients) in approximately 60 unconsolidated real estate subsidiaries with invested equity of $121.9 million and had committed
additional capital to these unconsolidated subsidiaries of $29.6 million. As of December 31, 2015, we also guaranteed outstanding notes payable of these unconsolidated subsidiaries with outstanding balances of $12.4 million. 

During the ordinary course of our Development Services
business, we provide numerous completion and budget guarantees requiring us to complete the relevant project within a specified timeframe and/or within a specified budget, with us potentially being liable for costs to complete in excess of such
timeframe or budget. While we generally have “guaranteed maximum price” contracts with reputable general contractors with respect to projects for which we provide these guarantees (which are intended to pass most of the risk to such
contractors), there can be no assurance that we will not have to perform under any such guarantees. If we are required to perform under a significant number of such guarantees, it could harm our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Because the disposition of a single
significant investment can affect our financial performance in any period, our real estate investment activities could cause fluctuations in our net earnings and cash flow. In many cases, we have limited control over the timing of the disposition of
these investments and the recognition of any related gain or loss, or incentive participation fee. 

Poor performance of the investment programs that our Global Investment Management business manages would cause a decline in our revenue, net income and cash flow and could adversely affect our
ability to raise capital for future programs. 

The revenue, net income and cash flow generated by our Global Investment Management business can be volatile period over period, primarily due to the fact that management, transaction and incentive fees
can vary as a result of market movements from one period to another. In the event that any of the investment programs that our Global Investment Management business manages were to perform poorly, our revenue, net income and cash flow could decline
because the value of the assets we manage would decrease, which would result in a reduction in some of our management fees, and our investment returns would decrease, resulting in a reduction in the incentive compensation we earn. Moreover, we could
experience losses on co-investments of our own capital in such programs as a result of poor performance. Investors and potential investors in our programs continually assess our performance, and our ability to raise capital for existing and future
programs and maintaining our current fee structure will depend on our continued satisfactory performance. 

Our debt instruments impose operating and financial restrictions on us, and in the event of a default, all of our borrowings would
become immediately due and payable. 

We
have debt and related debt service obligations. As of December 31, 2015, our total debt, excluding notes payable on real estate (which are generally nonrecourse to us) and warehouse lines of credit (which are recourse only to our wholly-owned
subsidiary, CBRE Capital Markets, and are secured by our related warehouse receivables), was approximately $2.7 billion. For the year ended December 31, 2015, our interest expense was approximately $118.9 million. 

Our debt instruments, including our credit agreement, impose,
and the terms of any future debt may impose, operating and other restrictions on us and many of our subsidiaries. These restrictions affect, and in many respects limit or prohibit, our ability to: 

•

 plan for or react to market conditions; 

•

 meet capital needs or otherwise restrict our activities or business plans; and 

•

 finance ongoing operations, strategic acquisitions, investments or other capital needs or to engage in other business activities that would be in our
interest, including: 

•

 incurring or guaranteeing additional indebtedness; 

14 

Table of Contents

•

 paying dividends or making distributions on or repurchases of capital stock; 

•

 repurchasing equity interests or debt; 

•

 the payment of dividends or other amounts to us; 

•

 making investments; 

•

 transferring or selling assets, including the stock of subsidiaries; 

•

 engaging in transactions with affiliates; 

•

 issuing subsidiary equity or entering into consolidations and mergers; 

•

 creating liens; and 

•

 entering into sale/leaseback transactions. 

Our credit agreement currently requires us to maintain a minimum coverage ratio of EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement) to total
interest expense of 2.00x and a maximum leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement) of 4.25x as of the end of each fiscal quarter. Our coverage ratio of EBITDA to total interest expense was 11.81x
for the year ended December 31, 2015, and our leverage ratio of total debt less available cash to EBITDA was 1.45x as of December 31, 2015. Our ability to meet these financial ratios can be affected by events beyond our control, and we
cannot give assurance that we will be able to meet those ratios when required. We continue to monitor our projected compliance with these financial ratios and other terms of our credit agreement. 

A breach of any of these restrictive covenants or the
inability to comply with the required financial ratios could result in a default under our debt instruments. If any such default occurs, the lenders under our credit agreement may elect to declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued
interest and other fees, to be immediately due and payable. The lenders under our credit agreement also have the right in these circumstances to terminate any commitments they have to provide further borrowings. In addition, a default under our
credit agreement could trigger a cross default or cross acceleration under our other debt instruments. 

Our credit agreement is jointly and severally guaranteed by us and substantially all of our material domestic subsidiaries. 

We have limited restrictions on the amount of
additional recourse debt we are able to incur, which may intensify the risks associated with our leverage, including our ability to service our indebtedness. In addition, in the event of a credit-ratings downgrade, our ability to borrow and the
costs of that borrowing could be adversely affected. 

Subject to the maximum amounts of indebtedness permitted by our credit agreement covenants, we are not restricted in the amount of additional recourse debt we are able to incur, and so we may in the
future incur such indebtedness in order to finance our operations and investments. In addition, Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. and Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc., rate our significant
outstanding debt. These ratings, and any downgrades of them, may affect our ability to borrow as well as the costs of our current and future borrowings. 

15 

Table of Contents

We are subject to various litigation risks and may face financial liabilities and/or
damage to our reputation as a result of litigation. 

Our businesses are exposed to various litigation risks. In addition, although we maintain insurance coverage for most of this risk, insurance coverage is unavailable at commercially reasonable pricing for
certain types of exposures. Accordingly, an adverse result in a litigation against us, or a lawsuit that results in a substantial legal liability for us (and particularly a lawsuit that is not insured), could have a disproportionate and material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we depend on our business relationships and our reputation for high-caliber professional services to attract and retain clients. As a result, allegations
against us, irrespective of the ultimate outcome of that allegation, may harm our professional reputation and as such materially damage our business and its prospects. 

Failure to maintain and execute information technology
strategies and ensure that our employees adapt to changes in technology could materially and adversely affect our ability to remain competitive in the market. 

Our business relies heavily on information technology to
deliver services that meet the needs of our clients. If we are unable to effectively execute our information technology strategies or adopt new technologies and processes relevant to our service platform, our ability to deliver high-quality services
may be materially impaired. In addition, we make significant investments in new systems and tools to achieve competitive advantages and efficiencies. Implementation of such investments in information technology could exceed estimated budgets and we
may experience challenges that prevent new strategies or technologies from being realized according to anticipated schedules. If we are unable to maintain current information technology and processes or encounter delays, or fail to exploit new
technologies, then the execution of our business plans may be disrupted. Similarly, our employees require effective tools and techniques to perform functions integral to our business. Failure to successfully provide such tools and systems, or ensure
that employees have properly adopted them, could materially and adversely impact our ability to achieve positive business outcomes. 

Failure to maintain the security of our information and technology networks, including personally identifiable and client
information, intellectual property and proprietary business information could significantly adversely affect us. 

Security breaches and other disruptions of our information and technology networks could compromise our information and intellectual
property and expose us to liability, reputational harm and significant remediation costs, which could cause material harm to our business and financial results. In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store sensitive data, including
our proprietary business information and intellectual property, and that of our clients and personally identifiable information of our employees and contractors, in our data centers and on our networks. The secure processing, maintenance and
transmission of this information are critical to our operations. Despite our security measures, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by third parties or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other
disruptions. A significant actual or potential theft, loss, corruption, exposure, fraudulent use or misuse of client, employee or other personally identifiable or proprietary business data, whether by third parties or as a result of employee
malfeasance or otherwise, non-compliance with our contractual or other legal obligations regarding such data or intellectual property or a violation of our privacy and security policies with respect to such data could result in significant
remediation and other costs, fines, litigation or regulatory actions against us. Such an event could additionally disrupt our operations and the services we provide to clients, damage our reputation, result in the loss of a competitive advantage,
impact our ability to provide timely and accurate financial data and cause a loss of confidence in our services and financial reporting, which could adversely affect our business, revenues, competitive position and investor confidence. Additionally,
we increasingly rely on third-party data storage providers, including cloud storage solution providers, resulting in less direct control over our data. Such third parties are also vulnerable to security breaches and compromised security systems, for
which we may not be indemnified and which could materially adversely affect us and our reputation. 

16 

Table of Contents

Interruption or failure of our information technology, communications systems or data
services could impair our ability to provide our services effectively, which could damage our reputation and materially harm our operating results. 

Our business requires the continued operation of information technology and communication systems and network infrastructure. Our ability
to conduct our global business may be materially adversely affected by disruptions to these systems or infrastructure. Our information technology and communications systems are vulnerable to damage or disruption from fire, power loss,
telecommunications failure, system malfunctions, computer viruses, cyber-attacks, natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes and floods, acts of war or terrorism, employee errors or malfeasance, or other events which are beyond our control.
In addition, the operation and maintenance of these systems and networks is in some cases dependent on third-party technologies, systems and service providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability. Any of these events could
cause system interruption, delays and loss, corruption or exposure of critical data or intellectual property and may also disrupt our ability to provide services to or interact with our clients, and we may not be able to successfully implement
contingency plans that depend on communication or travel. Furthermore, any such event could result in substantial recovery and remediation costs and liability to customers, business partners and other third parties. We have disaster recovery plans
and backup systems to reduce the potentially adverse effect of such events, but our disaster recovery planning may not be sufficient and cannot account for all eventualities, and a catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of
any of our data centers or our critical business or information technology systems could severely affect our ability to conduct normal business operations, and as a result, our future operating results could be materially adversely affected.

The infrastructure disruptions we describe above
may also disrupt our ability to manage real estate for clients or may adversely affect the value of real estate investments we make on behalf of clients. The buildings we manage for clients, which include some of the world’s largest office