.

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

        This document and the documents incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including "Item 7. Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition," contain both historical and forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact are, or may be deemed to be,
forward-looking statements within the meaning of section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements are
not based on historical facts, but rather reflect the Company's current expectations concerning future results and events. These forward-looking statements generally can be identified by the use of
statements that include phrases such as "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "foresee," "likely," "will" or other similar words or phrases. Similarly, statements that describe the
Company's objectives, plans or goals are or may be forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that are difficult to
predict and which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Company to be different from any future results, performance and achievements expressed or implied by these
statements. More information about these risks, uncertainties and other factors is set forth below. There may be additional risks, uncertainties and factors that the Company does not currently view as
material or that are not necessarily known. The forward-looking statements included in this document are only made as of the date of this document and the Company does not have any obligation to
publicly update any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances. 

 

        For an enterprise as large and complex as the Company, a wide range of factors could affect our business and financial results. The factors described below are
considered to be the most significant. There may be other currently unknown or unpredictable economic, business, competitive, regulatory or other factors that could have material adverse effects on
the Company's future results. Past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future
periods. 

A Decline in Advertising Expenditures Could Cause the Company's Revenues and Operating Results to Decline Significantly in Any Given Period or in Specific
Markets

The
Company derives substantial revenues from the sale of advertising on its broadcast and basic cable networks, television stations, radio stations, outdoor media and syndicated programming. A
decline in the economic prospects of advertisers, the economy in general or the economy of any individual geographic market, particularly a major market such as Los Angeles, New York or Chicago, in
which the Company owns and operates sizeable businesses, could alter current or prospective advertisers' spending priorities. Disasters, acts of terrorism, political uncertainty or hostilities could
lead to a reduction in advertising expenditures as a result of uninterrupted news coverage and economic uncertainty. Advertising expenditures may also be affected by increasing competition for the
leisure time of audiences. In addition, advertising expenditures by companies in certain sectors of the economy, including the automotive, financial and pharmaceutical segments, represent a
significant portion of the Company's advertising revenues. Any political, economic, social or technological change resulting in a reduction in these sectors' advertising expenditures may adversely
affect the Company's revenue. Advertisers' willingness to purchase advertising from the Company may also be affected by a decline in audience ratings for the Company's programming, the inability of
the Company to retain the rights to popular programming, increasing audience fragmentation caused by the proliferation of new media formats, including cable networks, the Internet and
video-on-demand and the deployment of portable digital devices which allow consumers to time shift programming and skip or fast forward through advertisements. The Company's
revenues from 

I-24

outdoor
advertising also depend on the Company's continued ability to obtain the right to use effective outdoor advertising space. Any reduction in advertising expenditures could have an adverse
effect on the Company's revenues and results of operations. 

The Company's Success Is Dependent upon Audience Acceptance of Its Content, Particularly Its Television and Radio Programs, Which Is Difficult to
Predict

Television
and radio content production and distribution are inherently risky businesses because the revenues derived from the production and distribution of a television or radio program, and the
licensing of rights to the intellectual property associated with the program, depend primarily upon their acceptance by the public, which is difficult to predict. The commercial success of a
television or radio program also depends upon the quality and acceptance of other competing programs released into the marketplace at or near the same time, the availability of alternative forms of
entertainment and leisure time activities, general economic conditions and other tangible and intangible factors, all of which are difficult to predict. Rating points are also factors that are weighed
when determining the advertising rates that the Company receives. Poor ratings can lead to a reduction in pricing and advertising spending. For example, there can be no assurance that any replacement
programming on the Company's radio or television stations will generate the same level of revenues or profitability of previous programming. In addition, the success of the Company's cable networks
and Simon & Schuster is dependent in part on audience acceptance of its programming and publications, respectively. Consequently, low public acceptance of the Company's content, particularly
its television and radio programs, will have an adverse effect on the Company's results of operations. 

Failure by the Company to Obtain, Create and Retain the Rights in Popular Programming Could Adversely Affect the Company's Revenues

Operating
results from the Company's programming businesses fluctuate primarily with the acceptance of such programming by the public, which is difficult to predict. The Company's revenue from its
television and radio business is therefore partially dependent on the Company's continued ability to anticipate and adapt to changes in consumer tastes and behavior on a timely basis. Moreover, the
Company derives a meaningful portion of its revenues from the exploitation of its extensive library of television programming. Generally, a television series must have a network run of at least three
or four years to be successfully sold in domestic syndication. If the content of its television programming library ceases to be widely accepted by audiences or is not continuously replenished with
popular content, the Company's revenues could be adversely affected. The Company obtains a significant portion of its popular programming from third parties. For example, some of CBS Network's most
widely viewed broadcasts, including the NCAA Division 1 Men's Basketball Championship, golf's Masters Tournament and PGA Championship, and NFL games, are made available based upon programming rights
of varying duration that the Company has negotiated with third parties. In addition, Showtime Networks enters into commitments to acquire rights to certain programming for 
Showtime

, 
The Movie Channel

 and 
FLIX

 from motion picture
producers and other suppliers for varying durations, and CBS Radio acquires the broadcast rights to syndicated shows and to various programs, such as sports events from third parties. Competition for
popular programming that is licensed from third parties is intense, and the Company may be outbid by its competitors for the rights to new, popular programming or in connection with the renewal of
popular programming currently licensed by the Company. The Company's failure to obtain or retain rights to popular content could adversely affect the Company's revenues. 

Any Decrease in Popularity of the Programming for Which the Company Has Incurred Significant Commitments Could Have an Adverse Effect on Its
Profitability

Programming
and talent commitments of the Company, estimated to aggregate approximately $13.61 billion as of December 31, 2006, primarily included $8.83 billion for the
acquisition of sports programming rights, $3.33 billion relating to television, radio and film production and acquisitions and $961.6 million for talent contracts. A majority of such
fees are payable over several years, as part of the 

I-25

normal
course of business. A shortfall, now or in the future, in the expected popularity of the sports events for which the Company has acquired rights, or in the television and radio programming the
Company expects to air, could lead to decreased profitability or losses for a significant period of time. 

The Company's Operating Results Are Subject to Seasonal Variations

The
Company's business has experienced and is expected to continue to experience seasonality due to, among other things, seasonal advertising patterns and seasonal influences on people's viewing,
reading and listening habits. Typically, the Company's revenue from advertising increases in the fourth quarter and Simon & Schuster generates a substantial portion of its revenues in the
fourth quarter. In addition, advertising revenues in even-numbered years benefit from advertising placed by candidates for political offices. The effects of such seasonality make it
difficult to estimate future operating results based on the previous results of any specific quarter and may adversely affect operating results. 

The Company's Businesses Operate in Highly Competitive Industries

The
Company competes with other media companies for high quality content and attractive outdoor advertising space to achieve large audiences and to generate advertising revenue. The Company also
competes for distribution on various cable, DTH satellite and other platforms. The Company's ability to attract viewers and advertisers and obtain favorable distribution depends in part on its ability
to provide popular television, syndicated programming and radio programming and books, as well as well-placed outdoor advertising faces. In addition, the consolidation of advertising
agencies, distributors and television service providers has made competition for viewers, advertising revenue, and distribution more intense. In addition, consolidation among book retailers has
resulted in increased competition for limited shelf space for the Company's publications. Competition for viewers and advertising comes from: broadcast television stations and networks; cable
television systems and networks; the Internet; terrestrial and satellite radio and portable digital audio players; outdoor advertisers; local, regional and national newspapers; direct mail; and other
communications and advertising media that operate in these markets. Other television and radio stations or cable networks may change their formats or programming, a new station or new network may
adopt a format to compete directly with the Company's stations or networks, or stations or networks might engage in aggressive promotional campaigns. This competition could result in lower ratings and
advertising and subscription revenues or increased promotional and other expenses and, consequently, lower earnings and cash flow for the Company. The Company cannot assure you that it will be able to
compete successfully in the future against existing or potential competitors, or that competition will not have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or results of operations. 

The Company Must Respond to Rapid Changes in Technology, Content Creation, Services and Standards in Order to Remain Competitive

Video,
telecommunications, radio and data services technologies used in the entertainment industry are changing rapidly. Advances in technologies or alternative methods of product delivery or storage,
or certain changes in consumer behavior driven by these or other technologies and methods of delivery and storage, could have a negative effect on the Company's businesses. Examples of such advances
in technologies include video-on-demand, satellite radio, new video and electronic book formats, user-generated content sites, Internet and mobile distribution of
video content, streaming and downloading from the Internet and digital outdoor displays. For example, devices that allow users to view or listen to television or radio programs on a
time-delayed basis and technologies that enable users to fast-forward or skip advertisements, such as DVRs and portable digital devices, may cause changes in consumer behavior
that could affect the attractiveness of the Company's offerings to advertisers and could therefore adversely affect its revenues. Also, the growing acceptance of user-generated content
sites may adversely impact the Company's businesses. In addition, further increases in the use of portable digital devices which allow users to view or listen to content of their own choosing, in
their own time, while avoiding traditional commercial advertisements, could adversely affect the Company's radio and television broadcasting advertising and subscription revenues. Cable providers and
DTH satellite operators are 

I-26

developing
new techniques that allow them to transmit more channels on their existing equipment to highly targeted audiences, reducing the cost of creating channels and potentially leading to the
division of the television marketplace into more specialized niche audiences. More television options increase competition for viewers and competitors targeting programming to narrowly defined
audiences may gain an advantage over the Company for television advertising and subscription revenues. The ability to anticipate and adapt to changes in technology on a timely basis and exploit new
sources of revenue from these changes will affect the Company's ability to continue to grow and increase its revenue. 

Increased Programming and Content Costs May Adversely Affect the Company's Profits

The
Company produces and acquires programming and content and incurs costs for all types of creative talent, including actors, authors, writers and producers. An increase in the costs of such
programming and content or in the costs for creative talent may lead to decreased profitability. 

Piracy of the Company's Programming and Other Content, Including Digital and Internet Piracy, May Decrease Revenue Received from the Exploitation of the Company's Programming
and Other Content and Adversely Affect Its Businesses and Profitability

Piracy
of programming is prevalent in many parts of the world and is made easier by technological advances allowing conversion of programming and other content into digital formats, which facilitates
the creation, transmission and sharing of high quality unauthorized copies of the Company's content. The proliferation of unauthorized copies and piracy of these products has an adverse effect on the
Company's businesses and profitability because these products reduce the revenue that the Company potentially could receive from the legitimate sale and distribution of its products and services. In
addition, if piracy were to increase, it would have an adverse effect on the Company's businesses and profitability. 

Changes in U.S. Communications Laws or Other Regulations May Have an Adverse Effect on the Company's Business

The
television and radio broadcasting and distribution industries in the U.S. are highly regulated by U.S. federal laws and regulations issued and administered by various federal agencies, including
the FCC. The television and radio broadcasting industry is subject to extensive regulation by the FCC under the Communications Act. For example, the Company is required to obtain licenses from the FCC
to operate its radio and television stations. The Company cannot assure you that the FCC will approve its future renewal applications or that the renewals will be for full terms or will not include
conditions or qualifications. The non-renewal, or renewal with substantial conditions or modifications, of one or more of the Company's licenses could have a material adverse effect on the
Company's revenues. The Company must also comply with extensive FCC regulations and policies in the ownership and operation of its television and radio stations and its television networks. FCC
regulations prohibit the ownership of more than one of the top four networks, ABC, CBS, FOX and NBC, and limit the number of television and radio stations that a licensee can own in a market and the
number of television stations that can be owned nationwide, which could restrict the Company's ability to consummate future transactions and in certain circumstances could require it to divest some
television or radio stations. As part of the nationwide transition from analog to digital broadcasting, the Company's full power television stations are required to transmit a digital signal 100% of
the time they are transmitting an analog signal. This requirement increases the Company's operating costs. At the end of the analog-to-digital period, which is scheduled to
occur in February 2009, these television stations will be required to cease analog transmissions. The Company is unable to predict the extent to which consumers will acquire digital television
receivers or digital conversion devices for analog television receivers and the effect of the cessation of analog broadcasting on viewership. In addition, the Company is unable to predict the extent
or timing of consumer demand for digital television services and the resulting impact on the Company's viewership. The U.S. Congress and the FCC currently have under consideration, and may in the
future adopt, new laws, regulations, and policies regarding a wide variety of matters that could, directly or indirectly, affect the operation and ownership of the Company's radio and television