An investment in our securities may involve risks due to the nature of the businesses we
engage in and activities related to those businesses. In evaluating an investment in our
securities, the risk factors set forth in this section should be carefully considered, along with
other matters discussed in this report and in other reports and filings we have made with the SEC.

We have entered into a definitive agreement providing for the acquisition of the Company, which is
subject to a number of conditions.

     On February 15, 2007 our board of directors approved a transaction pursuant to which the
Company will be acquired by Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S. A. (“BBVA”), a financial
institution organized under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain. As a result of the transaction, the
Company will become a subsidiary of BBVA. This transaction has been described in our Forms 8-K
filed with the SEC on February 16 and February 22, 2007, and we expect it to close in the second
half of 2007. However, the completion of the transaction is subject to a number of conditions,
including approval of the stockholders of the Company and BBVA and appropriate regulatory approvals
in the United States and Spain. There can be no assurance that the transaction will be completed on
the anticipated terms and schedule, or that, if completed, the expected cost savings and any other
synergies from the transaction will be fully realized within the anticipated timeframe. In
addition, our business could be negatively impacted by any disruptions relating to the transaction,
which could make it more difficult to maintain our relationships with customers, employees or
suppliers.

The extent to which market interest rates change, the direction in which they move and the
composition of our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities could affect net
interest income.

     For example, if interest rates rise, we may pay interest on our customers’ interest-bearing
deposits and our other liabilities at higher rates than the interest rates paid to us by our
customers on outstanding loans that were made when interest rates were at a lower level. This
situation would result in a negative interest rate spread with respect to those loans and cause an
adverse effect on our earnings. In addition, the impact of unanticipated changes in interest rates
on the derivative instruments we use to manage interest rate volatility could negatively affect our
earnings.

The trade, monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government and its agencies may affect the
economic environment in which we operate and, therefore, impact our financial condition and results
of operations.

     The monetary policies of federal regulatory authorities, particularly the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System (“FRB”), affect our ability to attract deposits and extend loans.
The FRB regulates the supply of money and credit in the United States. Its policies determine in
large part the cost of funds for lending and investing and the return earned on those loans and
investments, both of which affect the net interest margin, and can materially decrease the value of
financial instruments we hold. These policies can also adversely affect borrowers, increasing the
risk that they may fail to repay their loans. We cannot predict either the nature or timing of any
changes in these monetary policies, including the FRB’s interest rate policies, or their impact on
our financial performance.

As a financial services company, our financial condition and results of operations are
significantly affected by general business and economic conditions.

     Our business and earnings are impacted by adverse changes in general economic conditions, and
in the condition of the local economies or industries in which we have significant operations or
assets. Periods of economic slowdown could, among other things, materially negatively affect credit
quality trends, demand for credit and our ability to generate deposits.

The
credit quality of our portfolio can have a significant impact on our
earnings.

     Credit risk is the risk of loss due to adverse changes in a borrower’s ability to meet its
financial obligations under agreed upon terms. The ability of borrowers to repay outstanding loans
or the value of the collateral securing those loans may be adversely affected by increases in
interest rates or weakening economic conditions. Additionally, our allowance for loan losses may be
insufficient if the estimates and judgments we used to establish that allowance prove to be
inaccurate.

-7-

Table of Contents

Our
revenue may be negatively impacted by competition and changes in the markets we serve.

     The financial services industry is highly competitive, and we operate in dynamic markets that
continue to change as a result of mergers, acquisitions and consolidations among major clients and
competitors. We face aggressive competition from other domestic and foreign lending institutions
and from other providers of financial services in our markets, some of which have greater resources
than we do or offer services that we do not provide. The prices we charge for our products and
services and their resulting profitability could change depending upon market demand, actions taken
by our competitors and the introduction of new products and services.

Our
results of operations could be affected by the success of our strategic initiatives.

     Our results of operations could be affected by the success of our initiatives to grow revenues
and manage expenses or by changes, including those resulting from acquisitions and divestitures, in
the composition of our business and in the geographic locations in which we operate. For example,
one element of our growth strategy has been the acquisition of additional banks, bank holding
companies and other businesses in order to achieve greater economies of scale or to further develop
our presence in certain geographic areas or lines of business. We cannot assure you that
appropriate growth opportunities will continue to exist, that we will be able to make acquisitions
that satisfy our criteria or that any such acquisition will be on terms favorable to us. In
addition, as part of our business strategy, we may in the future diversify our lines of business,
requiring us to effectively manage the development of new business lines in which we had not
previously participated. Each new acquisition or business line may require the investment of
additional capital, the expansion our operational infrastructure and the significant involvement of
our senior management, and could require regulatory approval. We can offer no assurances that we
will be able to develop and integrate the new businesses without adversely affecting our financial
performance, or that we will be able to realize the expected economic benefits of these additions.

Our financial performance depends in part on our ability to efficiently utilize technology to
develop, market and deliver new and innovative products and
services.

     Because technology and other changes are allowing parties to complete financial transactions
that historically have involved banks, consumers can now pay bills and transfer funds directly
without using a bank. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries could result in the loss
of fee income, as well as the loss of customer deposits and income generated from those deposits.
If we are unable to efficiently adapt to evolving industry standards and to utilize technology to
develop, market and deliver new and innovative products and services, our business and results of
operations could be adversely affected.

We may
experience operational or risk management failures due to technological or other factors.

     We are exposed to many types of operational risk, including legal and compliance risk, the
risk of fraud or theft by employees or outsiders, unauthorized transactions by employees or
operational errors, including clerical or record-keeping errors or those resulting from faulty or
disabled computer or telecommunications systems. Our necessary dependence upon automated systems
to record and process our transaction volume may further increase the risk that technical system
flaws or employee tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses that are
difficult to detect. We may also be subject to disruptions of our operating systems arising from
events that are wholly or partially beyond our control (for example, computer viruses or electrical
or telecommunications outages), which may give rise to disruption of service to customers and to
financial loss or liability. We are further exposed to the risk that our external vendors may be
unable to fulfill their contractual obligations (or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or
operational errors by their respective employees as we are) and to the risk that our (or our
vendors’) business continuity and data security systems prove to be inadequate.

Regulation by federal and state agencies could adversely affect our business and results of
operations.

     The Company and its subsidiaries are subject to voluminous and complex rules, regulations, and
guidelines imposed by a number of government authorities. These regulations limit the manner in
which we operate, including the amount of loans we can originate, interest we can charge on loans,
fees we can charge for certain services, and dividends we may pay. Such regulation is designed to
protect depositors and the federal deposit insurance fund, not holders of our securities.
Monitoring compliance with applicable regulatory requirements is a significant task and failure to
comply may result in penalties that could have an adverse effect on
our results of operations and may harm our reputation. In
addition, we may continue to become subject to heightened regulatory practices, requirements or
expectations. We cannot predict whether, or the extent to which, federal or state governments and
governmental organizations may change

-8-

Table of Contents

any of these laws, regulations or policies, or how any of these changes would adversely affect
our business and prospects.

We may become subject to new legal obligations, or the resolution of pending litigation may have an
adverse effect on our financial results.

     We may be involved from time to time in a variety of litigation arising out of our business.
Our insurance may not cover all claims that may be asserted against us, and any claims asserted
against us, regardless of merit or eventual outcome, may harm our reputation. Should the ultimate
judgments or settlements in any litigation exceed our insurance coverage, they could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations, and negatively affect
our ability to obtain appropriate types or levels of insurance in the future. In addition, the
outcome of any such litigation may impose additional operational, legal or other obligations on us
that could substantially increase our costs of doing business.

The Company and its Subsidiary Banks must meet specific capital requirements imposed by federal
banking regulators.

     Sanctions for failure to meet applicable capital requirements may include regulatory
enforcement actions that restrict dividend payments, require the adoption of remedial measures to
increase capital, terminate Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) deposit insurance, and
mandate the appointment of a conservator or receiver in severe cases, any of which may negatively
affect our financial performance.

Changing conditions in the capital markets may have a significant negative effect on our business
and results of operations.

     Changes in the stock markets, public debt markets and other capital markets could affect our
stock price, our ability to raise necessary capital or other funding, or our ability to securitize
and sell loans. In addition, our capital markets activities, such as brokerage activities, wealth
management business, and corporate and correspondent banking activities, could be adversely
affected by changes in the capital markets. Our access to the capital markets and liquidity could
be adversely affected by direct circumstances, such as a credit downgrade, or indirect
circumstances that would have market-wide consequences, such as terrorism or war, natural
disasters, political events, or the default or bankruptcy of a major corporation, mutual fund or
hedge fund. Similarly, market speculation about the Company or the banking industry in general may
adversely affect the cost and availability of normal funding sources.

Our business could suffer upon the occurrence of events such as natural disasters, terrorist
activities or military actions.

     Although we have disaster recovery plans in place, events such as natural disasters, terrorist
activities or military actions could damage our facilities or otherwise disrupt our operations.
Also, large scale disasters may significantly affect loan portfolios
by damaging properties pledged
as collateral and by impairing the ability of certain borrowers to repay their loans. In addition,
if terrorist activity, acts of war or other international hostilities cause an overall economic
decline in the United States, our financial condition and operating results could be materially
adversely affected.

Changes
in accounting rules or tax laws could have a significant adverse effect on our results.

     Although changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles may not have an economic
impact on our business, they could negatively impact our reported financial results and affect our
ability to attain targeted levels for certain performance measures. In addition, changes in
domestic tax laws, rules and regulations, including the interpretation thereof by the Internal
Revenue Service or other governmental bodies, could adversely affect our financial condition or
results of operations.