The Company is susceptible to any number of risk factors at any
given point that may affect the market price of the
Company’s common stock. These risks stem from any number of
areas, including: economic environment, litigation environment
and regulatory environment. Some of the specific risk factors
include:

• 

 Changes in securities analysts’ expectations of financial
 performance

• 

 General volatility of stock market prices and volumes

• 

 Incorrect information or speculation

• 

 Changes in industry valuations

• 

 Interest rate changes

• 

 Variations in operating results from general expectations

• 

 Actions taken against the Company by various regulatory agencies

• 

 Changes in authoritative accounting guidance by Financial
 Accounting Standards Board or other regulatory agencies

The Company attempts to adapt to the shifting landscape to
mitigate many of the environmental risks. However, if the
Company was not able to fully adjust to changes in the risk
environment, the Company’s financial performance could be
impaired.

The Company’s ability to maintain its historic performance
will depend on the ability of the Company to expand the scope of
its existing financial services to customers. The Company
competes, and will continue to compete, with well established
banks, credit unions, insurance companies and other financial
institutions, some of which have greater resources and lending
limits than the Company. Some of these competitors may also
provide certain services that the Company does not provide.

As part of the Company’s business strategy, it may in the
future further diversify its lines of business into areas that
are not traditionally associated with the banking business. As a
result, the Company would need to manage the development of new
business lines in which it had not previously participated. Each
new business line would require the investment of additional
capital and significant involvement of senior management to
develop and integrate the service subsidiaries with the
Company’s traditional banking operations. The

-8-

Table of Contents

Company can offer no assurances that it will be able to develop
and integrate the new services without adversely affecting the
Company’s financial performance.

 Future Government Regulation Could Hinder Future
 Performance

The Parent Company is a registered bank holding company under
the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956. Accordingly, both the
Parent Company and the Subsidiary Banks are subject to extensive
governmental regulation, legislation and control. These laws
limit the manner in which the Parent Company operates.
Management cannot predict whether, or the extent to which, the
government and governmental organizations may change any of
these laws or controls. Management also cannot predict how any
of these changes would adversely affect the Company’s
business.

Federal and state law limits the Company’s ability to
declare and pay dividends. In addition, the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System may impose restrictions on the
Company’s ability to declare and pay dividends on its
common stock.

The monetary policies of the federal regulatory authorities,
particularly the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System, and economic conditions in the Company’s service
areas affect the Company’s ability to attract deposits and
extend loans. The Company cannot predict either the nature or
timing of any changes in these monetary policies and economic
conditions, including the Federal Reserve Board’s interest
rate policies, or their impact on the Company’s financial
performance. The banking business is subject to various material
business risks, which may become more acute in periods of
economic slowdown or recession. During such periods,
foreclosures generally increase and such conditions could also
lead to a potential decline in and demand for loans.

 Additional Risk Factors May Have an Impact on the
 Company’s Financial Performance

Additional risk factors could have a negative impact on the
performance of the Company and the Company’s common stock.
Many of these factors are general economic and financial market
conditions, competition, consolidation of the financial services
industry, litigation, regulatory actions, and operating
conditions.