Set forth below are some of the risks and uncertainties that, if they were to occur, could materially and adversely affect our business, or that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated
by the forward-looking statements contained in this report and the other public statements we make. 

Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 

•

 Projections of revenues, income, earnings per share, capital expenditures, dividends, capital structure, or other financial measures; 

•

 Descriptions of anticipated plans or objectives of our management for operations, products, or services; 

•

 Forecasts of performance; and 

•

 Assumptions regarding any of the foregoing. 

Forward-looking statements involve matters which are not historical facts. Because these statements involve anticipated events or conditions, forward-looking
statements often include words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “project,” “target,” “can,” “could,”
“may,” “should,” “will,” “would” or similar expressions. Do not unduly rely on forward-looking statements. They represent our expectations about the future and are not guarantees. Forward-looking statements
are only as of the date they are made and they might not be updated to reflect changes as they occur after the forward-looking statements are made. 

For example, forward-looking statements include our expectations regarding: 

•

 earnings per diluted common share; 

•

 operating income growth; 

•

 volume growth; 

•

 net price per case growth; 

•

 cost of goods per case growth; 

•

 concentrate cost increases from The Coca-Cola Company; 

•

 capital expenditures; and 

•

 developments in accounting standards. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

We may not be able to successfully respond to changes in the marketplace. 

We operate in the highly competitive beverage industry and face strong competition from other general and specialty beverage companies. Our response to continued
and increased customer and competitor consolidations and marketplace competition may result in lower than expected net pricing of our products. Our ability to gain or maintain share of sales or gross margins may be limited by the actions of our
competitors, who may have advantages in setting their prices because of lower cost of raw materials. Competitive pressures in the markets in which we operate may cause channel and product mix to shift away from more profitable channels and packages.
If we are unable to maintain or increase our volume in higher-margin products and in packages sold through higher-margin channels (e.g. immediate consumption), our pricing and gross margins could be adversely affected. Our efforts to improve pricing
may result in lower than expected volume. 

21 

Table of Contents

Concerns about health and wellness could reduce the demand for some of our products. 

Health and wellness trends throughout the marketplace have resulted in a decreased
demand for regular soft drinks and an increased desire for more diet and low-calorie products, water, isotonics, energy drinks, coffee-flavored beverages, and teas. Our failure to offset the decline in sales of our regular soft drinks and to provide
the types of products that some of our customers may prefer could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

Our business success may be dependent upon our relationship with The Coca-Cola Company. 

Under the express terms of our license agreements with The Coca-Cola Company: 

•

 There are no limits on the prices The Coca-Cola Company may charge us for concentrate. 

•

 Much of the marketing and promotional support is at the discretion of The Coca-Cola Company. Programs currently in effect or under discussion contain requirements, or are
subject to conditions, established by The Coca-Cola Company that we may be unable to achieve or satisfy, as the case may be. The terms of the product licenses from The Coca-Cola Company contain no express obligation on its part to participate in
future programs or continue past levels of payments into the future. 

•

 Apart from our perpetual rights in the United States to brands carrying the trademarks “Coke” or “Coca-Cola,” our other license agreements state that they
are for fixed terms, and most of them are renewable only at the discretion of The Coca-Cola Company at the conclusion of their current terms. 

•

 We must obtain approval from The Coca-Cola Company to acquire any independent bottler of Coca-Cola or to dispose of one of our Coca-Cola bottling territories.

We have infrastructure programs in place with The
Coca-Cola Company. Should we not be able to satisfy the requirements of those programs, and we are unable to agree on an alternative solution, The Coca-Cola Company may be able to seek a partial refund of amounts previously paid. 

Disagreements with The Coca-Cola Company concerning other business issues may lead The
Coca-Cola Company to act adversely to our interests with respect to the relationships described above. 

Our business in Europe is vulnerable to product being imported from outside our territories, which adversely affects our sales. 

The rules of the European Economic Area allow bottlers from other member states to fill unsolicited orders within any other member
state. As a result, our bottlers in higher-cost countries, particularly Great Britain, lose sales within their territories to other bottlers of Coca-Cola located within another member state. 

Increases in costs or limitation of supplies of raw materials could hurt our financial results.

If there are increases in the costs of raw materials,
ingredients, or packaging materials, such as fuel, aluminum, high fructose corn syrup, and PET (plastic) or other cost items and we are unable to pass the increased costs on to our customers in the form of higher prices, our financial results could
be adversely affected. We primarily use supplier pricing agreements and derivative financial instruments to manage the volatility and market risk with respect to certain commodities. Generally, these hedging instruments establish the purchase price
for these commodities in advance of the time of delivery. As such, it is possible that these hedging instruments may lock us into prices that are ultimately higher than the actual market price at the time of delivery. 

In North America, we had a supplier pricing agreement for a majority of our aluminum
purchases that capped the price we paid for aluminum at 85 cents per pound. This pricing agreement and related 

22 

Table of Contents

price cap expired on December 31, 2006. We have implemented certain hedging strategies, including entering into fixed pricing agreements, in order to mitigate
some of our exposure to price fluctuations in 2007. The agreements entered into to date, though, are at rates higher than our expired price cap. In Europe, we did not have fixed pricing agreements with respect to our aluminum purchases during 2006
and, therefore, our aluminum purchases were at market prices. In addition, some of our cans in Europe are made from steel, rather than aluminum. Considering that our 2006 aluminum purchases in Europe were at market prices, and the available
alternative to aluminum cans, and based upon the current price of aluminum, we do not foresee a significant increase in our cost of sales in Europe during 2007 as a result of the cost of aluminum. 

If suppliers of raw materials, ingredients, packaging materials, or other cost items,
such as fuel, are affected by strikes, weather conditions, governmental controls, national emergencies, natural disasters, or other events, and we are unable to obtain the materials from an alternate source, our cost of sales, revenues, and ability
to manufacture and distribute product could be adversely affected. 

Miscalculation
of our need for infrastructure investment could impact our financial results. 

Projected requirements of our infrastructure investments may differ from actual levels if our volume growth is not as we anticipate. Our infrastructure investments are generally long-term in nature and, therefore, it is
possible that investments made today may not generate our expected return due to future changes in the marketplace. Significant changes from our expected returns on cold drink equipment, fleet, technology, and supply chain infrastructure investments
could adversely affect our financial results. 

Unexpected changes in
interest or currency exchange rates, or our debt rating could harm our financial position. 

Changes from our expectations for interest and currency exchange rates can have a material impact on our financial results. We may not be able to completely
mitigate the effect of significant interest rate or currency exchange rate changes. Changes in our debt rating could have a material adverse effect on our interest costs and financing sources. Our debt rating can be materially influenced by capital
management activities of The Coca-Cola Company and/or changes in the debt rating of The Coca-Cola Company. 

Unexpected resolutions of legal contingencies could impact our financial results. 

Changes from expectations for the resolution of outstanding legal claims and assessments could have a material impact on our financial results. Our failure to abide
by laws, orders, or other legal commitments could subject us to fines, penalties, or other damages. 

Legislative changes that affect our distribution and packaging could reduce demand for our products or increase our costs. 

Our business model is dependent on the availability of our various products and packages in multiple channels and locations to better satisfy the needs of our
customers. Laws that restrict our ability to distribute products in schools and other venues, as well as laws that require deposit liabilities for certain types of packages or those that limit our ability to design new packages, could negatively
impact financial results. 

Additional taxes could harm our financial results.

Our tax filings are subjected to audit by tax authorities in
most jurisdictions where we conduct business. These audits may result in assessments of additional taxes that are subsequently resolved with the authorities or through the courts. Currently, there are assessments involving certain of our
subsidiaries, including one of our Canadian subsidiaries, which may not be resolved for many years. An assessment of additional taxes resulting from these audits could have a material impact on our financial results. 

23 

Table of Contents

Adverse weather conditions could limit the demand for our products. 

Our sales are influenced to some extent by weather conditions in the markets in which
we operate. In particular, cold weather in Europe during the summer months may have a temporary negative impact on the demand for our products and contribute to lower sales, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. 

Global or regional catastrophic events could impact our business and financial results.

Our business can be affected by large-scale terrorist acts,
especially those directed against the United States or other major industrialized countries; the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities; major natural disasters; or widespread outbreaks of infectious disease such as avian influenza. Such events
in the geographic regions in which we do business could have a material impact on our sales volume, cost of raw materials, earnings, and financial condition. 

Disagreements among bottlers could prevent us from achieving our business goals. 

Disagreements among members of the Coca-Cola system could complicate negotiations and planning with customers and other business
partners and adversely affect our ability to fully implement our business plans and achieve expected levels of revenue from the execution of those plans. 

If we are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or we experience strikes or work stoppages, our business and financial results could be
negatively impacted. 

Approximately 39 percent of our employees
are covered by collective bargaining agreements or local agreements. These bargaining agreements expire at various dates over the next seven years, including 33 agreements in North America in 2007. The inability to renegotiate subsequent agreements
on satisfactory terms could result in work interruptions or stoppages, which could adversely affect our financial results. The terms and conditions of existing or renegotiated agreements could also increase the cost to us, or otherwise affect our
ability, to fully implement operational changes to enhance our efficiency. 

Inaccurate estimates or assumptions used to prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements could lead to unexpected financial results. 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes include estimates and assumptions made by management that affect reported amounts. Actual results could
differ materially from those estimates. 

During 2006, we recorded a $2.9
billion non-cash impairment charge to reduce the carrying amount of our North American franchise license intangible assets to their estimated fair value based upon the results of our annual impairment test of these assets. The fair values calculated
in our annual impairment tests were determined using discounted cash flow models involving several assumptions. These assumptions include, but are not limited to, anticipated growth rates by geographic region, our long-term anticipated growth rate,
the discount rate, and estimates of capital charges. If, in the future, the estimated fair value of our North American franchise rights were to decline further due to changes in our assumptions or a decline in our operating results, it would be
necessary to record an additional non-cash impairment charge. Furthermore, future structural changes or divestitures could result in an additional non-cash impairment charge. For additional information about our franchise license intangible assets
and the related non-cash impairment charge, refer to Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

24 

Table of Contents

Product liability claims brought against us or product recalls could negatively affect our business, financial results, and
brand image. 

We may be liable if the consumption of our
products causes injury or illness. We may also be required to recall products if they become contaminated or are damaged or mislabeled. A significant product liability or other product-related legal judgment against us or a widespread recall of our
products could negatively impact our business, financial results, and brand image. 

Technology failures could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business. 

We increasingly rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information. For example, our production and distribution
facilities, inventory management, and driver handheld devices all utilize information technology to maximize efficiencies and minimize costs. Furthermore, a significant portion of the communications between our personnel, customers, and suppliers
depends on information technology. Like all companies, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events beyond our control, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, terrorist attacks,
telecommunications failures, computer viruses, hackers, and other security issues. We have technology security initiatives and disaster recovery plans in place to mitigate our risk to these vulnerabilities, but these measures may not be adequate or
implemented properly to ensure that our operations are not disrupted. 

We may not
fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies from our restructuring and transition programs. 

We have implemented, and plan to continue to implement, restructuring and transition programs to support the implementation of key strategic initiatives designed to
achieve long-term sustainable growth. These programs are intended to maximize our operating effectiveness and efficiency and to reduce our cost. We cannot be assured that we will achieve the targeted benefits under these programs or that the
benefits, even if achieved, will be adequate to achieve long-term sustainable growth. In addition, the implementation of key elements of these programs, such as employee job reductions, may have an adverse impact on our business, particularly in the
near-term.