Set forth below are some of the risks and uncertainties that, if they were to occur, could materially and adversely affect our business or that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated
by the forward-looking statements contained in this report and the other public statements we make. 

Forward-looking statements involve matters that are not historical facts. Because these statements involve anticipated events or conditions, forward-looking
statements often include words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “can,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,”
“should,” “target,” “will,” “would,” or similar expressions. 

Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 

•

 Projections of revenues, income, net income per share, capital expenditures, dividends, capital structure, or other financial measures; 

•

 Descriptions of anticipated plans or objectives of our management for operations, products, or services; 

•

 Forecasts of performance; and 

•

 Assumptions regarding any of the foregoing. 

For example, our forward-looking statements include our expectations regarding: 

•

 Net income per diluted common share; 

•

 Operating income growth; 

•

 Volume growth; 

•

 Net price per case growth; 

•

 Cost of goods per case growth; 

•

 Concentrate cost increases from TCCC; 

•

 Return on invested capital (“ROIC”); 

•

 Capital expenditures; and 

•

 Developments in accounting standards. 

Do not unduly rely on forward-looking statements. They represent our expectations about the future and are not guarantees. Forward-looking statements are only as of
the date they are made, and, except as required by law, they might not be updated to reflect changes as they occur after the forward-looking statements are made. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

We may not be able to respond successfully to changes in the marketplace. 

We operate in the highly competitive beverage industry and face strong competition from other general and specialty beverage companies. Our response to continued
and increased customer and 

18 

Table of Contents

competitor consolidations and marketplace competition may result in lower than expected net pricing of our products. Our ability to gain or maintain share of sales or
gross margins may be limited by the actions of our competitors, who may have advantages in setting their prices because of lower cost of raw materials. Competitive pressures in the markets in which we operate may cause channel and product mix to
shift away from more profitable channels and packages. If we are unable to maintain or increase our volume in higher-margin products and in packages sold through higher-margin channels (e.g. immediate consumption), our pricing and gross margins
could be adversely affected. Our efforts to improve pricing may result in lower than expected volume. 

Concerns about health and wellness could further reduce the demand for some of our products. 

Health and wellness trends throughout the marketplace have resulted in a decreased demand for regular soft drinks and an increased desire for more low-calorie soft
drinks, water, isotonics, energy drinks, coffee-flavored beverages, teas, and beverages with natural sweeteners. Our failure to offset the decline in sales of our regular soft drinks and to provide the types of products that some of our customers
may prefer could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

Our sales
can be impacted by the health and stability of the general economy. 

Unfavorable changes in general economic conditions, such as a recession or economic slowdown in the U.S. or other territories in which we do business, may have the temporary effect of reducing the demand for certain of our products. For
example, economic forces may cause consumers to shift away from purchasing higher-margin products and packages sold through immediate consumption and other more highly profitable channels, which could adversely affect our price realization and gross
margins. 

Our business success may be dependent upon our relationship with TCCC.

Under the express terms of our license agreements with TCCC:

•

 There are no limits on the prices TCCC may charge us for concentrate. 

•

 Much of the marketing and promotional support is at the discretion of TCCC. Programs currently in effect or under discussion contain requirements, or are subject to
conditions, established by TCCC that we may be unable to achieve or satisfy. The terms of the product licenses from TCCC contain no express obligation on its part to participate in future programs or continue past levels of payments into the future.

•

 Apart from our perpetual rights in the U.S. to brands carrying the trademarks “Coke” or “Coca-Cola,” our other license agreements state that they are for
fixed terms, and most of them are renewable only at the discretion of TCCC at the conclusion of their current terms. 

•

 We must obtain approval from TCCC to acquire any independent bottler of Coca-Cola or to dispose of one of our Coca-Cola bottling territories. 

In August 2007, we entered into a 36-month agreement with TCCC to distribute only
mutually agreed upon new products relating to our U.S. territory. As a result, during that period, we are more dependent on product innovation from TCCC and do not have as much latitude to introduce new products from other licensors into our
portfolio. 

We have infrastructure programs in place with TCCC. Should we
not be able to satisfy the requirements of those programs, and we are unable to agree on an alternative solution, TCCC may be able to seek a partial refund of amounts previously paid. 

19 

Table of Contents

Disagreements with TCCC concerning other business issues may lead TCCC to act adversely to our interests with
respect to the relationships described above. In addition, a decision by TCCC not to renew a current fixed-term license agreement at the end of its term could substantially and adversely affect our financial results. 

Our business in Europe is vulnerable to product being imported from outside our territories,
which adversely affects our sales. 

Certain of our European
territories, Great Britain in particular, are susceptible to the import of non-CCE manufactured products of TCCC by bottlers from countries outside our European territories where prices and costs are lower. During 2007, we estimate that imported
product negatively impacted the gross profit of our European Bottlers by approximately $60 million to $80 million. This impact is consistent with amounts experienced in recent years. 

Increases in costs or limitation of supplies of raw materials could hurt our financial results. 

If there are increases in the costs of raw materials, ingredients, or packaging
materials, such as aluminum, high fructose corn syrup, and PET (plastic), fuel, or other cost items, and we are unable to pass the increased costs on to our customers in the form of higher prices, our financial results could be adversely affected.
We primarily use supplier pricing agreements and derivative financial instruments to manage the volatility and market risk with respect to certain commodities. Generally, these hedging instruments establish the purchase price for these commodities
in advance of the time of delivery. As such, it is possible that these hedging instruments may lock us into prices that are ultimately greater than the actual market price at the time of delivery. 

If suppliers of raw materials, ingredients, packaging materials, or other cost items,
such as fuel or water, are affected by strikes, weather conditions, abnormally high demand, governmental controls, national emergencies, natural disasters, or other events, and we are unable to obtain the materials from an alternate source, our cost
of sales, revenues, and ability to manufacture and distribute product could be adversely affected. For example, beginning in the latter half of 2007, certain areas in the Southeast U.S. faced record-breaking drought conditions. As a result, numerous
U.S. state and local governments have implemented restrictions on the use of water. To date, the restrictions imposed on the use of water have not caused a significant disruption at our affected production facilities. However, should the drought
conditions continue for a prolonged period of time, or should similar conditions occur in other areas in which we do business, it is possible that our ability to manufacture and distribute product and/or our cost to do so could be adversely
affected. 

In recent years, there has been consolidation among suppliers
of certain of our raw materials. The reduction in the number of competitive sources of supply could have an adverse effect upon our ability to negotiate the lowest costs and, in light of our relatively small in-plant raw material inventory levels,
has the potential for causing interruptions in our supply of raw materials. 

With the introduction of FUZE, Campbell, and glacéau products into our portfolio during 2007, we are becoming increasingly reliant on purchased finished goods from external sources versus our internal production. As a result, we are
subject to incremental risk including, but not limited to, product availability, price variability, product quality, and production capacity shortfalls for externally purchased finished goods. 

Miscalculation of our need for infrastructure investment could impact our financial results.

Projected requirements of our infrastructure investments may
differ from actual levels if our volume growth is not as we anticipate. Our infrastructure investments are generally long-term in nature and, therefore, it is possible that investments made today may not generate our expected return due to 

20 

Table of Contents

future changes in the marketplace. Significant changes from our expected returns on cold drink equipment, fleet, technology, and supply chain infrastructure
investments could adversely affect our financial results. 

Unexpected changes in
interest or non-U.S. currency exchange rates, or our debt rating could harm our financial position. 

Changes from our expectations for interest and non-U.S. currency exchange rates can have a material impact on our financial results. For example, during 2007,
non-U.S. currency exchange rate changes added approximately 5 percent to our diluted net income per share as compared to 2006. We may not be able to completely mitigate the effect of significant interest rate or non-U.S. currency exchange rate
changes. Changes in our debt rating could have a material adverse effect on our interest costs and financing sources. Our debt rating can be materially influenced by acquisitions, investment decisions, and capital management activities of TCCC
and/or changes in the debt rating of TCCC. As of December 31, 2007, approximately 15 percent of our debt portfolio was comprised of floating-rate debt. 

Unexpected resolutions of legal contingencies could impact our financial results. 

Changes from expectations for the resolution of outstanding legal claims and assessments could have a material impact on our financial
results. For example, our 2007 financial results included the reversal of a $13 million liability related to the dismissal of a legal case in Texas, while our 2006 financial results were negatively impacted by $14 million in legal settlements. Our
failure to abide by laws, orders, or other legal commitments could subject us to fines, penalties, or other damages. 

Legislative changes that affect our distribution and packaging could reduce demand for our products or increase our costs. 

Our business model is dependent on the availability of our various products and
packages in multiple channels and locations versus those of our competitors to better satisfy the needs of our customers and consumers. Laws that restrict our ability to distribute products in schools and other venues, as well as laws that require
deposits for certain types of packages or those that limit our ability to design new packages or market certain packages, could negatively impact financial results. 

Additional taxes could harm our financial results. 

Our tax filings are subjected to audit by tax authorities in most jurisdictions in which we do business. These audits may result in
assessments of additional taxes that are subsequently resolved with the authorities or through the courts. Currently, there are assessments involving certain of our subsidiaries, including one of our Canadian subsidiaries, which may not be resolved
for many years. An assessment of additional taxes resulting from these audits could have a material impact on our financial results. 

Adverse weather conditions could limit the demand for our products. 

Beyond the possibility of drought referenced previously, our sales are influenced to some extent by other weather conditions in the markets in which we operate. In
particular, cold or wet weather in Europe during the summer months may have a temporary negative impact on the demand for our products and contribute to lower sales, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. 

Global or regional catastrophic events could impact our business and financial results. 

Our business can be affected by large-scale terrorist acts, especially
those directed against the U.S. or other major industrialized countries; the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities; major 

21 

Table of Contents

natural disasters; or widespread outbreaks of infectious disease such as avian influenza. Such events in the geographic regions in which we do business could have a
material impact on our sales volume, cost of raw materials, earnings, and financial condition. 

Disagreements among bottlers could prevent us from achieving our business goals. 

Disagreements among members of the Coca-Cola system could complicate negotiations and planning with customers, suppliers, and other business partners and adversely
affect our ability to fully implement our business plans and achieve the expected results from the execution of those plans. 

If we are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms or we experience strikes or work stoppages, our business and financial results could be
negatively impacted. 

Approximately 40 percent of our employees
are covered by collective bargaining agreements or local agreements. Our bargaining agreements in North America expire at various dates over the next five years, including 29 agreements in 2008. The inability to renegotiate subsequent agreements on
satisfactory terms could result in work interruptions or stoppages, which could adversely affect our financial results. The terms and conditions of existing or renegotiated agreements could also increase the cost to us, or otherwise affect our
ability, to fully implement operational changes to enhance our efficiency. 

Inaccurate estimates or assumptions used to prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements could lead to unexpected financial results. 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements and accompanying Notes include estimates and assumptions made by management that affect reported amounts. Actual results could
differ materially from those estimates and, if so, that difference could adversely affect our financial results. 

We perform annual impairment tests of our goodwill and franchise license intangible assets. During 2006, we recorded a $2.9 billion noncash impairment charge to
reduce the carrying amount of our North American franchise license intangible assets to their estimated fair value based upon the results of our annual impairment test of these assets. The fair values calculated in our annual impairment tests are
determined using discounted cash flow models involving several assumptions. These assumptions include, but are not limited to, anticipated growth rates by geographic region, our long-term anticipated growth rate, the discount rate, and estimates of
capital charges. The results of our 2007 annual impairment test of our North American franchise license intangible assets indicated that the fair value of these assets exceed their carrying amount by approximately 15 percent. If, in the future, the
estimated fair value of these rights were to decline greater than this amount, we would need to record an additional noncash impairment charge for these assets. For additional information about our franchise license intangible assets, refer to Note
1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

If we, TCCC, or other
licensors and bottlers of products we distribute are unable to maintain a positive brand image or if product liability claims or product recalls are brought against us, TCCC, or other licensors and bottlers of products we distribute, our business,
financial results, and brand image may be negatively affected. 

Our success is dependent on our products having a positive brand image with our customers and consumers. Product quality issues, real or imagined, or allegations of product contamination, even when false or unfounded, could tarnish the
image of the affected brands and may cause customers 

22 

Table of Contents

and consumers to choose other products. We may be liable if the consumption of our products causes injury or illness. We may also be required to recall products if
they become contaminated or are damaged or mislabeled. We have specific product recall insurance, but a significant product liability or other product-related legal judgment against us or a widespread recall of our products could negatively impact
our business, financial results, and brand image. 

Additionally, adverse
publicity surrounding obesity concerns, water usage, labor relations and the like could negatively affect our overall reputation and our products’ acceptance by consumers, even when the publicity results from actions occurring outside our
territory or control. For example, on certain college and university campuses, our sales of bottled and canned Coca-Cola products have in some instances been boycotted or discontinued because of a controversy alleging crimes against union leaders
and workers at a Coca-Cola bottler in Colombia. TCCC has denied any involvement in the claimed incidents, but the allegations have been taken up by outside groups who have called for the boycott or removal of Coca-Cola products sold on college and
university campuses. This has occurred at several large campuses within our territories in the U.S., Canada, and Great Britain. We have no responsibility for the Colombian bottling operations, which have never been part of our territories. If the
Colombian allegations remain unresolved, or if other similar controversies arise, the boycott or removal of our products from other college and university campuses could occur. Similarly, if product quality related issues arise from product not
manufactured by CCE, but imported into our European territories, our reputation and consumer goodwill could be damaged. 

Technology failures could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our business. 

We increasingly rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, store, and protect electronic information. For example, our production
and distribution facilities, inventory management, and driver handheld devices all utilize information technology to maximize efficiencies and minimize costs. Furthermore, a significant portion of the communications between our personnel, customers,
and suppliers depends on information technology. Like all companies, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events beyond our control including, but not limited to, natural disasters, terrorist
attacks, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, hackers, and other security issues. We have technology and information security processes and disaster recovery plans in place to mitigate our risk to these vulnerabilities, but these measures
may not be adequate or implemented properly to ensure that our operations are not disrupted. In addition, a miscalculation of the level of investment needed to ensure our technology solutions are current and up-to-date as technology advances and
evolves could result in disruptions in our business should the software, hardware, or maintenance of such items become out-of-date or obsolete. 

We may not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies from our restructuring programs. 

We have implemented, and plan to continue to implement, restructuring programs to
support the implementation of key strategic initiatives designed to achieve long-term sustainable growth. These programs are intended to maximize our operating effectiveness and efficiency and to reduce our cost. We cannot be assured that we will
achieve or sustain the targeted benefits under these programs or that the benefits, even if achieved, will be adequate to meet our long-term growth expectations. In addition, the implementation of key elements of these programs, such as employee job
reductions, may have an adverse impact on our business, particularly in the near-term.