Risks and Uncertainties

Set forth below are some of the risks and uncertainties that, if they were to occur, could materially and adversely affect our business or could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report and the other public statements we make.

Our business success, including financial results, depends upon our relationship with TCCC.

Under the express terms of our product licensing agreements with TCCC:

•

We purchase our entire requirement of concentrates and syrups for Coca-Cola trademark beverages and allied beverages from TCCC at prices, terms of payment, and other terms and conditions determined from time to time by TCCC at its sole discretion. The terms of our contracts with TCCC contain no express limits on the prices TCCC may charge us for concentrate; however, we have entered into an incidence-based concentrate pricing agreement with TCCC through December 31, 2015, pursuant to which concentrate prices increase in a manner that generally tracks our annual net sales per case growth.

•

Our product licensing and bottling agreements with TCCC state they are for fixed terms, and most of them are renewable only at the discretion of TCCC at the conclusion of their current terms. A decision by TCCC not to renew a current fixed-term product licensing and bottling agreement at the end of its term could substantially and adversely affect our financial results.

•

We receive from TCCC, at their discretion, much of our marketing and promotional support. Programs currently in effect or under discussion contain requirements or are subject to conditions established by TCCC, which we may not satisfy. The terms of most of the marketing programs contain no express obligation for TCCC to participate in future programs or continue past levels of payments into the future.

•

We are obligated to maintain sound financial capacity to perform our duties as is required and determined by TCCC at its sole discretion. These duties include, but are not limited to, making certain investments in marketing activities to stimulate the demand for products in our territories and making infrastructure improvements to ensure our facilities and distribution network are capable of handling the demand for these beverages.

•

We must obtain approval from TCCC to acquire any bottler of Coca-Cola or to dispose of one or more of our Coca-Cola bottling territories.

Products licensed to us through TCCC and its affiliates represent greater than 
90 percent
 of our sales volume, and disagreements with TCCC concerning other business issues may lead TCCC to act adversely to our interests with respect to the relationships described above which could negatively affect our financial results. Additionally, our current incidence pricing agreement, which includes our Global Marketing Fund, expires on December 31, 2015. Our inability to successfully renegotiate this agreement could lead to a significant increase in our costs and materially impact our financial results.

Legislative or regulatory changes that affect our products, distribution, or packaging, including changes in tax laws, could reduce demand for our products or increase our costs. 

Our business model depends on the availability of our various products and packages in multiple channels and locations to satisfy the preferences of our customers and consumers. Laws that restrict our ability to distribute products in certain channels and locations, as well as laws that require deposits for certain types of packages or those that limit our ability to design new packages or market certain packages, could negatively impact our financial results. In addition, taxes or other charges imposed on the sale of certain of our products could increase costs or cause consumers to purchase fewer of our products. Many countries in Europe, including territories in which we operate, are evaluating the implementation of, or increase in, such taxes.

For example, in France, federal law currently requires, and we are in compliance with, the elimination of BPA in all food and drink packaging as of January 1, 2015. BPA is a chemical used widely across the world in packaging, including a small amount sometimes found in the coating of metal food and beverage cans, and has been confirmed as safe at current levels by the EFSA. Ensuring compliance with this and other such laws can increase packaging costs and impact our financial results.

Concerns about health and wellness, including obesity, could further reduce the demand for some of our products.

Consumers and public health and government officials are highly concerned about the public health consequences of obesity, particularly among young people. In addition, some researchers, health advocates, and dietary guidelines are suggesting that consumption of sugar-sweetened beverages is a primary cause of increased obesity rates and are encouraging consumers to reduce 

11

or eliminate consumption of such products. Increasing public concern about obesity and additional governmental regulations concerning the marketing, labeling, packaging, or sale of sugar-sweetened beverages may reduce demand for or increase the cost of our sugar-sweetened beverages.

Health and wellness trends have also resulted in an increased demand for more low-calorie or no-calorie sparkling beverages, water, enhanced water, isotonics, energy drinks, teas, and beverages with natural sweeteners. Limitations on our ability to provide any of these types of products or otherwise satisfy changing consumer preferences relating to nonalcoholic beverages could adversely affect our financial results.

If we, TCCC, or other licensors and bottlers of products we distribute are unable to maintain positive brand or corporate images, or are subject to product liability claims or product recalls, our financial results and brand image may be negatively affected.

Our success depends on our products having a positive brand image with customers and consumers. Product quality issues (real or perceived) or allegations of product contamination (even if false or unfounded) could tarnish the image of the affected brands and cause customers and consumers to choose other products. We could be required to recall products if they become or are perceived to have become contaminated or are damaged or mislabeled, and also may be liable if the consumption of our products causes injury or illness. A significant product liability or other product-related legal judgment against us or a widespread recall of our products could negatively impact our brand image and financial results.

Additionally, adverse publicity surrounding health and well-being concerns, water usage, customer disputes, labor relations, product ingredients, and the like could negatively affect our overall reputation and our products’ acceptance by our customers and consumers, even when the publicity results from actions occurring outside our territory or control. Similarly, if product quality-related issues arise from products not manufactured by us but imported into our territories, our reputation and consumer goodwill could be damaged.

Furthermore, through the increased use of social media, individuals and non-governmental organizations (NGOs) have the ability to disseminate their opinions regarding the safety or healthiness of our products to an increasing wider audience at a faster pace. Our failure to effectively respond to any negative opinions in a timely manner can harm the perception of our brands and damage our reputation, regardless of the validity of the statements.

Our sales can be adversely impacted by the instability of the general economy.

Unfavorable changes in general economic conditions, such as a recession or prolonged economic slowdown in the territories in which we do business, may reduce the demand for certain products and otherwise adversely affect our sales. For example, economic forces may cause consumers to purchase more private-label brands, which are generally sold at prices lower than our products, or to defer or forgo purchases of beverages altogether. Additionally, consumers who do purchase our products may choose to shift away from purchasing higher-margin products and packages. Adverse economic conditions could also increase the likelihood of customer delinquencies and bankruptcies, which would increase the risk of uncollectability of certain accounts. Each of these factors could adversely affect our revenue, price realization, gross margins, and/or our overall financial condition and operating results.

Additionally, there are ongoing concerns regarding the debt burden of certain European countries and their ability to meet their future financial obligations, which have resulted in downgrades of the debt ratings for these countries. These sovereign debt concerns, whether real or perceived, could result in a recession, prolonged economic slowdown, or otherwise negatively impact the general stability of the economies in certain territories in which we operate. In more severe cases, this could result in a limitation on the availability of capital, which would restrict our liquidity and negatively impact our financial results.

Changes in the marketplace, including changes in our relationships with large customers, may adversely impact our financial results.

We operate in the highly competitive nonalcoholic beverage industry and face strong competition from other general and specialty beverage companies. Our ability to grow or maintain our market share or gross margins may be limited by the actions of our competitors, who may have lower costs and, thus, advantages in setting their prices. Further, a significant amount of our volume is sold through large retail chains, including supermarkets and wholesalers. These chains are becoming more consolidated and, at times, may seek to use their purchasing power to improve their profitability through lower prices, increased emphasis on generic and other private-label brands, and increased promotional programs. Our response to continued competitor and customer consolidations and marketplace competition may result in lower than expected net pricing of our products. Additionally, hard- discount retailers continue to challenge traditional retail outlets, which can increase the pressure on our customer relationships. These factors, as well as others, could have a negative impact on the availability of our products, as well as our profitability. 

12

In addition, at times, a customer may choose to temporarily stop selling certain of our products as a result of a dispute we may be having with that customer. A dispute with a large customer that chooses not to sell certain of our products for a prolonged period of time may adversely affect our sales volume and/or financial results.

Adverse weather conditions could limit the demand for our products. 

Our sales are significantly influenced by weather conditions in the markets in which we operate. In particular, due to the seasonality of our business, cold or wet weather during the summer months may have a negative impact on the demand for our products and contribute to lower sales, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. 

Changes in currency exchange rates could significantly impact our financial results and ultimately hinder our competitiveness in the marketplace.

We are exposed to significant currency exchange rate risk, including uncertainties related to the monetary policies of the European Central Bank, since all of our revenues and substantially all of our expenses are derived from operations conducted outside the U.S. in the local currency of the countries in which we do business. For purposes of financial reporting, the local currency results are translated into U.S. dollars based on currency exchange rates prevailing during the reporting period. During times of a strengthening U.S. dollar, our reported net sales and operating income is reduced because the local currency will translate into fewer U.S. dollars. During periods of local economic crises or general economic softness, foreign currencies may weaken significantly against the U.S. dollar, thereby reducing our margins as reported in U.S. dollars. Actions to recover margins may result in lower volume and a weaker competitive position.

Additionally, there are concerns regarding the short- and long-term stability of the euro and its ability to serve as a single currency for a number of individual countries. These concerns could lead individual countries to revert, or threaten to revert, to their former local currencies, which could lead to the full or partial dissolution of the euro. Should this occur, the assets we hold in a country that reintroduces its local currency could be significantly devalued. Furthermore, the full or partial dissolution of the euro could cause significant volatility and disruption to the global economy, which could impact our financial results, including our ability to access capital at acceptable financing costs, if at all; the availability of supplies and materials; and the demand for our products. Finally, if it were necessary for us to conduct our business in additional currencies, we would be subjected to additional earnings volatility as amounts in these currencies are translated into U.S. dollars.

Increases in costs, a limitation, or lower than expected quality, of our supplies of raw materials could hurt our financial results.

If there are increases in the costs of raw materials, ingredients, or packaging materials, such as aluminum, steel, sugar, PET (plastic), fuel, or other items, and we are unable to pass the increased costs on to our customers in the form of higher prices, our financial results could be adversely affected. Additionally, we use supplier-pricing agreements and, at times, derivative financial instruments to manage the volatility and market risk with respect to certain commodities. Generally, these hedging instruments establish the purchase price for these commodities in advance of the time of delivery. As such, it is possible that these hedging instruments may lock us into prices that are ultimately greater than the actual market price at the time of delivery.

Certain of our suppliers could restrict our ability to hedge prices through supplier agreements. As a result, we could enter into non-designated commodity hedges, which could expose us to additional earnings volatility with respect to the purchase of these commodities.

If suppliers of raw materials, ingredients, packaging materials, or other cost items are affected by strikes, weather conditions, speculation, abnormally high demand, governmental controls, new taxes, national emergencies, natural disasters, insolvency, or other events, and we are unable to obtain the materials from an alternate source, our cost of sales, net sales, and ability to manufacture and distribute product could be adversely affected.

Additionally, lower than expected quality of delivered raw materials, ingredients, packaging materials, or finished goods could lead to a disruption in our operations as we seek to substitute these items for ones that conform to our established standards or if we are required to replace under-performing suppliers.

We may be affected by the impact of global issues such as water scarcity and climate change, including the legal, regulatory, or market responses to such issues.

Water, which is the primary ingredient in all of our products, is vital to our manufacturing processes and is needed to produce the agricultural ingredients that are essential to our business. While water is generally regarded as abundant in Europe, it is a limited resource in many parts of the world, affected by overexploitation, growing population, increasing demand for food products, increasing pollution, poor management, and the effects of climate change. Water scarcity and deterioration in the quality of available 

13

water sources in our territories, or our supply chain, even if temporary, may result in increased production costs or capacity constraints, which could adversely affect our ability to produce and sell our beverages and increase our costs.

Additionally, there is increasing concern that gradual rises in global average temperatures due to increased concentrations of greenhouse gases (GHG) in the atmosphere are linked to increasing future risks of changing weather patterns and extreme weather conditions around the world. Climate change may also exacerbate water scarcity and cause a further deterioration of water quality in affected regions. Decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns may limit the availability or increase the cost of key raw materials we use to produce our products. Additionally, increased frequency of extreme weather events such as storms or floods in our territories could have adverse impacts on our facilities and distribution network, leading to an increased risk of business disruption.

Concern over climate change, including global warming, has led to legislative and regulatory initiatives directed at limiting GHG emissions. The territories in which we operate have in place a variety of GHG emissions reporting requirements, and some have voluntary emissions reduction covenants in which we participate. Furthermore, climate laws that directly or indirectly affect our production, distribution, packaging, cost of raw materials, fuel, ingredients, and water could all impact our financial results.

As part of our commitment to Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability (CRS), we have calculated the carbon footprint of our operations in each country where we do business and set a public goal to reduce the carbon footprint of the drinks we produce by one-third by 2020. This commitment and the expectations of our stakeholders and regulatory bodies necessitate our investment in technologies that improve the energy efficiency and reduce the carbon emissions of our business operations. In general, the cost of these types of investments is greater than investments in less energy efficient technologies, and the period before investment return is often longer. Although we believe these investments will provide long-term financial and reputational benefits, there is a risk that we may not achieve our desired returns.

Our business is vulnerable to products being imported from outside our territories, which adversely affects our sales.

Our territories are susceptible to the import of products manufactured by bottlers outside our territories where prices and costs are lower. During 
2014
, we estimate the gross profit of our business was negatively impacted by approximately 
$40 million
 to 
$45 million
 due to products imported into our territories. In the case of such imports from members of the EEA, we are generally prohibited from taking actions to stop such imports.

Changes in interest rates or our debt rating could harm our financial results and financial position.

We are subject to increases in interest rates and changes in our debt rating that could have a material adverse effect on our interest costs and financing sources. Our debt rating can be materially influenced by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, our financial performance, acquisitions, investment decisions (including share repurchases), and capital management activities of TCCC and/or changes in the debt rating of TCCC.

If we are unable to maintain labor bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, if we experience employee strikes or work stoppages, or if changes are made to employment laws or regulations, our financial results could be negatively impacted.

The majority of our employees are covered by collectively bargained labor agreements, most of which do not expire. However, wage rates must be renegotiated at various dates through 
2016
. The inability to renegotiate agreements on satisfactory terms could result in work interruptions or stoppages, which could adversely affect our financial results. The terms and conditions of existing or renegotiated agreements could also increase our cost or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement changes to increase the effectiveness of our operations. 

We may not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies from our restructuring and outsourcing programs.

We have implemented, and plan to continue to implement, restructuring programs to support key strategic initiatives designed to maintain long-term sustainable growth, such as our business transformation program (refer to Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this report). These programs are intended to enhance our operating effectiveness and efficiency and to reduce our costs. We cannot guarantee that we will achieve or sustain the targeted benefits under these programs, or that the benefits, even if achieved, will be adequate to meet our long-term growth expectations. Additionally, if we cannot successfully resolve consultations with employee representatives (e.g., works council, trade unions) related to key elements of these programs, such as employee job reductions, this may have an adverse impact on our business.

We have outsourced certain financial transaction-processing and information technology services to third-party providers. We may outsource other activities in the future to achieve further efficiencies and cost savings. If the third-party providers do not supply the level of service expected with our outsourcing initiatives, we may incur additional costs to correct the errors and may not 

14

achieve the level of cost savings originally expected. Disruptions in transaction processing or information technology services due to the ineffectiveness of our third-party providers could result in inefficiencies within other business processes.

Additional taxes levied on us could harm our financial results.

Our tax filings for various periods in the jurisdictions in which we do business may be subjected to audit by the relevant tax authorities. These audits may result in assessments of additional taxes that could impact our financial results, including interest and penalties, that are subsequently resolved with the authorities or potentially through the courts. 

Changes in tax laws, regulations, related interpretations, and tax accounting standards in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate may adversely affect our financial results. For example, in recent years there have been legislative proposals to reform U.S. taxation of foreign earnings which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results by subjecting a significant portion of our earnings to incremental U.S. taxation and/or by delaying or permanently deferring certain deductions otherwise currently allowed in calculating our U.S. tax liabilities.

Increases in the cost of employee benefits, including pension retirement benefits, could impact our financial results and cash flow.

Unfavorable changes in the cost of our employee benefits, including pension retirement benefits, could materially impact our financial results and cash flow. We sponsor a number of defined benefit pension plans in the territories in which we operate. Estimates of the amount and timing of our future funding obligations for defined benefit pension plans are based upon various assumptions, including discount rates, mortality assumptions, and long-term asset returns. In addition, the amount and timing of pension funding can be influenced by funding requirements, negotiations with the pension trustee boards, or the action of other governing bodies.

Default by or failure of one or more of our counterparty financial institutions could cause us to incur significant losses. 

We are exposed to the risk of default by, or failure of, counterparty financial institutions with whom we do business. This risk may be heightened during economic downturns and periods of uncertainty in the financial markets. If one of our counterparties were to become insolvent or file for bankruptcy, our ability to recover amounts owed from or held in accounts with such counterparty may be limited. In the event of default by or failure of one or more of our counterparties, we could incur significant losses, which could negatively impact our results of operations and financial condition.

The occurrence of cyber incidents, or a deficiency in our cybersecurity, could negatively impact our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, and/or damage to our brand image, all of which could negatively impact our financial results.

A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our data or information systems. More specifically, a cyber incident is an intentional attack or an unintentional event that can include gaining unauthorized access to systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data, or steal confidential information. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our systems, both internal and those we have outsourced to a third-party provider. Our three primary risks that could result from the occurrence of a cyber incident include operational interruption, damage to our brand image, and private data exposure. 

Technology failures could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our financial results.

We rely extensively on information technology systems to process, transmit, store, and protect electronic information. For example, our production and distribution facilities and our inventory management processes utilize information technology to maximize efficiencies and minimize costs. Furthermore, a significant portion of the communications between our personnel, customers, and suppliers depends on information technology. Our information technology systems, some of which have been outsourced to third-party providers, may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events that may be beyond our control or that of our third-party providers, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures, additional security issues, and other technology failures. Our technology and information security processes and disaster recovery plans may not be adequate or implemented properly to ensure that our operations are not disrupted. In addition, a miscalculation of the level of investment needed to ensure our technology solutions are current as technology advances and evolves could result in disruptions in our business should the software, hardware, or maintenance of such items become obsolete. Furthermore, when we implement new systems and/or upgrade existing system modules (e.g., SAP modules), there is a risk our business may be temporarily disrupted during the period of implementation.

15

Our business is focused geographically in Western Europe, which may limit investor interest in our common stock.

Because we are geographically focused in Western Europe, our stock may not be followed as closely by U.S. investors and analysts. If there is only a limited following by market analysts in the U.S. or the investment community in the U.S., the amount of market activity in our common stock may be reduced, making it more difficult to sell our shares. If shareowners decide to sell all or some of their shares, or the market perceives that these sales could occur, the trading value of our shares may decline.

Legal judgments obtained, or claims made, against our vendors or suppliers could impact their ability to provide us with agreed upon products and services, which could negatively impact our business and financial results.

Many of our outside vendors supply us with services, information, processes, software, or other deliverables that rely on certain intellectual property rights or other proprietary information. To the extent these vendors face legal claims brought by other third parties challenging those rights or information, our vendors could be required to pay significant settlements or even discontinue use of the deliverables furnished to us. These outcomes could require us to change vendors or develop replacement solutions, which could result in significant inefficiencies within our business or higher costs and ultimately could negatively impact our financial results.

Global or regional catastrophic events could impact our financial results.

Our business can be affected by large-scale terrorist acts, especially those directed against our territories or other major industrialized countries, the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities, major natural disasters, or widespread outbreaks of infectious disease. Such events in the geographic regions in which we do business, or in the geographic regions from which our inputs are supplied, could have a material impact on our sales volume, cost of sales, earnings, and overall financial results. 

Miscalculation of our need for infrastructure investment could impact our financial results. 

Actual requirements of our infrastructure investments, including cold-drink equipment and production equipment, may differ from our projections with respect to volume growth or product demands. Our infrastructure investments are generally long-term in nature and, therefore, it is possible that investments made today may not generate the expected return due to future changes in the marketplace. Significant changes from our expected need for and/or returns on these infrastructure investments could adversely affect our financial results.

Provisions in our product licensing and bottling agreements with TCCC and in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change in control of CCE, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

Provisions in our product licensing and bottling agreements with TCCC, which require us to obtain TCCC’s consent to transfer the business to another person, could delay or prevent an unsolicited change in control of CCE. These provisions may also have the effect of making it more difficult for third parties to replace our current management without the consent of our Board of Directors.

In addition, the provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could delay or prevent an unsolicited change in control of CCE. These provisions include:

•

The availability of authorized shares of preferred stock for issuance from time to time and the determination of rights, powers, and preferences of the preferred stock at the discretion of the CCE Board of Directors without the approval of our shareowners;

•

The requirement of a meeting of shareowners to approve all actions to be taken by the shareowners;

•

Requirements for advance notice for raising business or making nominations at shareowners' meetings; and

•

Limitations on the minimum and maximum number of directors that constitute the CCE Board of Directors.

Delaware law also imposes restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15 percent or more of our outstanding common stock.

If the Merger or certain structuring steps Legacy CCE took prior to the Merger are determined to be taxable, CCE could be subject to a material amount of taxes. We may also be subject to other liabilities or indemnification obligations under the Tax Sharing Agreement with TCCC that are greater than anticipated.

In the Merger, the exchange of the consideration for our stock was intended to qualify as a tax-free transaction to us. In addition, an internal restructuring undertaken prior to the Merger was also intended to qualify as a tax-free transaction. There can be no 

16

assurance, however, that these transactions qualify for tax-free treatment. If either transaction does not qualify for tax-free treatment, our resulting tax liability may be substantial.

Also, we agreed under a Tax Sharing Agreement to indemnify TCCC and its affiliates from and against certain taxes. We have also agreed to pay TCCC, in certain situations, the difference (if any) between the amount of certain tax benefits intended to be available and the amount of such benefits actually available to Legacy CCE as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If such liabilities or indemnification obligations are larger than anticipated, our financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.