Risks and Uncertainties

Set forth below are some of the risks and uncertainties that, if they were to occur, could materially and adversely affect our business or could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report and the other public statements we make.

Our business success, including financial results, depends upon our relationship with TCCC.

Under the express terms of our product licensing agreements with TCCC:

•

We purchase our entire requirement of concentrates and syrups for Coca-Cola Trademark Beverages (sparkling beverages bearing the trademark “Coca-Cola” or the “Coke” brand name) and Allied Beverages (beverages of TCCC or its subsidiaries that are sparkling beverages, but not Coca-Cola Trademark Beverages or energy drinks) from TCCC at prices, terms of payment, and other terms and conditions of supply determined from time to time by TCCC at its sole discretion.

•

The terms of our contracts with TCCC contain no express limits on the prices TCCC may charge us for concentrate; however, we have entered into an incidence-based concentrate pricing agreement with TCCC through December 31, 2015, pursuant to which concentrate prices increase in a manner that generally tracks our net revenue per case increase from the previous year.

•

Much of the marketing and promotional support that we receive from TCCC is at the discretion of TCCC. Programs currently in effect or under discussion contain requirements or are subject to conditions, established by TCCC, that we may not achieve or satisfy. The terms of most of the marketing programs contain no express obligation for TCCC to participate in future programs or continue past levels of payments into the future.

•

Our product licensing and bottling agreements with TCCC state that they are for fixed terms, and most of them are renewable only at the discretion of TCCC at the conclusion of their current terms. A decision by TCCC not to renew a current fixed-term product licensing agreement at the end of its term could substantially and adversely affect our financial results.

•

Under our product licensing and bottling agreements with TCCC, we must obtain approval from TCCC to acquire any bottler of Coca-Cola or to dispose of one or more of our Coca-Cola bottling territories.

•

We are obligated to maintain sound financial capacity to perform our duties as is required and determined by TCCC at its sole discretion. These duties include, but are not limited to, making certain investments in marketing activities to stimulate the demand for products in our territories and infrastructure improvements to ensure our facilities and distribution network are capable of handling the demand for these beverages.

Disagreements with TCCC concerning other business issues may lead TCCC to act adversely to our interests with respect to the relationships described above.

TCCC does not have any equity ownership interest in us. This could result in a negative financial market perception of our relationship with TCCC and could negatively affect our business dealings with TCCC.

Legislative or regulatory changes that affect our products, distribution, or packaging could reduce demand for our products or increase our costs. 

Our business model depends on the availability of our various products and packages in multiple channels and locations to satisfy the needs of our customers and consumers. Laws that restrict our ability to distribute products in certain channels and locations, as well as laws that require deposits for certain types of packages or those that limit our ability to design new packages or market certain packages, could negatively impact our financial results. In addition, taxes or other charges imposed on the sale of certain of our products could cause consumers to shift away from purchasing our products or increase our costs. 

For example, in December 2011, France's Constitutional Council approved an increased excise tax on beverages with added sweetener (both nutritive and non-nutritive) that equates to a 7.16 euro cents per liter increase from 0.54 euro cents per liter to 7.70 euro cents per liter. This tax, which was effective as of January 1, 2012, was part of a broader austerity package aimed at raising funds for the French government. The additional tax applies to virtually all of the beverage products we sell in France and is expected to increase our consolidated cost of sales in 2012 by approximately 
4.0 percent
. We expect substantially all of this additional cost to be borne by our customers in the form of higher prices, which will likely result in a significant increase in retail prices for beverage products impacted by the tax.

11

Our sales can be adversely impacted by the health and stability of the general economy.

Unfavorable changes in general economic conditions, such as a recession or prolonged economic slowdown in the territories in which we do business, may reduce the demand for certain products and otherwise adversely affect our sales. For example, economic forces may cause consumers to purchase more private-label brands, which are generally sold at prices lower than our products, or to defer or forego purchases of beverage products altogether. Additionally, consumers that do purchase our products may choose to shift away from purchasing higher-margin products and packages. Adverse economic conditions could also increase the likelihood of customer delinquencies and bankruptcies, which would increase the risk of uncollectability of certain accounts. Each of these factors could adversely affect our revenue, price realization, gross margins, and/or our overall financial condition and operating results.

For example, there are ongoing concerns regarding the debt burden of certain countries and their ability to meet their future financial obligations, which have resulted in recent downgrades of the debt ratings for these countries. These sovereign debt concerns, whether real or perceived, could result in a recession, prolonged economic slowdown, or otherwise negatively impact the general health and stability of the economies in certain territories in which we operate. In more severe cases, this could result in a limitation on the availability of capital, thereby restricting our liquidity and negatively impacting our financial results.

Our financial results could be significantly impacted by currency exchange rates, and currency changes or devaluations could impair our competitiveness. 

We are exposed to significant exchange rate risk since all of our revenues and substantially all of our expenses are derived from operations conducted outside the U.S. in the local currency of the countries in which we do business and, for purposes of financial reporting, the local currency results are translated into U.S. dollars based on currency exchange rates prevailing during the reporting period. During times of a strengthening U.S. dollar, our reported net revenues and operating income is reduced because the local currency will translate into fewer U.S. dollars. During periods of local economic crises, non-U.S. currencies may be devalued significantly against the U.S. dollar, thereby reducing our margins as reported in U.S. dollars. Actions to recover margins may result in lower volume and a weaker competitive position.

Additionally, there are ongoing concerns regarding the short- and long-term stability of the euro and its ability to serve as a single currency for a variety of individual countries. These concerns could lead individual countries to revert, or threaten to revert, to their former local currencies, which could lead to the dissolution of the euro. Should this occur, the assets we hold in a country that re-introduces its local currency could be significantly devalued. Furthermore, the dissolution of the euro could cause significant volatility and disruption to the global economy, which could impact our financial results, including our ability to access liquidity at acceptable financing costs, if at all, the availability of supplies and materials, and the demand for our products. Finally, if it were necessary for us to conduct our business in additional currencies, we would be subjected to additional earnings volatility as amounts in these currencies are translated into U.S. dollars.

Increases in costs, a limitation, or lower than contracted quality of our supplies of raw materials could hurt our financial results.

If there are increases in the costs of raw materials, ingredients, or packaging materials, such as aluminum, steel, sugar, PET (plastic), fuel, or other items, and we are unable to pass the increased costs on to our customers in the form of higher prices, our financial results could be adversely affected. We use supplier pricing agreements and, at times, derivative financial instruments to manage the volatility and market risk with respect to certain commodities. Generally, these hedging instruments establish the purchase price for these commodities in advance of the time of delivery. As such, it is possible that these hedging instruments may lock us into prices that are ultimately greater than the actual market price at the time of delivery.

Certain of our suppliers could restrict our ability to hedge prices through supplier agreements. As a result, at times, we enter into non-designated commodity hedges, which could expose us to additional earnings volatility with respect to the purchase of these commodities.

If suppliers of raw materials, ingredients, packaging materials, or other cost items are affected by strikes, weather conditions, abnormally high demand, governmental controls, national emergencies, natural disasters, insolvency, or other events, and we are unable to obtain the materials from an alternate source, our cost of sales, revenues, and ability to manufacture and distribute product could be adversely affected.

Additionally, lower than expected quality of delivered raw materials, ingredients, packaging materials, or finished goods could lead to a disruption in our operations as we seek to substitute these items for ones that conform to our established standards or if we are required to replace under-performing suppliers.

12

Concerns about health and wellness could further reduce the demand for some of our products.

Health and wellness trends have resulted in an increased desire for more low-calorie or no-calorie sparkling beverages, water, enhanced water, isotonics, energy drinks, teas, and beverages with natural sweeteners. Our failure to provide any of these types of products could adversely affect our financial results.

We may not be able to respond successfully to changes in the marketplace.

We operate in the highly competitive nonalcoholic beverage industry and face strong competition from other general and specialty beverage companies. Our response to continued and increased competitor and customer consolidations and marketplace competition may result in lower than expected net pricing of our products. Our ability to gain or maintain share of sales or gross margins may be limited by the actions of our competitors, who may have lower costs and, thus, advantages in setting their prices.

If we, TCCC, or other licensors and bottlers of products we distribute are unable to maintain a positive brand image or if product liability claims or product recalls are brought against us, TCCC, or other licensors and bottlers of products we distribute, our financial results and brand image may be negatively affected.

Our success depends on our products having a positive brand image with customers and consumers. Product quality issues, real or imagined, or allegations of product contamination, even if false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of the affected brands and cause customers and consumers to choose other products. We may be liable if the consumption of our products causes injury or illness. We may also be required to recall products if they become or are perceived to have become contaminated or are damaged or mislabeled. A significant product liability or other product-related legal judgment against us or a widespread recall of our products could negatively impact our financial results and brand image.

Additionally, adverse publicity surrounding obesity concerns, water usage, customer disputes, labor relations, product ingredients, and the like could negatively affect our overall reputation and our products’ acceptance by our customers and consumers, even when the publicity results from actions occurring outside our territory or control. Similarly, if product quality-related issues arise from products not manufactured by us but imported into our territories, our reputation and consumer goodwill could be damaged.

Furthermore, the increased use of social media by our employees and those outside of CCE could cause dissemination of confidential information or information that is damaging to our reputation, regardless of validity. This information could negatively impact our financial results and brand image.

Changes in our relationships with large customers may adversely impact our financial results.

A significant amount of our volume is sold through large retail chains, including supermarkets and wholesalers. These chains are becoming more consolidated and, at times, may seek to use their purchasing power to improve their profitability through lower prices, increased emphasis on generic and other private-label brands, and increased promotional programs. These factors, as well as others, could have a negative impact on the availability of our products, as well as our profitability. In addition, at times, a customer may choose to temporarily stop selling certain of our products as a result of a dispute we may be having with that customer. A dispute with a large customer that chooses not to sell certain of our products for a prolonged period of time may adversely affect our sales volume and/or financial results.

Our business is vulnerable to products being imported from outside our territories, which adversely affects our sales.

Our territories, particularly Great Britain, are susceptible to the import of products manufactured by bottlers outside our territories where prices and costs are lower. During 
2011
, we estimate that the gross profit of our business was negatively impacted by approximately 
$20 million
 to 
$30 million
 due to imported products. In the case of such imports from members of the EEA, we are generally prohibited from taking actions to stop such imports.

Changes in interest rates or our debt rating could harm our financial results and financial position.

We are subject to increases in interest rates and changes in our debt rating that could have a material adverse effect on interest costs and financing sources. Our debt rating can be materially influenced by a number of factors, including, but not limited to, acquisitions, investment decisions, and capital management activities of TCCC and/or changes in the debt rating of TCCC.

Additional taxes levied on us could harm our financial results.

Our tax filings for various periods are subjected to audit by tax authorities in most jurisdictions in which we do business. These audits may result in assessments of additional taxes that are subsequently resolved with the authorities or potentially through the 

13

courts. We believe we have adequately provided for any assessments that could result from these audits where it is more likely than not that we will pay some amount.

Changes in tax laws, regulations, related interpretations, and tax accounting standards in the U.S. and other countries in which we operate may adversely affect our financial results. For example, in recent years there have been legislative proposals to reform U.S. taxation of non-U.S. earnings which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results by subjecting a significant portion of our earnings to incremental U.S. taxation and/or by delaying or permanently deferring certain deductions otherwise allowed in calculating our U.S. tax liabilities.

If we are unable to renew labor bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, if we experience employee strikes or work stoppages, or if changes are made to employment laws or regulations, our financial results could be negatively impacted.

The majority of our employees are covered by collectively bargained labor agreements, most of which do not expire. However, wage rates must be renegotiated at various dates through 
2013
. The inability to renegotiate agreements on satisfactory terms could result in work interruptions or stoppages, which could adversely affect our financial results. The terms and conditions of existing or renegotiated agreements could also increase our cost or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement operational changes. We currently believe, however, that we will be able to renegotiate agreements upon satisfactory terms.

The occurrence of cyber incidents, or a deficiency in our cybersecurity, could negatively impact our business by causing a disruption to our operations, a compromise or corruption of our confidential information, and/or damage to our brand image, all of which could negatively impact our financial results.

A cyber incident is considered to be any adverse event that threatens the confidentiality, integrity, or availability of our information resources. More specifically, a cyber incident is an intentional attack or an unintentional event that can include gaining unauthorized access to systems to disrupt operations, corrupt data, or steal confidential information. As our reliance on technology has increased, so have the risks posed to our systems, both internal and those we have outsourced. Our three primary risks that could directly result from the occurrence of a cyber incident include operational interruption, damage to our brand image, and private data exposure. We have implemented solutions, processes, and procedures to help mitigate this risk, such as creating a proactive internal oversight function to evaluate and address our risks related to cybersecurity, but these measures, as well as our organization's increased awareness of our risk of a cyber incident, do not guarantee that our financial results will not be negatively impacted by such an incident.

Technology failures could disrupt our operations and negatively impact our financial results.

We rely extensively on information technology systems to process, transmit, store, and protect electronic information. For example, our production and distribution facilities and our inventory management process utilize information technology to maximize efficiencies and minimize costs. Furthermore, a significant portion of the communications between our personnel, customers, and suppliers depends on information technology. Our information technology systems, some of which have been outsourced to a third-party provider, may be vulnerable to a variety of interruptions due to events that may be beyond our control or that of our third-party provider, including, but not limited to, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures, computer, additional security issues, and other technology failures. Our technology and information security processes and disaster recovery plans may not be adequate or implemented properly to ensure that our operations are not disrupted. In addition, a miscalculation of the level of investment needed to ensure our technology solutions are current and up-to-date as technology advances and evolves could result in disruptions in our business should the software, hardware, or maintenance of such items become out-of-date or obsolete. Furthermore, when we implement new systems and/or upgrade existing system modules (e.g. SAP modules), there is a risk that our business may be temporarily disrupted during the period of implementation.

We may not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies from our restructuring and outsourcing programs.

We have implemented, and plan to continue to implement, restructuring programs to support the implementation of key strategic initiatives designed to maintain long-term sustainable growth. These programs are intended to maximize our operating effectiveness and efficiency and to reduce our costs. We cannot guarantee that we will achieve or sustain the targeted benefits under these programs, which could result in further restructuring efforts. In addition, we cannot guarantee that the benefits, even if achieved, will be adequate to meet our long-term growth expectations. The implementation of key elements of these programs, such as employee job reductions, may have an adverse impact on our business, particularly in the near term.

In addition, we have outsourced certain financial transaction processing and business information services to third-party providers. In the future, we may outsource other activities to achieve further efficiencies and cost savings. If the third-party providers do not supply the level of service expected with our outsourcing initiatives, we may incur additional costs to correct the errors and may 

14

not achieve the level of cost savings originally expected. Disruptions in transaction processing due to the ineffectiveness of our third-party providers could result in inefficiencies within other business processes.

Adverse weather conditions could limit the demand for our products. Likewise, we may be affected by global climate change or by legal, regulatory, or market responses to such change.

Our sales are significantly influenced by weather conditions in the markets in which we operate. In particular, cold or wet weather during the summer months may have a negative impact on the demand for our products and contribute to lower sales, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. Additionally, changing weather patterns, along with the increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions, could impact the availability or increase the cost of key raw materials that we use to produce our products.

Concern over climate change, including global warming, has led to legislative and regulatory initiatives directed at limiting greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions. The territories in which we operate have in place a variety of GHG emissions reporting requirements, and some have voluntary emissions reduction covenants in which we participate. Furthermore, laws that directly or indirectly affect our production, distribution, packaging, cost of raw materials, fuel, ingredients, and water could all impact our financial results.

As part of our commitment to Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability (CRS), we have calculated the carbon footprint of our operations in each country where we do business, developed a GHG emissions inventory management plan, and set a public goal to reduce the carbon footprint of the drinks we produce by a third by 2020 and to reduce our absolute carbon footprint by 15 percent within the same time frame. This commitment and the expectations of our stakeholders and regulatory bodies necessitates our investment in technologies that improve the energy efficiency of our facilities, our cooling and vending equipment, and reduce the carbon emissions of our vehicle fleet. In general, the cost of these types of investments is greater than investments in less energy efficient technologies and the period of return is often longer. Although we believe these investments will provide long-term financial and reputational benefits, there is a risk that we may not achieve our desired returns.

Global or regional catastrophic events could impact our financial results.

Our business can be affected by large-scale terrorist acts, especially those directed against our territories or other major industrialized countries, the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities, major natural disasters, or widespread outbreaks of infectious disease. Such events in the geographic regions in which we do business, or in the geographic regions from which our inputs are supplied, could have a material impact on our sales volume, cost of sales, earnings, and overall financial results.

Unexpected resolutions of contingencies could impact our financial results. 

Changes from expectations for the resolution of contingencies, including outstanding legal claims and assessments, could have a material impact on our financial results. Additionally, our failure to abide by laws, including those related to our external reporting obligations in each country, orders, or other legal commitments could subject us to fines, penalties, or other damages. Furthermore, insufficient levels of insurance coverage could negatively impact our ability to recover certain losses that are, or could potentially be, covered by insurance policies.

Our historical financial information may not be representative of our results as a separate company and, therefore, may not be reliable as an indicator of future results.

Prior to the Merger, our Consolidated Financial Statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles on a “carve-out” basis from Legacy CCE’s Consolidated Financial Statements using the historical results of operations, assets, and liabilities attributable to the legal entities that comprised CCE as of the effective date of the Merger. These legal entities include all that were previously part of Legacy CCE’s Europe operating segment, as well as Coca-Cola Enterprises (Canada) Bottling Finance Company. Accordingly, our historical financial information included in this report does not necessarily reflect what our financial position, results of operations, and cash flows would have been had we been operating as an independent company prior to the Merger.

Prior to the Merger, our Consolidated Financial Statements also included an allocation of certain corporate expenses related to services provided to us by Legacy CCE. These expenses included the cost of executive oversight, information technology, legal, treasury, risk management, human resources, accounting and reporting, investor relations, public relations, internal audit, and certain global restructuring projects. The cost of these services was allocated to us based on specific identification when possible or, when the expenses were determined to be global in nature, based on the percentage of our relative sales volume to total Legacy CCE sales volume for the applicable periods. We believe these allocations are a reasonable representation of the cost incurred for the services provided. However, these allocations are not necessarily indicative of the actual expenses that we would have incurred 

15

had we been operating as an independent company prior to the Merger.

Our focus on European business may limit investor interest in our common stock.

Because we are geographically focused in Western Europe, our stock may not be followed as closely by the investment community in the U.S. If there is only a limited following by market analysts in the U.S. or the investment community in the U.S., the amount of market activity in our common stock may be reduced, making it more difficult to sell our shares. If shareowners decide to sell all or some of their shares, or the market perceives that these sales could occur, the trading value of our shares may decline.

Increases in the cost of employee benefits, including pension retirement benefits, could impact our financial results and cash flow.

Unfavorable changes in the cost of our employee medical benefits and pension retirement benefits could materially impact our financial results and cash flow. We sponsor a number of defined benefit pension plans. Estimates of the amount and timing of our future funding obligations for defined benefit pension plans are based upon various assumptions, including discount rates and long-term asset returns. In addition, the amount and timing of pension funding can be influenced by funding requirements, negotiations with the Pension Trustee Boards, or the action of other governing bodies.

Provisions in our product licensing and bottling agreements with TCCC and in our organizational documents could delay or prevent a change in control of CCE, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

Provisions in our product licensing and bottling agreements with TCCC which require us to obtain TCCC’s consent to transfer the business to another person could delay or prevent an unsolicited change in control of CCE. These provisions may also have the effect of making it more difficult for third parties to replace our current management without the consent of our Board of Directors.

In addition, the provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws could delay or prevent an unsolicited change in control of CCE. These provisions include:

•

The availability of authorized shares of preferred stock for issuance from time to time and the determination of rights, powers, and preferences of the preferred stock at the discretion of the CCE Board of Directors without the approval of our shareowners;

•

The requirement of a meeting of shareowners to approve all action to be taken by the shareowners;

•

Requirements for advance notice for raising business or making nominations at shareowners' meetings; and

•

Limitations on the minimum and maximum number of directors that constitute the CCE Board of Directors.

Delaware law also imposes restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15 percent or more of our outstanding common stock.

Miscalculation of our need for infrastructure investment could impact our financial results. 

Actual requirements of our infrastructure investments, including cold drink equipment, technology, and production equipment may differ from projected levels if our volume growth is not as anticipated. Our infrastructure investments are generally long-term in nature and, therefore, it is possible that investments made today may not generate the expected return due to future changes in the marketplace. Significant changes from our expected need for and/or returns on these infrastructure investments could adversely affect our financial results.

We may be subject to liabilities or indemnification obligations under the Agreement with TCCC and related agreements that are greater than anticipated.

Under the Agreement, we have assumed certain European business liabilities and, under the Tax Sharing Agreement related to the Merger, we have agreed to indemnify TCCC and its affiliates from and against certain taxes, the responsibility for which the parties have specifically agreed to allocate to us, as well as any taxes and losses by reason of or arising from certain breaches by us of representations, covenants, or obligations under the Agreement or the Tax Sharing Agreement and, in certain situations, we will pay to TCCC (1) an amount equal to a portion of the transfer taxes incurred in connection with the separation from Legacy CCE; (2) an amount equal to any detriment to TCCC caused by certain actions (or failures to act) by us in connection with the conduct of our business or outside the ordinary course of business or that are otherwise inconsistent with past practice; and (3) the difference (if any) between the amount of certain tax benefits intended to be available to Legacy CCE following the separation from Legacy CCE and the amount of such benefits actually available to Legacy CCE as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

16

The liabilities assumed by us and our indemnification obligations may be greater than anticipated and may be greater than the amount of cash available to us. If such liabilities or indemnification obligations are larger than anticipated, our financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.

Our stock price may be volatile and could drop precipitously and unexpectedly.

The prices of publicly traded stocks often fluctuate. The price of our common stock may rise or fall dramatically without any change in our business performance. 

An investment in our stock could be affected by a wide variety of factors that relate to our businesses and industry, many of which are outside of our control. For example, the price of our stock could be affected by:

•

Risks and uncertainties relating to our business (including our ability to achieve strategic goals, objectives, and targets over applicable periods), industry performance, and the regulatory environment;

•

Risks and uncertainties relating to our business relationship with TCCC;

•

The effects of adverse financial conditions in the territories in which we operate and a general downturn in the economy;

•

Increased volatility in foreign exchange rates affecting our businesses or results of operations;

•

Customer losses, increases in operating costs, and business disruption, including disruption of supply or shortages of raw materials and other supplies;

•

Adverse effects on relationships with employees;

•

Adverse effects of governmental, legal, or regulatory policies that may be enacted; and

•

Social and political conditions such as war, political unrest and terrorism, pandemics or natural disasters, unfavorable economic conditions, or increased volatility in foreign exchange rates.

In addition, if our financial results in any period fail to meet the investment community's expectations, there could be an immediate adverse impact on our stock price.

If the Merger or certain structuring steps Legacy CCE took prior to the Merger are determined to be taxable, CCE and Legacy CCE shareowners could be subject to a material amount of taxes, and we may have indemnification obligations to TCCC.

The exchange of the consideration in the Merger for our stock is generally intended to qualify under Section 355 of the Code as a tax-free transaction to us and, except to the extent of the cash received, to participating holders of our stock. In addition, the distribution of the stock of Enterprises KOC Acquisition Company (Canadian Holdco) to Bottling Holdings (International) Inc. (Internal Spin-Off) is intended to qualify under Section 355 as a tax-free transaction. There can be no absolute assurance, however, that these transactions will qualify for tax-free treatment. If either transaction does not qualify for tax-free treatment, our resulting tax liability may be substantial.

The Merger was conditioned on the issuance of the private letter ruling received by Legacy CCE from the IRS, and Legacy CCE and TCCC each received opinions from their counsel regarding, among other things, the satisfaction of certain requirements for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code on which the IRS will not rule. The ruling and the opinions of counsel were based, in part, on assumptions and representations as to factual matters made by, among others, Legacy CCE and TCCC, which, if incorrect, could

have an adverse effect on the conclusions reached in the IRS ruling and legal opinions. Consistent with IRS policy, the ruling does not address certain material legal issues that could affect the conclusions reached in the ruling, and the IRS may raise such issues upon a subsequent examination. Opinions of counsel are not binding upon the IRS or the courts, the conclusions in the opinions of counsel could be challenged by the IRS, and a court could sustain such a challenge. In such event, the transactions may not qualify for tax-free treatment. 

If the Merger does not qualify for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code, Legacy CCE would recognize taxable gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of our stock held by it immediately before the Merger over Legacy CCE's tax basis in the stock. If the Internal Spin-Off does not qualify for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code, Legacy CCE would have taxable income in an amount up to the fair market value of the stock of Canadian Holdco. 

In addition, if the Merger does not qualify for tax-free treatment, the exchange by the holders of Legacy CCE stock in the Merger would be a taxable exchange, and each holder of our stock that participates in the Merger would recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between (1) the sum of the fair market value of the shares of our stock and cash received, and (2) the holder's tax basis in Legacy CCE stock surrendered in the exchange. 

17

Under the Tax Sharing Agreement, we have indemnified TCCC and its affiliates with respect to any taxes, penalties, and interest resulting from the failure of the transactions to qualify for tax-free treatment described under Section 355 of the Code, except for (1) any taxes and losses due to the inaccuracy of certain representations or failure to comply with certain covenants by TCCC (also applicable to actions or failures to act by Legacy CCE and its subsidiaries following the completion of the Merger), and (2) 50 percent of certain taxes and losses not due to the failure to comply with any obligation by any party to the Tax Sharing Agreement. We have not indemnified any individual shareowner for any taxes that may be incurred by such shareowner in connection with the Merger.

The Merger and the Internal Spin-Off may be taxable to Legacy CCE if there is an acquisition of 50 percent or more of the outstanding common stock of us or Legacy CCE and may result in indemnification obligations from us to TCCC.

Even if the Merger and the Internal Spin-Off otherwise qualify for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code, they would result in a significant U.S. federal income tax liability to Legacy CCE (but not holders of Legacy CCE stock) under Section 355(e) of the Code if one or more persons acquire a 50 percent or greater interest (measured by vote or value) in the stock of us or Legacy CCE as part of a plan or series of related transactions that includes the Merger. Current tax law generally creates a presumption that any acquisition of the stock of us or Legacy CCE within two years before or after the Merger is part of a plan that includes the Merger, although the parties may be able to challenge that presumption. The process for determining whether an acquisition is part of a plan under these rules is complex and based on the individual facts and circumstances of a particular case. Notwithstanding the opinions of counsel or the rulings that have been obtained in connection with the private letter ruling, Legacy CCE or CCE could undergo a prohibited change in ownership resulting in substantial tax liabilities to Legacy CCE, which could have a material adverse effect on us and, as a result, the value of our shares. 

If the Merger is determined to be taxable under Section 355(e) of the Code, Legacy CCE would recognize a gain equal to the excess of the fair market value of our stock held by it immediately before the Merger over its tax basis in such shares. If this occurred, we could be required under the Tax Sharing Agreement to indemnify TCCC and its affiliates for any resulting taxes, unless such tax liability resulted from a breach by TCCC or Legacy CCE of their covenants or obligations under the Tax Sharing Agreement.

The tax-free distribution by Legacy CCE could result in potentially significant limitations on our ability to pursue strategic transactions, equity or available debt financing, or other transactions that might otherwise maximize the value of our business and could potentially result in significant tax-related liabilities to us. 

In the Tax Sharing Agreement, we agreed (1) to effect the Merger and separation from Legacy CCE in a manner consistent with the private letter ruling, tax opinions, and related representations and covenants; (2) to comply with the representations made in connection with the private letter ruling and tax opinions; and (3) not to take any action, or fail to take any action, which action or failure would be inconsistent with the private letter ruling, opinions, or related representations and covenants. In addition, except in the circumstances set forth in the next sentence, we have agreed that, for a period of two years after the Merger, we will not take certain actions, including:

•

The redemption, recapitalization, repurchase, or acquisition by CCE of our stock (but not including planned open market purchases aggregating less than 20 percent of our outstanding stock);

•

The issuance by us of stock, warrants, or convertible debt that would, combined with other changes in ownership, result in a 40 percent or greater change in our ownership;

•

The liquidation of CCE;

•

A merger or consolidation involving us that would, combined with other changes of ownership, result in a 40 percent or greater change in our ownership; or

•

The disposition of assets except in the ordinary course of business.

However, an action generally will not be restricted if (1) TCCC consents to the action, (2) we obtain a ruling from the IRS to the effect that the action will not affect the private letter ruling, or (3) we obtain an unqualified opinion of counsel to the effect that the action will not affect the private letter ruling or opinions of counsel. 

We are generally required to indemnify TCCC, Legacy CCE, and their affiliates for any losses resulting from a failure to comply with our obligations under the Tax Sharing Agreement. As a result, we may be limited in our ability to pursue strategic transactions, equity or available debt financing, or other transactions that might otherwise maximize the value of our business. Also, our potential indemnity obligation under the Tax Sharing Agreement may discourage, delay, or prevent a change of control transaction for some period of time following the Merger.

18