Set forth below are some of the risks and uncertainties that, if they were to occur, could materially and adversely affect our business or that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated
by the forward-looking statements contained in this report and the other public statements we make. 

Forward-looking statements involve matters that are not historical facts. Because these statements involve anticipated events or conditions, forward-looking
statements often include words such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “can,” “could,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,” “plan,” “project,”
“should,” “target,” “will,” “would,” or similar expressions. 

Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 

•

 Projections of revenues, income, net income per share, capital expenditures, dividends, capital structure, or other financial measures; 

•

 Descriptions of anticipated plans or objectives of our management for operations, products, or services; 

•

 Forecasts of performance; and 

•

 Assumptions regarding any of the foregoing. 

For example, our forward-looking statements include our expectations regarding:

•

 Net income per diluted common share; 

•

 Operating income growth; 

•

 Volume growth; 

•

 Net price per case growth; 

•

 Cost of goods per case growth; 

•

 Concentrate cost increases from TCCC; 

•

 Return on invested capital (ROIC); 

•

 Capital expenditures; and 

•

 Developments in accounting standards. 

Do not unduly rely on forward-looking statements. They represent our expectations about the future and are not guarantees. Forward-looking statements are only as of
the date they are made, and, except as required by law, might not be updated to reflect changes as they occur after the forward-looking statements are made. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

We may not be able to respond successfully to changes in the marketplace. 

We operate in the highly competitive beverage industry and face strong competition from other general and specialty beverage companies. Our response to continued
and increased competitor and customer consolidations and marketplace competition may result in lower than expected net pricing of our products. Our ability to gain or maintain share of sales or gross margins may be limited by the actions of our
competitors, who may have advantages in setting their prices because of lower cost of raw materials. Competitive pressures in the markets in which we operate may cause channel and product mix to shift away from more profitable channels and packages.

17 

Table of Contents

If we are unable to maintain or increase our volume in higher-margin products and in packages sold through
higher-margin channels (e.g. immediate consumption), our pricing and gross margins could be adversely affected. Our efforts to improve pricing may result in lower than expected volume and/or revenue. In addition, our efforts to increase volume
through new products and packages may negatively impact our existing and, in some cases, more profitable products and packages. For example, our new 16-ounce package could draw customers and consumers away from our more profitable 20-ounce package.

Our sales can be adversely impacted by the health and stability of the general
economy. 

Unfavorable changes in general economic conditions,
such as a recession or prolonged economic slowdown in the territories in which we do business, may reduce the demand for certain of our products and otherwise adversely affect our sales. For example, economic forces may cause consumers to purchase
more private-label brands, which are generally sold at a price point lower than our products, or to defer purchases of beverage products altogether. Additionally, consumers that do purchase our products may choose to shift away from purchasing our
higher-margin products and packages sold through immediate consumption and other more highly profitable channels. For example, the difficult macroeconomic conditions in the U.S. during 2008 contributed to lower sales of our higher-margin packages,
particularly our 20-ounce sparkling beverages and water, which declined low double-digits, and limited the growth in some higher-margin emerging beverage categories. Adverse economic conditions could also increase the likelihood of customer
delinquencies and bankruptcies, which would increase the risk of uncollectibility of certain accounts. Each of these factors could adversely affect our revenue, price realization, gross margins, and/or our overall financial condition and operating
results. 

Concerns about health and wellness could further reduce the demand for
some of our products. 

Health and wellness trends throughout the
marketplace have resulted in a decreased demand for regular soft drinks and an increased desire for more low-calorie soft drinks, water, isotonics, energy drinks, coffee-flavored beverages, teas, and beverages with natural sweeteners. Our failure to
offset the decline in sales of our regular soft drinks and to provide the types of products that some of our customers may prefer could adversely affect our business and financial results. 

Our business success is dependent upon our relationship with TCCC. 

Under the express terms of our license agreements with TCCC: 

•

 There are no limits on the prices TCCC may charge us for concentrate. 

•

 Much of the marketing and promotional support is at the discretion of TCCC. Programs currently in effect or under discussion contain requirements, or are subject to
conditions, established by TCCC that we may be unable to achieve or satisfy. The terms of the product licenses from TCCC contain no express obligation for TCCC to participate in future programs or continue past levels of payments into the future.

•

 Apart from our perpetual rights in the U.S. to brands carrying the trademarks “Coke” or “Coca-Cola,” our other license agreements state that they are for
fixed terms, and most of them are renewable only at the discretion of TCCC at the conclusion of their current terms. A decision by TCCC not to renew a current fixed-term license agreement at the end of its term could substantially and adversely
affect our financial results. 

•

 We must obtain approval from TCCC to acquire any independent bottler of Coca-Cola or to dispose of one of our Coca-Cola bottling territories. 

In August 2007, we entered into a 36-month agreement with TCCC to distribute only
mutually agreed upon new products relating to our U.S. territory. As a result, during that period, we are more dependent on product innovation from TCCC and do not have as much latitude to introduce new products from other licensors into our
portfolio without some form of cooperation from TCCC. 

18 

Table of Contents

We have infrastructure programs in place with TCCC. Should we not be able to satisfy the requirements of those
programs, and we are unable to agree on an alternative solution, TCCC may be able to seek a partial refund of amounts previously paid. 

Disagreements with TCCC concerning other business issues may lead TCCC to act adversely to our interests with respect to the relationships described above. For
example, in September 2008, TCCC increased the price we pay for sparkling beverage concentrate by approximately 7.5 percent and permanently eliminated $35 million in annual marketing funding. TCCC’s actions were in response to the marketplace
pricing action we took in September 2008 to cover a portion of our 2008 cost of sales increase. In addition, certain cost savings and business improvement initiatives that we plan to implement in North America in 2009 and beyond rely heavily on the
TCCC’s participation and cooperation. We may be unable to realize the full benefit of our planned initiatives should TCCC not participate as we anticipate. 

Our business in Europe is vulnerable to product being imported from outside our territories, which adversely affects our sales. 

Certain of our European territories, Great Britain in particular, are susceptible to
the import of non-CCE manufactured products of TCCC by bottlers from countries outside our European territories where prices and costs are lower. During 2008, we estimate that imported product negatively impacted the gross profit of our European
Bottlers by approximately $40 million to $55 million. 

Increases in costs or
limitation of supplies of raw materials could hurt our financial results. 

If there are increases in the costs of raw materials, ingredients, or packaging materials, such as aluminum, HFCS (sweetener), PET (plastic), fuel, or other cost items, and we are unable to pass the increased costs on to our
customers in the form of higher prices, our financial results could be adversely affected. We primarily use supplier pricing agreements and, at times, use derivative financial instruments to manage the volatility and market risk with respect to
certain commodities. Generally, these hedging instruments establish the purchase price for these commodities in advance of the time of delivery. As such, it is possible that these hedging instruments may lock us into prices that are ultimately
greater than the actual market price at the time of delivery. For example, during 2009, we expect our cost for certain commodities to be substantially higher than market prices as a result of supply agreements and hedging instruments that have
locked us into higher prices. 

Due to the increased volatility and
tightness of the capital and credit markets, certain of our suppliers have indicated they may restrict our ability to lock in prices beyond the agreements we currently have in place. In light of this, we are exploring alternatives to manage our risk
with respect to these commodities. Our inability to implement alternative solutions could expose us to additional market risk and earnings volatility with respect to the purchase of these commodities. 

If suppliers of raw materials, ingredients, packaging materials, or other cost items,
such as fuel or water, are affected by strikes, weather conditions, abnormally high demand, governmental controls, national emergencies, natural disasters, or other events, and we are unable to obtain the materials from an alternate source, our cost
of sales, revenues, and ability to manufacture and distribute product could be adversely affected. For example, throughout 2007, certain areas in the Southeast U.S. faced record-breaking drought conditions. As a result, numerous U.S. state and local
governments implemented temporary restrictions on the use of water. To date, the restrictions imposed on the use of water have not caused a significant disruption at our affected production facilities. However, should drought conditions exist for a
prolonged period of time, or should similar conditions occur in other areas in which we do business, it is possible that our ability to manufacture and distribute product and/or our cost to do so could be adversely affected. 

In recent years, there has been consolidation among suppliers of certain of our raw
materials. The reduction in the number of competitive sources of supply could have an adverse effect upon our ability to negotiate the lowest costs and, in light of our relatively small in-plant raw material inventory levels, has the potential for
causing interruptions in our supply of raw materials. 

19 

Table of Contents

With the introduction of Monster energy drinks into our product portfolio during 2008, and Fuze, Campbell’s,
and glacéau products during 2007, we have become increasingly reliant on purchased finished goods from external sources versus our internal production. As a result, we are subject to incremental risk including, but not limited to, product
availability, price variability, product quality, and production capacity shortfalls for externally purchased finished goods. 

Miscalculation of our need for infrastructure investment could impact our financial results. 

Projected requirements of our infrastructure investments may differ from actual levels if our volume growth is not as we anticipate.
Our infrastructure investments are generally long-term in nature and, therefore, it is possible that investments made today may not generate our expected return due to future changes in the marketplace. Significant changes from our expected need for
and/or returns on cold drink equipment, fleet, technology, and supply chain infrastructure investments could adversely affect our financial results. 

The level of our indebtedness could restrict our operating flexibility and limit our ability to incur additional debt to fund future needs. 

As of December 31, 2008, we had approximately $9.0 billion of total consolidated
debt (including capital leases), of which $1.8 billion is due in the next 12 months. Our significant level of indebtedness requires us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of principal and interest,
thereby reducing the funds available to us for other purposes. Our substantial indebtedness can negatively impact our operations by (1) limiting our ability and/or increasing the cost to obtain additional funding for working capital, capital
expenditures, strategic acquisitions, and general corporate purposes; (2) increasing our vulnerability to economic downturns and adverse industry conditions by limiting our ability to react to changing economic and business conditions; and
(3) exposing us to a risk that a significant decrease in cash flows from operations could make it difficult for us to meet our debt service requirements. 

With our level of indebtedness, access to the capital and credit markets is vital. The capital and credit markets have become more volatile and tight as a result
of adverse conditions that have caused the failure and near failure of a number of large financial services companies. If the capital and credit markets continue to experience volatility and the availability of funds remains limited, we will incur
increased costs associated with issuing commercial paper and/or other debt instruments. In addition, it is possible that our ability to access the capital and credit markets may be limited by these or other factors, such as our current deficit in
shareowners’ equity, at a time when we would like, or need, to do so, which could have an impact on our ability to refinance maturing debt and/or react to changing economic and business conditions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at this time,
we believe that available short-term and long-term capital resources are sufficient to fund our working capital requirements, scheduled debt payments, interest payments, capital expenditures, benefit plan contributions, income tax obligations,
dividends to our shareowners, any contemplated acquisitions, and share repurchases for the foreseeable future. 

Unexpected changes in interest or non-U.S. currency exchange rates, or changes in our debt rating, could harm our financial position. 

Changes from our expectations for interest and non-U.S. currency exchange rates can have a material impact on our financial results. For example,
during 2007, non-U.S. currency exchange rate changes added approximately 5 percent to our diluted earnings per share. We may not be able to completely mitigate the effect of significant interest rate or non-U.S. currency exchange rate changes.
Changes in our debt rating could also have a material adverse effect on our interest costs and financing sources. Our debt rating can be materially influenced by a number of factors including, but not limited to, acquisitions, investment decisions,
and capital management activities of TCCC and/or changes in the debt rating of TCCC. As of December 31, 2008, approximately 17 percent of our debt portfolio was comprised of floating-rate debt. 

Unexpected resolutions of legal contingencies could impact our financial results.

Changes from expectations for the resolution of outstanding
legal claims and assessments could have a material impact on our financial results. For example, our 2007 financial results included the reversal of a $13 million liability related to the dismissal of a legal case in Texas, while our 2006 financial
results were negatively impacted by $14 million in legal settlements. Our failure to abide by laws, orders, or other legal commitments could subject us to fines, penalties, or other damages. 

20 

Table of Contents

Legislative changes that affect our distribution and packaging could reduce demand for our products or increase our costs.

Our business model is dependent on the availability of our
various products and packages in multiple channels and locations versus those of our competitors to better satisfy the needs of our customers and consumers. Laws that restrict our ability to distribute products in schools and other venues, as well
as laws that require deposits for certain types of packages or those that limit our ability to design new packages or market certain packages, could negatively impact financial results. In addition, taxes imposed by certain countries and U.S. states
and localities, such as the proposed State of New York sales tax on regular sparkling beverages, could cause consumers to shift away from purchasing our products. 

Additional taxes could harm our financial results. 

Our tax filings are subjected to audit by tax authorities in most jurisdictions in which we do business. These audits may result in
assessments of additional taxes that are subsequently resolved with the authorities or potentially through the courts. Currently, there are matters that may lead to assessments involving certain of our subsidiaries, some of which may not be resolved
for many years. An assessment of additional taxes resulting from these audits could have a material impact on our financial results. 

Adverse weather conditions could limit the demand for our products. 

Our sales are influenced to some extent by weather conditions in the markets in which we operate. In particular, cold or wet weather in Europe during the summer
months may have a temporary negative impact on the demand for our products and contribute to lower sales, which could have an adverse effect on our financial results. 

If we are unable to renew collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms, experience employee strikes or work stoppages, or if changes
are made to employment laws or regulations, our business and financial results could be negatively impacted. 

Approximately 33 percent of our employees are covered by collective bargaining agreements or local agreements. Our bargaining agreements in North America expire at
various dates over the next five years, including 31 agreements in 2009. The majority of our European agreements expire at various dates through 2010. The inability to renegotiate subsequent agreements on satisfactory terms could result in work
interruptions or stoppages, which could adversely affect our financial results. The terms and conditions of existing or renegotiated agreements could also increase the cost to us, or otherwise affect our ability, to fully implement operational
changes to enhance our efficiency. We currently believe, however, that we will be able to renegotiate subsequent agreements upon satisfactory terms. 

Our operations can be negatively impacted by employee strikes and work stoppages. For example, during the second quarter of 2008, we experienced a two-week labor
disruption at two of our production facilities in France that interrupted production and customer deliveries across our continental European territories and caused our volume and operating income during the second quarter of 2008 to be negatively
impacted. 

Our labor costs represent a significant component of our
operating expenses and cost of sales. As a result, changes in employment laws or regulations that provide additional rights and privileges to employees could cause our labor and/or litigation costs to increase materially. 

Inaccurate estimates or assumptions used to prepare our Consolidated Financial Statements could
lead to unexpected financial results. 

Our Consolidated
Financial Statements and accompanying Notes include estimates and assumptions made by management that affect reported amounts. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates and, if so, that difference could adversely affect our
financial results. 

We perform annual impairment tests of our franchise
license intangible assets and goodwill. During 2008, we recorded noncash impairment charges totaling $7.6 billion to reduce the carrying amount of our North American franchise license intangible assets to their estimated fair value based upon the
results of our interim and annual impairment test of these assets. The fair values calculated in our impairment tests are determined using discounted cash flow models involving several assumptions. These assumptions include, but are not limited to,
anticipated operating income growth rates, our long-term anticipated operating income growth rate, the discount rate (including a specific reporting unit risk premium), and estimates of capital charges for our franchise license intangible assets.
The assumptions that are used are based upon what we believe a hypothetical marketplace participant would use in estimating fair value. In developing these assumptions, we compare the resulting estimated enterprise value to our observable market
enterprise value at the time the analysis is performed. For additional information about our franchise license intangible assets, refer to Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

21 

Table of Contents

If we, TCCC or other licensors and bottlers of products we distribute are unable to maintain a positive brand image or if
product liability claims or product recalls are brought against us, TCCC, or other licensors and bottlers of products we distribute our business, financial results, and brand image may be negatively affected. 

Our success is dependent on our products having a positive brand image with our
customers and consumers. Product quality issues, real or imagined, or allegations of product contamination, even when false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of the affected brands and may cause customers and consumers to choose other products.
We may be liable if the consumption of our products causes injury or illness. We may also be required to recall products if they become contaminated or are damaged or mislabeled. We have specific product recall insurance, but a significant product
liability or other product-related legal judgment against us or a widespread recall of our products could negatively impact our business, financial results, and brand image. 

Additionally, adverse publicity surrounding obesity concerns, water usage, labor relations and the like could negatively affect our
overall reputation and our products’ acceptance by consumers, even when the publicity results from actions occurring outside our territory or control. For example, on certain college and university campuses, our sales of bottled and canned
Coca-Cola products have in some instances been boycotted or discontinued because of a controversy alleging crimes against union leaders and workers at a Coca-Cola bottler in Colombia. TCCC has denied any involvement in the claimed incidents, but the
allegations have been taken up by outside groups who have called for the boycott or removal of Coca-Cola products sold on college and university campuses. This has occurred at several large campuses within our territories in the U.S., Canada, and
Great Britain. We have no responsibility for the Colombian bottling operations, which have never been part of our territories. If the Colombian allegations remain unresolved, or if other similar controversies arise, the boycott or removal of our
products from other college and university campuses could occur. Similarly, if product quality related issues arise from product not manufactured by CCE, but imported into our European territories, our reputation and consumer goodwill could be
damaged. 

Technology failures could disrupt our operations and negatively impact
our business. 

We increasingly rely on information technology
systems to process, transmit, store, and protect electronic information. For example, our production and distribution facilities, inventory management, and driver handheld devices all utilize information technology to maximize efficiencies and
minimize costs. Furthermore, a significant portion of the communications between our personnel, customers, and suppliers depends on information technology. Like all companies, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to a variety of
interruptions due to events that may be beyond our control including, but not limited to, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, hackers, and other security issues. We have technology and information
security processes and disaster recovery plans in place to mitigate our risk to these vulnerabilities, but these measures may not be adequate or implemented properly to ensure that our operations are not disrupted. In addition, a miscalculation of
the level of investment needed to ensure our technology solutions are current and up-to-date as technology advances and evolves could result in disruptions in our business should the software, hardware, or maintenance of such items become
out-of-date or obsolete. Furthermore, when we implement new systems and/or upgrade existing system modules (e.g. SAP), there is a risk that our business may be temporarily disrupted during the period of implementation. 

We may not fully realize the expected cost savings and/or operating efficiencies from our
restructuring and outsourcing programs. 

We have implemented,
and plan to continue to implement, restructuring programs to support the implementation of key strategic initiatives designed to achieve long-term sustainable growth. These programs are intended to maximize our operating effectiveness and efficiency
and to reduce our cost. We cannot be assured that we will achieve or sustain the targeted benefits under these programs, which could result in further restructuring efforts. In addition, we cannot be assured that the benefits, even if achieved, will
be adequate to meet our long-term growth expectations. The implementation of key elements of these programs, such as employee job reductions, may have an adverse impact on our business, particularly in the near-term. 

22 

Table of Contents

In addition, we have initiated the outsourcing of certain financial transaction processing services to a
third-party provider. In the future, we may outsource other functions to achieve further efficiencies and cost savings. If the third-party providers do not supply the level of service expected with our outsourcing initiatives, we may incur
additional costs to correct the errors and may not achieve the level of cost savings originally expected. Disruptions in transaction processing due to the ineffectiveness of our third-party providers could lead to further processing inefficiencies.

Increases in the cost of employee benefits, such as pension and other
postretirement benefits, could impact our financial results and cash flow. 

Unfavorable changes in the cost of our pension retirement benefits, other postretirement medical benefits, and current employees’ medical benefits could materially impact our financial results and cash flow. We sponsor a
number of defined benefit pension plans covering substantially all of our employees in North America and Europe. Our estimates of the amount and timing of our future funding obligations for our defined benefit pension plans are based upon various
assumptions. These assumptions include, but are not limited to, the discount rate, projected return on plan assets, compensation increase rates, mortality rates, retirement patterns, and turnover rates. In addition, the amount and timing of our
pension funding obligations can be influenced by funding requirements that are established by the Employee Retirement Income and Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), the Pension Protection Act, Congressional Acts, or other governing bodies. During 2008, we
contributed approximately $154 million to our defined benefit pension and other postretirement plans. As a result of significant declines in the funded status of our pension plans during 2008, it is probable that our future pension plan costs and
contributions will be significantly greater than our 2008 amounts. 

We
participate in various multi-employer pension plans in the U.S. The majority of these plans are underfunded. During 2008, we recorded a withdrawal liability totaling $8 million related to the anticipated withdrawal from several of the plans in which
we participate principally in connection with our restructuring activities. If, in the future, we choose to withdraw from additional plans, we would likely need to record additional withdrawal liabilities, some of which may be material. 

Global or regional catastrophic events could impact our business and financial results.

Our business can be affected by large-scale terrorist acts,
especially those directed against the U.S. or other major industrialized countries; the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities; major natural disasters; or widespread outbreaks of infectious disease such as avian influenza. Such events in the
geographic regions in which we do business could have a material impact on our sales volume, cost of raw materials, earnings, and financial condition. 

Disagreements among bottlers could prevent us from achieving our business goals. 

Disagreements among members of the Coca-Cola system could complicate negotiations and planning with customers, suppliers, and other
business partners and adversely affect our ability to fully implement our business plans and achieve the expected results from the execution of those plans, including the expected benefits from our joint initiative with TCCC to create an integrated
supply chain company.