.

 You should consider carefully the specific risk factors set forth below
and other information contained or incorporated by reference in this joint
Annual Report on Form 10-K, as these are important factors, among others, that
could cause our actual results to differ from our expected or historical
results. You should note that the risks described below are not the only risks
we face. The risks listed below are only those risks relating to our operations
that we consider material. There may be additional risks, that we currently
consider not to be material, or which we are not currently aware of, that could
have an adverse effect on our future results. Some of the statements in this
section and elsewhere in this joint Annual Report on Form 10-K are
"forward-looking statements." For a discussion of those statements and of other
factors to consider see the "Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect
Future Results" section below.

 25

o General economic and business conditions may adversely impact the
 levels of our potential vacationers' discretionary income and this
 group's confidence in the U.S. economy and, consequently, reduce our
 brands' net revenue yields and profitability.

 Demand for cruises is dependent on the underlying economic strength of the
countries from which cruise companies source their passengers. Adverse changes
in the economic climate, such as higher fuel prices, higher interest rates and
changes in governmental policies could reduce the discretionary income or
consumer confidence in the countries from which we source our guests.
Consequently this may negatively affect demand for vacations, including cruise
vacations, which are a discretionary purchase. Decreases in demand could lead to
price discounting which, in turn, could reduce the profitability of our
business.

o International political and other world events affecting safety and
 security could adversely affect the demand for cruises and could
 harm our future sales and profitability.

 Demand for cruises and other vacation options has been, and is expected to
continue to be, affected by the public's attitude towards the safety and
security of travel. Events such as the terrorist attacks in the U.S. on
September 11, 2001 and the threats of additional attacks in the U.S. and
elsewhere, concerns of an outbreak of additional hostilities and national
government travel advisories, together with the resulting political instability
and concerns over safety and security aspects of traveling, have had a
significant adverse impact on demand and pricing in the travel and vacation
industry and may continue to do so in the future. Decreases in demand could lead
to price discounting which, in turn, could reduce the profitability of our
business.

o We may lose business to competitors throughout the vacation market.

 We face significant competition from other cruise lines, both on the basis
of cruise pricing and also in terms of the types of ships, services and
destinations we offer to cruise passengers. In addition, we may need to enhance
our older ships with current amenities in order for those ships to be more
competitive with other cruise ships. Our principal competitors include the
companies listed in this joint Annual Report on Form 10-K under Part 1, Item 1.
Business, B. - "Cruise Operations - Competition."

 However, we operate in the vacation market, and cruising is only one of
many alternatives for people choosing a vacation. We therefore risk losing
business not only to other cruise lines, but also to other vacation operators
that provide other travel and leisure options, including hotels, resorts and
package holidays and tours.

 In the event that we do not compete effectively with other cruise
companies and other vacation alternatives, our results of operations and
financial condition could be adversely affected.

o Overcapacity within the cruise and land-based vacation industry
 could have a negative impact on net revenue yields and increase
 operating costs, thus resulting in ship, goodwill and/or trademark
 asset impairments, all of which could adversely affect
 profitability.

 Cruising capacity has grown in recent years and we expect it to continue
to increase over the next five years as all of the major cruise vacation
companies are expected to introduce new ships. In order to utilize new capacity,
the cruise vacation industry will probably need to increase its share of the
overall vacation market. The overall vacation market is also facing increases in
land-based vacation capacity, which also will impact us. Failure to increase our
share of the overall vacation market is one of a number of factors that could
have a negative impact on our net revenue yields. In some prior years, our net
revenue yields were negatively impacted as a result of a variety of factors,
including capacity increases. Should net revenue yields be negatively impacted,
our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected,
including the impairment of the value of our ships, goodwill and/or trademark
assets. In addition, increased cruise capacity could impact our ability to
retain and attract qualified crew at competitive costs and, therefore, increase
our shipboard employee costs.

o Accidents, unusual weather conditions or natural disasters and other
 incidents affecting the health, safety, security and vacation
 satisfaction of passengers could have an adverse affect on our sales
 and profitability.

 26

 The operation of cruise ships involves the risk of accidents, including
those caused by the improper operation of our ships, passenger and crew
illnesses such as the spread of contagious diseases, mechanical failures, fires,
collisions and other incidents at sea or while in port, which may bring into
question passenger safety, health, security and vacation satisfaction, and
thereby adversely effect future industry performance, sales and profitability.
In addition, our cruises and port facilities may be impacted by unusual weather
patterns or natural disasters, such as hurricanes and earthquakes. For example,
in 2005 Hurricane Wilma caused the temporary closing of cruise ports in South
Florida and also destroyed our pier facility in Cozumel, Mexico, which is not
expected to re-open until late-2008. It is possible that we could be forced to
alter itineraries or cancel a cruise or a series of cruises due to these or
other factors, which would have an adverse affect on sales and profitability.

o Adverse publicity concerning the cruise industry in general, or us
 in particular, could affect our reputation and harm our future sales
 and profitability.

 Maintaining a good reputation is critical to our business. Reports,
whether true or not, of ship accidents and other incidents at sea or while in
port, missing passengers, inappropriate crew or passenger behavior, passenger or
crew illnesses such as incidents of stomach flu or other contagious diseases,
security breaches, terrorist threats and attacks and other adverse events can
result in negative publicity. Anything that damages our reputation (whether or
not justified), including adverse publicity about the safety and passenger
satisfaction of cruising, or the vacation industry in general, could have an
adverse affect impact on demand, which could lead to price discounting and a
reduction in our net income.

o We are subject to many economic and political factors, including
 changes in and compliance with numerous rules and regulations that
 are beyond our control, which could result in increases in our
 operating, financing and tax costs and could harm future sales and
 profitability.

 Some of our operating costs, including fuel, food, insurance, payroll and
security costs, are subject to increases because of market forces, economic or
political instability or decisions beyond our control. In addition, interest
rates, currency fluctuations and our ability to obtain debt or equity financing
are dependent on many economic and political factors. Actions by U.S. and
non-U.S. taxing jurisdictions could also cause an increase in our costs.

 For example, in 2006, 2005 and 2004 fuel costs accounted for 14.4%, 11.9%
and 9.3%, respectively, of our total cruise operating expenses. Economic and
political conditions in certain parts of the world make it difficult to predict
the price of fuel in the future. Future increases in the cost of fuel globally
would increase the cost of our cruise ship operations.

 In addition, the State of Alaska recently instituted new state taxes which
will impact the cruise industry operating in Alaska, and could result in a
reduction in demand for Alaska cruises. It is possible that other states,
countries or ports of call that we regularly visit may decide to also assess new
taxes specifically targeted to the cruise industry, which could increase our
operating costs and/or could decrease the demand for cruises and ultimately
decrease our net revenue yields.

 Increases in operating, financing and tax costs could adversely affect our
results because we may not be able to recover these increased costs through
price increases charged to our passengers.

o Environmental legislation and regulations could affect operations
 and increase our operating costs.

 Some environmental groups have lobbied for more stringent regulation of
cruise ships. Some groups have also generated negative publicity about the
cruise industry and its environmental impact. The U.S. Congress, the IMO and the
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency periodically consider new laws and
regulations to manage cruise ship pollution. In addition, various other
regulatory agencies in the States of Alaska, California, Florida, Hawaii, Maine,
Washington and elsewhere, including European regulatory organizations, have
enacted or are considering new regulations or policies, which could adversely
impact the cruise industry. See Part I, Item 1. Business, B. - "Cruise
Operations - Governmental Regulations" for additional information.

 27

 Current and future environmental laws and regulations, or liabilities
arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances or
to vessel discharges, could increase our cost of compliance or otherwise
materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and/or financial
condition.

o New regulations of health, safety, security and other regulatory
 issues could increase our operating costs or negatively effect our
 bookings and future net revenue yields and adversely affect net
 income.

 We are subject to various international, national, state and local health,
safety and security laws, regulations and treaties. See Part I, Item 1.
Business, B. - "Cruise Operations-Governmental Regulations" for a detailed
discussion of these regulatory issues.

 We believe that health, safety, security and other regulatory issues will
continue to be areas of focus by relevant government authorities in the U.S.,
Europe and elsewhere. Resulting legislation or regulations, or changes in
existing legislation or regulations, could impact our operations and would
likely subject us to increasing compliance costs in the future.

 Pursuant to the Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative, by the earlier of
June 1, 2009 or 90 days after the sanctioning of a People Access Security
Service ("PASS") card, U.S. citizens will be required to carry a passport or, if
available, a PASS card, for travel by land or sea to or from certain
countries/areas that are currently exempt from passport requirements, such as
the Caribbean, Canada and Mexico. The State Department and the Department of
Homeland Security are collaborating on the development of a PASS card system.
The PASS card is a secure credential that verifies the citizenship and identity
of U.S. nationals who re-enter the United States and is seen as a less expensive
alternative to a passport.

 Since many cruise customers visiting these destinations may not currently
have passports or may not obtain a PASS card if and when available, it is likely
that this will have some negative effect on our bookings and future net revenue
yields when the regulations take effect. There are a number of factors that
could influence the ultimate impact of these regulations, such as customer
travel patterns, the cost and ease of obtaining PASS cards, customer price
sensitivity and the cost and effectiveness of mitigating programs we and others
have established or will establish.

o Delays in ship construction and problems encountered at shipyards
 could reduce our profitability.

 The construction of cruise ships is a complex process and involves risks
similar to those encountered in other sophisticated construction projects,
including delays in completion and delivery. In addition, industrial actions,
insolvency or financial problems of the shipyards building our ships could also
delay or prevent the delivery of our ships under construction. These events
could adversely affect our profitability. However, the impact from a delay in
delivery could be partially mitigated by contractual provisions and refund
guarantees obtained by us. In addition, the consolidation of the European cruise
shipyards in recent years could result in higher prices for future new ship
orders, which could reduce our profitability.

 Finally, as of November 30, 2006, we had entered into foreign currency
swaps to fix the cost in sterling of two of our euro denominated shipbuilding
contracts. If the shipyard with which we have contracted is unable to perform
under the related contracts, the foreign currency swaps related to the
shipyard's shipbuilding contracts would still have to be honored. This might
require us to realize a loss on existing foreign currency swaps without having
the ability to have an offsetting gain on our foreign currency denominated
shipbuilding contracts, thus resulting in an adverse effect on our financial
results.

o Our future operating cash flow may not be sufficient to fund future
 obligations, and we may not be able to obtain additional financing,
 if necessary, on terms that are favorable or consistent with our
 expectations.

 Our forecasted cash flow from future operations may be adversely affected
by various factors including, but not limited to, declines in customer demand,
increased competition, overcapacity, the deterioration in general economic and
business conditions, terrorist attacks, ship accidents and other incidents,
adverse publicity and increases in fuel prices, as well as other factors noted
under these "Risk Factors" and under the "Cautionary Note Concerning Factors
That May Affect Future Results" section below. To the extent that

 28

we are required, or choose, to fund future cash requirements, including future
shipbuilding commitments, from sources other than cash flow from operations,
cash on hand and current external sources of liquidity, including committed
financings, we will have to secure such financing from banks or through the
offering of debt and/or equity securities in the public or private markets.

 Our access to, and the cost of, financing will depend on, among other
things, the maintenance of strong long-term credit ratings. Carnival Corporation
and Carnival plc's senior, unsecured long-term debt ratings are "A3" by Moody's,
"A-" by Standard & Poor's and "A-" by Fitch Ratings. Carnival Corporation's
short-term corporate credit ratings are "Prime-2" by Moody's, "A-2" by Standard
& Poor's and "F2" by Fitch Ratings.

o Geographic regions in which we try to expand our business may be
 slow to develop, and ultimately not develop how we expect, thus
 resulting in the slower growth of our business.

 As we expand our global presence, we enter into new developing markets,
which require, among other things, certain start-up costs that we may not be
able to recover through future revenues that these new markets will generate. In
addition, we cannot be certain that these markets will ultimately develop as we
expect. Accordingly, our business expansion plans may not produce the returns
that we had expected. For instance, we recently entered the Chinese market, and
it is currently too early to determine if it will develop as expected.

o We rely to a large extent on scheduled commercial airline services
 for guest connections and, therefore, increases in the price of, or
 major changes or reduction in commercial airline services, could
 undermine our ability to provide reasonably priced vacation packages
 to our guests.

 Some of our guests depend on scheduled commercial airline services to
transport them to or from the ports where our cruises embark or disembark.
Increases in the price of airfare would increase the overall vacation price to
our guests and may adversely affect demand for our cruises. In addition, changes
in commercial airline services as a result of strikes, weather or other events,
or the lack of availability due to schedule changes or a high level of airline
bookings could adversely affect our ability to deliver guests to or from our
cruise ships and increase our cost of sales which would, in turn, have an
adverse effect on our results of operations.

o We rely on external sales distribution channels for most of our
 guests bookings and, therefore, major changes in the costs or
 availability of external distribution channels could result in a
 reduction in our sales revenues and net income.

 In 2006, the vast majority of our guests booked their cruises through
independent travel agents, wholesalers and tour operators. These parties
generally sell and market our cruises on a nonexclusive basis. Although we offer
commission and other incentives to them for booking our cruises that are
comparable to those offered by others in the cruise industry, there can be no
guarantee that our competitors will not offer higher commissions and incentives
in the future. In addition, significant disruptions or contractions to these
businesses could have an adverse effect on our sales and related commission
costs.

o The decision to self-insure against various risks or the inability
 to obtain insurance for certain risks at reasonable rates could
 result in higher expenses.

 We seek to maintain comprehensive insurance coverage at commercially
reasonable rates. We believe that our current coverage is adequate to protect us
against most of the significant risks involved in the conduct of our business,
although we do elect to self-insure or use higher deductibles for various risks
to minimize the cost of our insurance coverage. Accordingly, we are not
protected against all risks, which could result in unexpected increases in our
expenses in the event of an incident.

 In addition, a new protocol to the Athens Convention is in the process of
being ratified, which would require some passenger ship operations to maintain
insurance or some other form of financial security, to cover the limits of
liability under the Athens Convention. If the protocol is ratified, we cannot be
certain that affordable and viable insurance markets will be available to
provide the required coverages. If the new protocol is ratified we expect our
insurance costs to increase.

 29

 Finally, we may also be subject to additional premium costs, in amounts
based not only on our own claim records, but also on the claim records of all
other members of the protection and indemnity associations through which we
receive indemnity coverage for tort liability. If we, or other members of our
P&I associations, were to sustain significant losses in the future, our ability
to obtain insurance coverage or coverage at commercially reasonable rates could
be materially adversely affected.

o Disruptions to our information technology networks could result in
 decreases in our net income.

 Our ability to increase revenues and decrease costs, as well as our
ability to serve passengers most effectively, depends in part on the reliability
of our information technology ("IT") networks. We use software and other IT
systems to, among other things, manage our inventory of cabins held for sale and
set their pricing in order to maximize our revenues, and to optimize the
effectiveness and efficiency of our shoreside and shipboard operations. Any
disruption to these computer systems could adversely impact our customer
service, decrease the volume of our business and result in increased costs.
While we have invested and continue to invest in IT security initiatives and
disaster recovery plans, these measures cannot insulate us from IT disruptions
that could result in adverse effects on our operations and net income.

o The continued availability of attractive port destinations for our
 cruise ships could reduce our net revenue yields and net income.

 We believe that attractive port destinations, including ports that are not
overly congested with tourists, are major reasons why our guests choose a cruise
versus an alternative vacation option. The availability of ports, including the
specific port facility at which our guests will embark and disembark, is
affected by a number of factors including, but not limited to, existing capacity
constraints, security concerns, unusual weather patterns and natural disasters,
financial limitations on port development, political instability, exclusivity
arrangements that ports may have with our competitors, local governmental
regulations and charges and local community concerns about both port development
and other adverse impacts on their communities from additional tourists. The
inability to continue to maintain, rebuild and increase our ports of call could
adversely affect our net revenue yields and net income.

o The DLC structure involves risks not associated with the more common
 ways of combining the operations of two companies, and these risks
 may have an adverse effect on the economic performance of the
 companies and/or their respective share prices.

 The DLC structure is a relatively uncommon way of combining the management
and operations of two companies and it involves different issues and risks from
those associated with the other more common ways of effecting a business
combination, such as a merger or exchange offer to create a wholly owned
subsidiary. In our DLC structure, the combination is effected primarily by means
of contracts between Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc and not by operation
of a statute or court order. The legal effect of these contractual rights may be
different from the legal effect of a merger or amalgamation under statute or
court order, and there may be difficulties in enforcing these contractual
rights. Shareholders and creditors of either company might challenge the
validity of the contracts or their lack of standing to enforce rights under
these contracts, and courts may interpret or enforce these contracts in a manner
inconsistent with the express provisions and intentions we included in such
contracts. In addition, shareholders and creditors of other companies might
successfully challenge other DLC structures and establish legal precedents that
could increase the risk of a successful challenge to our DLC structure. We are
maintaining two separate public companies and comply with both Panamanian
corporate law and English company laws and different securities and other
regulatory and stock exchange requirements in the UK and the U.S. This structure
requires more administrative time and cost than was the case for each company
individually, which has an adverse effect on our operating efficiency.

o Changes under the Internal Revenue Code, applicable U.S. income tax
 treaties, and the uncertainty of the DLC structure under the
 Internal Revenue Code may adversely affect the U.S. federal income
 taxation of our U.S. source shipping income. In addition, changes in
 the UK, Italian, German, Australian and other countries' or states'
 income tax laws, regulations or treaties could also adversely affect
 our net income.

 30

 We believe that substantially all of the U.S. source shipping income of
each of Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc qualifies for exemption from U.S.
federal income tax, either under (1) Section 883 of the Internal Revenue Code;
(2) U.S.-Italian income tax treaty; or (3) other applicable U.S. income tax
treaties, and should continue to so qualify under the DLC structure. There is,
however, no existing U.S. federal income tax authority that directly addresses
the tax consequences of implementation of a dual listed company structure for
purposes of Section 883 or any other provision of the Internal Revenue Code or
any income tax treaty and, consequently, these matters are not free from doubt.

 As discussed above, if we did not qualify for exemption from U.S. federal
income taxes we would have higher income taxes and lower net income. Finally,
changes in the income tax laws affecting our cruise businesses in the UK, Italy,
Germany, Australia and elsewhere could result in higher income taxes being
levied on our cruise operations, thus resulting in lower net income.

 See Part I, Item 1. Business, G. - "Taxation" for additional information.

o A small group of shareholders collectively owned, as of January 31,
 2007, approximately 29% of the total combined voting power of our
 outstanding shares and may be able to effectively control the
 outcome of shareholder voting.

 A group of shareholders, consisting of some members of the Arison family,
including Micky Arison, and trusts established for their benefit, beneficially
owned approximately 37% of the outstanding common stock of Carnival Corporation,
which shares represent sufficient shares entitled to constitute a quorum at
shareholder meetings and to cast approximately 29% of the total combined voting
power of Carnival Corporation & plc. Depending upon the nature and extent of the
shareholder vote, this group of shareholders may have the power to effectively
control, or at least to influence substantially, the outcome of certain
shareholder votes and, therefore, the corporate actions requiring such votes.

o Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc are not U.S. corporations, and
 our shareholders may be subject to the uncertainties of a foreign
 legal system in protecting their interests.

 Carnival Corporation's corporate affairs are governed by its third amended
and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws and by
the corporate laws of Panama. Carnival plc is governed by its articles of
association and memorandum of association and by the corporate laws of England
and Wales. The corporate laws of Panama and England and Wales may differ in some
respects from the corporate laws in the U.S.

o Provisions in Carnival Corporation's and Carnival plc's
 constitutional documents may prevent or discourage takeovers and
 business combinations that our shareholders might consider to be in
 their best interests.

 Carnival Corporation's amended articles of incorporation and by-laws and
Carnival plc's articles of association contain provisions that may delay, defer,
prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that our shareholders
consider to be in their best interests. As a result, these provisions may
prevent our shareholders from receiving a premium to the market price of our
shares offered by a bidder in a takeover context. Even in the absence of a
takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the
prevailing market price of our shares if they are viewed as discouraging
takeover attempts in the future.

 Specifically, Carnival Corporation's articles of incorporation contain
provisions that prevent third parties, other than the Arison family and trusts
established for their benefit, from acquiring beneficial ownership of more than
4.9% of its outstanding shares without the consent of Carnival Corporation's
board of directors and provide for the lapse of rights, and sale, of any shares
acquired in excess of that limit. The effect of these provisions may preclude
third parties from seeking to acquire a controlling interest in us in
transactions that shareholders might consider to be in their best interests and
may prevent them from receiving a premium above market price for their shares.
For a description of the reasons for the provisions see Part I, Item 1.
Business, G. - "Taxation- Application of Section 883 of the Internal Revenue
Code."

 31

 Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results

 Some of the statements contained in this joint Annual Report on Form 10-K
are "forward-looking statements" that involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions with respect to us, including some statements concerning future
results, outlook, plans, goals and other events which have not yet occurred.
These statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbors from liability
provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We have tried, wherever possible, to identify
these statements by using words like "will," "may," "believes," "expects,"
"anticipates," "forecast," "future," "intends," "plans," and "estimates" and for
similar expressions.

 Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, there
are many factors that could cause our actual results, performance or
achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied in this joint
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements include those statements
which may impact the forecasting of our earnings per share, net revenue yields,
booking levels, pricing, occupancy, operating, financing and/or tax costs, fuel
costs, cost per available lower berth day, estimates of ship depreciable lives
and/or residual values, outlook or business prospects.

 Certain of the risks we are exposed to are identified in "Management's
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations-
Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results" in Exhibit 13
to this joint Annual Report on Form 10-K and in this Item 1A. "Risk Factors."
These sections contain important cautionary statements and a discussion of many
of the factors that could materially affect the accuracy of our forward-looking
statements and/or adversely affect our business, results of operations and
financial position.

 Forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of
actual results. Subject to any continuing obligations under applicable law or
any relevant listing rules, we expressly disclaim any obligation to disseminate,
after the date of this joint Annual Report on Form 10-K, any updates or
revisions to any such forward-looking statements to reflect any change in
expectations or events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements
are based.