. 

You should consider carefully
the specific risk factors set forth below and the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K, as these are important factors, among others, that could cause our actual results to differ from our expected or historical
results. You should note that the risks listed below are not the only risks we face. The risks described below are only those risks relating to our operations and financial condition that we consider material. There may be additional risks, that we
currently consider not to be material, or which we are not currently aware of, and any of these risks could have the effects set forth above. Some of the statements in this section and elsewhere in this Form 10-K are “forward-looking
statements.” For a discussion of those statements and of other factors to consider see the “Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results” section below. 

•

 General economic and business conditions, including fuel price increases and declines in the securities and real estate markets, and perceptions of these
conditions may adversely impact the levels of our potential vacationers’ discretionary income and net worth and this group’s confidence in their country’
s economy and, consequently, reduce our cruise brands’ net revenue
yields and profitability. 

Demand for cruises is dependent on the underlying perceived or actual economic strength of
the countries from which cruise companies source their guests. Adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate, such as higher fuel prices, higher 

29 

interest rates, stock and real estate market declines and/or volatility, more restrictive credit markets, higher taxes, and changes in governmental policies
could reduce the discretionary income or consumer confidence in the countries from which we source our guests. Consequently this may negatively affect demand for vacations, including cruise vacations, which are a discretionary purchase. Decreases in
demand could lead to price discounting which, in turn, could reduce the profitability of our business. Decreases in discretionary income or consumer confidence could also result in lower onboard revenues, which could also have a negative effect on
our profitability. In addition, these conditions can also impact our suppliers, which can result in disruptions in service and financial losses. 

•

 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could affect our financial results. 

We earn revenues, pay expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the U.S. dollar, including the euro, sterling,
the Australian dollar and the Canadian dollar. In 2008, we derived approximately 50 percent of our revenues from passengers sourced from countries outside of the U. S. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we
must translate revenues and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. In addition, we must report currency transactions in the functional currencies of
our reporting units. Therefore, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against our major currencies, will adversely affect our U.S. dollar reported financial results. 

•

 The international political climate, armed conflicts, terrorist and pirate attacks and threats thereof, and other world events affecting the safety and security
of travel could adversely affect the demand for cruises and could harm our future sales and profitability. 

Demand for
cruises and other vacation options has been, and is expected to continue to be, affected by the public’s attitude towards the safety and security of travel. Events such as the terrorist attacks in the U.S. on September 11, 2001 and the
threats of additional attacks in the U.S. and elsewhere, concerns of an outbreak of additional hostilities and national government travel advisories, together with the resulting political instability and concerns over safety and security aspects of
traveling, have had a significant adverse impact on demand and pricing in the travel and vacation industry in the past, and may have an adverse impact in the future. Decreases in demand could lead to price discounting which, in turn, could reduce
the profitability of our business. 

•

 We may lose business to competitors throughout the vacation market. 

We face significant competition from other cruise lines, both on the basis of cruise pricing and also in terms of the types of ships, services and
destinations being offered to cruise guests. We try to differentiate ourselves from our cruise competitors by offering new itineraries, products and services to our guests, but the acceptance of each offering is not certain and consumers’
preferences are always subject to change. In addition, we may need to enhance our older ships with current innovative amenities in order for those ships to be more competitive with other cruise ships. Our principal competitors include the companies
listed in this Form 10-K under Part I, Item 1. Business. B. – “Cruise Operations – Competition.” 

In addition, we
operate in the vacation market, and cruising is only one of many alternatives for people choosing a vacation. We therefore risk losing business not only to other cruise lines, but also to other vacation operators that provide other travel and
leisure options, including, but not limited to, hotels, resorts, theme parks and land-based casino operators. 

In the event that we do not
compete effectively with other cruise companies and other vacation alternatives, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

•

Overcapacity in the cruise ship and land-based vacation industries could have a negative impact on our net revenue yields and increase operating costs,
thus resulting in ship, goodwill and/or trademark asset impairments, all of which could adversely affect profitability. 

Cruising capacity has grown in recent years and we expect it to continue to increase over the next four years as all of the major cruise vacation companies are expected to introduce new ships. In order to fill new capacity, the cruise
vacation industry will 

30 

probably need to increase its share of the overall vacation market. The overall vacation market is also facing increases in land-based vacation capacity,
which will also impact us. Failure to increase our share of the overall vacation market is one of a number of factors that could have a negative impact on our net revenue yields. In some prior years, our net revenue yields were negatively impacted
as a result of a variety of factors, including capacity increases. Should net revenue yields be negatively impacted, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected, including the impairment of the value of our ships,
goodwill and/or trademark assets. In addition, increased cruise capacity could impact our ability to retain and attract qualified crew, including officers, at competitive costs and, therefore, increase our shipboard employee costs. Furthermore, some
of the same factors that impact our guests’ decisions to cruise with us may also impact our ability to employ qualified crew. 

•

 Accidents, adverse weather conditions or natural disasters and other incidents affecting the health, safety, security and/or vacation satisfaction of guests
could have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. 

The operation of cruise ships, hotels, land tours and
shore excursions involve the risk of accidents, including those caused by the improper operation of our ships, motorcoaches and trains, guest and crew illnesses such as the spread of contagious diseases, mechanical failures, fires, collisions,
groundings, and other incidents at sea or while in port or on land, which may cause injury and death, or the alteration of itineraries or cancellation of a cruise or series of cruises or tours. These types of incidents may bring into question guest
health, safety, security and/or vacation satisfaction, and thereby adversely affect our sales and profitability. 

In addition, our cruises,
hotels, port facilities, shore excursions and other service providers may be impacted by adverse weather patterns or natural disasters, such as hurricanes and earthquakes. These events could result in, among other things, increased port related and
other costs as these third-party operators seek to charge us additional amounts in order to recover expenses caused by adverse events. It is possible that we could be forced to alter itineraries or cancel a cruise or a series of cruises due to these
or other factors, which would have an adverse affect on sales and profitability. 

•

 Adverse publicity concerning the cruise industry in general, or us in particular, could impact the demand for cruises and affect our reputation and harm our
future sales and profitability. 

Maintaining a good reputation is critical to our business. Reports, whether true or
not, of ship accidents and other incidents at sea or while in port, including missing guests, inappropriate crew or guest behavior, onboard crimes, guest or crew illnesses such as incidents of stomach flu or other contagious diseases, security
breaches, terrorist threats and attacks and other adverse events can result in negative publicity, and the perception that cruising is more dangerous than other vacation alternatives. Anything that damages our reputation (whether or not
justified), including adverse publicity about the safety and guest satisfaction of cruising, or the vacation industry in general, could have an adverse impact on demand, which could lead to price discounting and a reduction in our sales and
profitability. 

•

 Environmental legislation and regulations could affect operations and increase our operating costs. 

Some environmental groups have lobbied for more stringent regulation of cruise ships. Some groups have also generated negative publicity about the cruise
industry and its environmental impact. The U.S. Congress, the IMO and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency periodically consider new laws and regulations to manage cruise ship discharges. In addition, various other regulatory agencies in the
States of Alaska, California, Florida, Hawaii, Maine, Washington and elsewhere, including European regulatory organizations, have enacted or are considering new regulations or policies, such as requirements to use low sulfur fuels and stricter
emission limits to reduce greenhouse gas effects, which could adversely impact the cruise industry. See Part I, Item 1. Business. B. – “Cruise Operations – Governmental Regulations” for additional information. 

The IMO has approved amendments to the MARPOL Annex VI regulations to reduce harmful emissions from ships. These changes will enter into force beginning
2010, and will result in a progressive reduction in ship sulfur oxide emissions by requiring progressive reductions in the sulfur content in fuel. These limits will be further reduced in designated ECAs. As a result of the new amendments, there may
be less availability of low sulfur fuel because of the increased demand and/or the pricing of such fuel may 

31 

increase and may result in the use of new sulfur abatement technologies, which may also increase costs. The MARPOL Annex VI amendments also introduce further
progressive reductions in NOx emissions from both existing and new marine diesel engines, with the most stringent requirements for those engines installed on ships contracted on or after January 1, 2016, operating in ECAs. These requirements
will necessitate the development of new engine designs or exhaust gas treatment systems, which may result in significant additional costs. 

Initiatives to limit greenhouse gas emissions have been introduced or are being considered in several European countries. Similarly, as of January 2009, approximately 32 bills related to climate change have been introduced in the U.S.
Congress, which could impact all industries. While not all are likely to become law, this is a strong indication that additional climate change related mandates will be forthcoming in the future. 

Current and future environmental laws and regulations, or liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances or to
vessel discharges, could increase our cost of compliance or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. 

•

New regulations relating to health, safety, security and other regulatory issues could increase our operating costs. 

We are subject to various international, national, state and local health, safety and security laws, regulations and treaties. Due to increasing
regulatory requirements applicable to our operations, appropriate training of crewmembers has become more time-consuming and increased our operating costs. See Part I, Item 1. Business. B. – “Cruise Operations – Governmental
Regulations” for a detailed discussion of some of these regulatory issues. 

We believe that health, safety, security and other
regulatory issues will continue to be areas of focus by relevant government authorities in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere. Resulting legislation, regulations or treaties, or changes thereto, could impact our operations and would likely subject us to
increased compliance costs in the future. 

•

We are subject to many economic, market and political factors, including changes in and compliance with numerous rules and regulations that are beyond our
control, which could result in increases in our operating, financing and tax costs and could harm future sales and profitability. 

Some of our operating costs, including fuel, food, insurance, payroll and security costs, are subject to increases because of market forces, economic or political instability or decisions beyond our control. In
addition, interest rates, currency exchange rate fluctuations and our ability to obtain debt or equity financing are dependent on many economic, market and political factors. Actions by taxing jurisdictions could also cause an increase in our costs.

For example, in 2008, 2007 and 2006 fuel costs accounted for 20.3%, 14.9% and 14.4%, respectively, of our total cruise operating expenses.
Economic, market and political conditions in certain parts of the world, including fuel demand and supply disruptions, make it difficult to predict the price and availability of fuel in the future. We had taken actions to partially offset the
effects of higher fuel costs through the addition of temporary fuel supplement fees charged by substantially all of our brands. Through these fuel supplement efforts, we managed to recover approximately 30% of the impact of increased annual 2008
fuel prices. In addition, our fuel conservation initiative and other best practices have been and are being implemented across all of our brands in response to significant fuel price increases. Success in trying to offset higher fuel costs with
ticket price increases and fuel supplements is largely influenced by competitive factors and economic conditions, which can vary significantly depending on the market served, and the guests’ perception of these costs. As a result of the
relatively recent and large decreases in fuel prices, most of our brands no longer charge the fuel supplement. Future increases in the global cost of fuel would increase the cost of our cruise ship operations. We may be unable to implement
additional fuel conservation practices, or ticket price and/or fuel supplements, which would otherwise help offset these fuel cost increases. 

In addition, the State of Alaska instituted income, excise and passenger head taxes in 2007, which directly impacted the cruise industry operating in Alaska. Separately in January 2008, the UK published draft changes to its tonnage tax
regime which would have changed the scope of income that is includable within the UK tonnage tax regime, however, such changes have yet to be implemented. It is possible that other states, countries or ports of call that we regularly visit may also
decide to assess new taxes or 

32 

fees or change existing taxes or fees specifically targeted to the cruise industry and its employees and/or guests, including value added taxes on cruise
tickets and onboard revenues and changes in the scope of income that is includable within tonnage tax regimes, which could increase our operating costs and/or could decrease the demand for cruises and ultimately decrease our net revenue yields and
net income. 

Increases in operating, financing and tax costs could adversely affect our results because we may not be able to recover these
increased costs through price increases charged to our guests and such increases may adversely impact our liquidity and credit ratings. 

•

 Delays in ship construction, refurbishments and repairs, problems encountered at shipyards and shipyard consolidation could reduce our profitability.

The construction, refurbishments and repair of cruise ships is a complex process and involves risks similar to those
encountered in other large and sophisticated construction, refurbishments and repair projects, which could cause delays in completion, delivery or repair. In addition, work stoppages, insolvency or financial problems of the shipyards building,
refurbishing or repairing our ships could also delay or prevent the delivery of our ships under construction or the refurbishment, repair and maintenance of existing ships in our fleet. These events could adversely affect our profitability. However,
the impact from a delay in delivery of our newbuilds could be partially mitigated by contractual provisions and bank guarantees that shipyards were obligated to provide to us. In addition, the consolidation of the control of certain European cruise
shipyards could result in higher prices for future ships given the reduced number of competing shipyards, which could also reduce our profitability. Also, the lack of qualified shipyard repair facilities could result in the inability to repair and
maintain our ships on a timely basis and also result in reduced profitability. 

As of November 30, 2008, we had entered into foreign
currency forwards and/or options to fix a portion of the cost in U.S. dollars of two of our euro-denominated shipbuilding contracts. If the shipyard with which we have contracted is unable to perform under the related contracts, the foreign currency
forwards and/or options related to the shipyard’s shipbuilding contracts would still have to be honored. This might require us to realize a loss on existing foreign currency forwards and/or options without an offsetting gain on our foreign
currency denominated shipbuilding contracts, thus resulting in an adverse effect on our financial results. As all of our newbuilds are being built by European shipyards and substantially all our newbuild costs are priced in euros, the ability to
purchase ships for our North American and UK brands at favorable U.S. dollar and sterling prices, respectively, has been, and may continue to be, adversely impacted as a result of the weaker U.S. dollar and weaker sterling compared to the euro. This
can result in higher newbuild costs and reduced profitability for our North American and UK brands. Finally, the prices of various commodities that are used in the construction of ships, such as steel, are subject to volatile price changes and,
accordingly, the cost of future newbuilds may increase, which could have an adverse impact on our net income. 

•

 Our success depends upon the continued strength of our cruise brands and our ability to implement our brand strategies. 

We believe that our cruise brands have contributed significantly to the success of our business and that maintaining and enhancing our brands is critical
to expanding their customer base. In addition, the ability of our brands to successfully target different segments of the various vacation markets in which they operate enables them to continue to expand and strengthen their business. Failure to
protect our brands from infringers or to grow the value of the brands could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

•

Our international operations are subject to risks not generally applicable to our domestic operations. 

Our international operations are subject to numerous risks, including exposure to local economic conditions, potential adverse changes in the diplomatic
relations between foreign countries, hostility from local populations, restrictions and taxes on the withdrawal of foreign investment and earnings, government policies against the cruise business, investment restrictions or requirements, diminished
ability to legally enforce our contractual rights in foreign countries, foreign exchange restrictions and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, withholding and other taxes on remittances and other payments by subsidiaries, and changes in
and application of foreign taxation structures including value added taxes. 

33 

•

 Geographic regions in which we try to expand our business may be slow to develop, and ultimately not develop how we expect, thus resulting in the slower growth
of our business. 

As we expand our global presence into both existing lower-penetrated markets and new developing
markets, it requires, among other things, investments and start-up costs that we may not recover through future revenues from these markets. In addition, we cannot be certain that these markets will ultimately develop as we expect. Accordingly, our
business expansion may not produce the returns that we had expected. For instance, in 2006 we entered the Chinese market, and it is too early to determine if this market will develop as expected over the long-term. 

•

 Our future operating cash flow may not be sufficient to fund future obligations, and we may not be able to obtain financing, if necessary, in sufficient amounts
and on terms that are favorable or consistent with our expectations. In addition, our counterparties’ ability to perform may adversely impact us. 

Our forecasted cash flow from future operations may be adversely affected by various factors, including, but not limited to, declines in guest demand,
increased competition, overcapacity, the deterioration in general economic and business conditions, liquidity and other issues in the global debt and equity markets, terrorist and pirate attacks and the threats thereof, ship accidents and other
incidents, adverse publicity, the impact of changes in, or disruptions to, the global credit markets on our financing costs and counterparty credit and performance risks, and increases in fuel prices, as well as other factors noted under these
“Risk Factors” and under the “Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results” section below. To the extent that we are required, or choose, to fund future cash requirements, including current and future
shipbuilding commitments, from sources other than cash flow from operations, available cash and current external sources of liquidity, including committed ship financings, we will have to secure such financing from banks or through the offering of
debt and/or equity securities in the public or private markets or take other actions, such as our recently announced suspension of dividend payments. There is no guarantee that such financings will be available in the future to fund our future
obligations. 

Our access to, and the cost of, financing will depend on, among other things, the maintenance of our strong long-term credit
ratings and the availability of sufficient amounts of financing. Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc’s senior, unsecured long-term debt ratings are “A-” by Standard & Poor’s and “A3” by Moody’s. Carnival
Corporation’s and Carnival plc’s short-term corporate credit ratings are “A-2” by Standard & Poor’s and “P-2” by Moody’s. Our Standard & Poor’s A- debt rating recently was assigned a
negative outlook, which reflects their concern that the weakened state of the economy and pull back in consumer spending will pressure our ability to sustain our A- debt rating. If we were to be downgraded by S&P to BBB+, this would result in a
slight increase in our borrowing costs on a prospective basis, and this could have an impact on our ability to obtain committed credit facilities or issue debt. Similarly the ability of our counterparties, primarily associated with our cash
equivalents, committed financing facilities, contingent obligations, derivative instruments, insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees, to perform may adversely impact us if any of their financial positions weaken materially or
they suffer other financial disruptions. 

•

 We rely on external sales distribution channels for most of our guests’ bookings and, therefore, major changes in the costs or availability of external
distribution channels could result in a reduction in our sales revenues and net income. 

In 2008, the vast majority of
our guests booked their cruises through independent travel agents, wholesalers and tour operators. These parties generally sell and market our cruises on a nonexclusive basis. Although we offer commissions and other incentives to them for booking
our cruises that are comparable to those offered by others in the cruise industry, there can be no guarantee that our competitors will not offer higher commissions and incentives in the future. In addition, significant disruptions or contractions to
these businesses, such as those caused by a reduction in travel and related commission income as a result of an economic slowdown, could have an adverse effect on our sales and related commission costs. 

•

 We rely to a large extent on scheduled commercial airline services for guest connections and, therefore, increases in the price of, or major changes or reduction
in commercial airline services, could undermine our ability to provide reasonably priced vacation packages to our guests. 

34 

Some of our guests depend on scheduled commercial airline services to transport them to or from the ports
where our cruises embark and disembark. Increases in the prices of airfares would increase the overall vacation price to our guests and may adversely affect demand for our cruises. In addition, changes or disruptions in commercial airline services
as a result of strikes, financial instability, adverse weather conditions or other events, or the lack of availability due to schedule changes or a high level of airline bookings could adversely affect our ability to deliver guests to or from our
cruise ships and increase our cost of sales which would, in turn, have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

•

 The impact of our decisions to self-insure against various risks or the inability to obtain insurance for certain risks at reasonable rates could result in
higher expenses. 

We seek to maintain comprehensive insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates. We believe
that our current coverage is adequate to protect us against most of the significant risks involved in the conduct of our business, although we do elect to self-insure or use higher deductibles for various risks to minimize the cost of our insurance
coverages. Accordingly, we are not protected against all risks, which could result in unexpected increases in our expenses in the event of an incident. 

In addition, a new protocol to the Athens Convention relating to the Carriage of Passengers and their Luggage by Sea, 1974, is in the process of being ratified, which would require some passenger ship operations to
maintain compulsory insurance or some other form of financial security, to cover the per capita limit of strict liability for losses suffered by passengers that has been set under the Athens Convention. If the protocol is ratified, we cannot be
certain that affordable and viable insurance markets will be available to provide the required coverage. If the new protocol is ratified we would expect our insurance costs to increase. 

We may also be subject to additional premium costs, in amounts based not only on our own claim records, but also on the claim records of all other
members of the P&I associations through which we receive indemnity coverage for tort liability. If we, or other members of our P&I associations, were to sustain significant losses in the future, our ability to obtain insurance coverage or
coverage at commercially reasonable rates could be materially adversely affected. Finally, if other marine insurers experience more claims, this could result in additional premium costs for us. 

•

 Disruptions and other damages to our information technology networks could result in decreases in our net income. 

Our ability to increase revenues and decrease costs, as well as our ability to serve guests most effectively, depends in part on the reliability of our
sophisticated information technology (“IT”) networks. We use software and other IT systems to, among other things, manage our inventory of cabins held for sale and set pricing in order to maximize our revenue yields, and to optimize the
effectiveness and efficiency of our shoreside and shipboard operations. Any disruptions and other damages to these computer systems or unauthorized access to confidential customer or employee personal information could adversely impact our guest
services and satisfaction, employee relationships, decrease the volume of our business and result in increased costs. In addition, the operation, maintenance and updating of these networks is dependent on third-party technologies, systems and
services for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability. While we have invested and continue to invest in IT security initiatives and disaster recovery plans, these measures cannot insulate us from IT disruptions that could result in
adverse effects on our operations and net income. 

•

 The lack of continued availability of attractive port destinations for our cruise ships could reduce our net revenue yields and net income.

We believe that attractive port destinations, including ports that are not overly congested with tourists, are major
reasons why our guests choose a cruise versus an alternative vacation option. The availability of ports, including the specific port facility at which our guests will embark and disembark, is affected by a number of factors including, but not
limited to, existing capacity constraints, security and safety concerns, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, financial limitations on port development, political instability, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our
competitors, local governmental regulations and charges and local community concerns about both port development and other adverse impacts on their communities from additional tourists. The inability to continue to maintain, rebuild, if necessary,
and increase the ports that our ships call on could adversely affect our net revenue yields and net income. 

35 

•

 The DLC structure involves risks not associated with the more common ways of combining the operations of two companies, and these risks may have an adverse
effect on the economic performance of the companies and/or their respective share prices. 

The DLC structure is a
relatively uncommon way of combining the management and operations of two companies and it involves different issues and risks from those associated with the other more common ways of effecting a business combination, such as a merger or exchange
offer to create a wholly owned subsidiary. In our DLC structure, the combination is effected primarily by means of contracts between Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc and not by operation of a statute or court order. The legal effect of these
contractual rights may be different from the legal effect of a merger or amalgamation under statute or court order, and there may be difficulties in enforcing these contractual rights. Shareholders and creditors of either company might challenge the
validity of the contracts or their lack of standing to enforce rights under these contracts, and courts may interpret or enforce these contracts in a manner inconsistent with the express provisions and intentions we included in such contracts. In
addition, shareholders and creditors of other companies might successfully challenge other DLC structures and establish legal precedents that could increase the risk of a successful challenge to our DLC structure. 

We maintain two separate public companies and comply with both Panamanian corporate law and English company laws and different securities and other
regulatory and stock exchange requirements in the UK and the U.S. This structure requires more administrative time and cost than was the case for each company individually, which has an adverse effect on our operating efficiency. 

•

 Changes under the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, applicable U.S. income tax treaties, and the uncertainty of the DLC structure under the Internal Revenue Code may
adversely affect the U.S. federal income taxation of our U.S. source shipping income. In addition, changes in the UK, Italian, German, Australian, Spanish and other countries’ or states’ income or other tax laws, regulations or treaties
could also adversely affect our net income. 

We believe that substantially all of the U.S. source shipping income of
each of Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc qualifies for exemption from U.S. federal income tax, either under (1) Section 883 of the Internal Revenue Code; or (2) applicable U.S. income tax treaties, and should continue to so
qualify under the DLC structure. There is, however, no existing U.S. federal income tax authority that directly addresses the tax consequences of implementation of a DLC structure for purposes of Section 883 or any other provision of the
Internal Revenue Code or any income tax treaty and, consequently, these matters are not free from doubt. 

If we did not qualify for
exemption from substantially all U.S. federal income taxes or if such exemptions or laws were changed, we would have significantly higher U.S. income tax expenses. In addition, changes in the income or other tax laws affecting our cruise businesses
in the UK, Italy, Germany, Australia, Spain and elsewhere could result in higher income and/or other taxes, such as value added taxes, being levied on our cruise operations, thus resulting in lower net income. 

See Part I, Item 1. Business. G. “Taxation” for additional information. 

•

 A small group of shareholders collectively owned, as of January 22, 2009, approximately 28% of the total combined voting power of our outstanding shares and
may be able to effectively control the outcome of shareholder voting. 

As of January 22, 2009 a group of
shareholders, consisting of some members of the Arison family, including Micky Arison, and trusts established for their benefit, beneficially owned approximately 36% of the outstanding common stock of Carnival Corporation, which shares represent
sufficient shares entitled to constitute a quorum at shareholder meetings and to cast approximately 28% of the total combined voting power of Carnival Corporation & plc. Depending upon the nature and extent of the shareholder vote, this
group of shareholders may have the power to effectively control, or at least to influence substantially, the outcome of certain shareholder votes and, therefore, the corporate actions requiring such votes. 

36 

•

 Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc are not U.S. corporations, and our shareholders may be subject to the uncertainties of a foreign legal system in protecting
their interests. 

Carnival Corporation’s corporate affairs are governed by its third amended and restated
articles of incorporation (“Articles”) and second amended and restated by-laws (“by-laws”) and by the corporate laws of Panama. Carnival plc is governed by its articles of association and memorandum of association and by the
corporate laws of England and Wales. The contracts that control the relationship between Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc under the DLC are governed by the laws of Panama, the Isle of Man and the Cayman Islands. The corporate laws of Panama,
England and Wales, the Isle of Man and the Cayman Islands may differ in some respects from the corporate laws in the U.S. 

•

 Provisions in Carnival Corporation’s and Carnival plc’s constitutional documents may prevent or discourage takeovers and business combinations that our
shareholders might consider to be in their best interests. 

Carnival Corporation’s Articles and by-laws and
Carnival plc’s articles of association contain provisions that may delay, defer, prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that our shareholders consider to be in their best interests. As a result, these provisions may prevent our
shareholders from receiving a premium to the market price of our shares offered by a bidder in a takeover context. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the prevailing market price of our
shares if they are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future. 

Specifically, Carnival Corporation’s Articles contain
provisions that prevent third parties, other than the Arison family and trusts established for their benefit, from acquiring beneficial ownership of more than 4.9% of its outstanding shares without the consent of Carnival Corporation’s board of
directors and provide for the lapse of rights, and sale, of any shares acquired in excess of that limit. The effect of these provisions may preclude third parties from seeking to acquire a controlling interest in us in transactions that shareholders
might consider to be in their best interests and may prevent them from receiving a premium above market price for their shares. 

Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results 

Some of the statements, estimates or projections
contained in this Form 10-K are “forward-looking statements” that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions with respect to us, including some statements concerning future results, outlooks, plans, goals and other events which have not
yet occurred. These statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbors from liability provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We have tried, whenever possible, to
identify these statements by using words like “will,” “may,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “forecast,” “future,”
“intend,” “plan,” “estimate” and similar expressions of future intent or the negative of such terms. 

Because
forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, there are many factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied in this Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements
include those statements which may impact the forecasting of our earnings per share, net revenue yields, booking levels, pricing, occupancy, operating, financing and/or tax costs, fuel costs, costs per available lower berth day, estimates of ship
depreciable lives and residual values, liquidity, outlook or business prospects. 

Certain of the risks we are exposed to are identified in
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results” in Exhibit 13 to this Form 10-K and in this Item 1A. “Risk
Factors.” These sections contain important cautionary statements and a discussion of many of the factors that could materially affect the accuracy of our forward-looking statements and/or adversely affect our business, results of operations and
financial position. 

Forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual results. Subject to any continuing
obligations under applicable law or any relevant listing rules, we expressly disclaim any obligation to disseminate, after the date of this Form 10-K, any updates or revisions to any such forward-looking statements to reflect any change in
expectations or events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based.