. 

You
should carefully consider the specific risk factors set forth below and the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K, as these are important factors, among others, that could cause our actual results to differ from
our expected or historical results. Some of the statements in this item and elsewhere in this Form 10-K are “forward-looking statements.” For a discussion of those statements and of other factors to consider see the “Cautionary Note
Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results” section below. 

•

 General economic and business conditions may adversely impact consumer demand for vacations and, consequently, reduce our cruise brands’ net
revenue yields and profitability. 

Demand for cruises is in part dependent on the underlying perceived or
actual economic strength of the countries from which cruise companies source their guests. Adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate, such as higher unemployment and underemployment rates, declines in income levels, securities,
real estate and other market declines and volatility, increasing taxation, higher fuel prices and healthcare costs, more restrictive credit markets, higher interest rates and changes in governmental regulations, could reduce our potential
vacationers’ discretionary incomes, net worth or their consumer confidence. Consequently, this may negatively affect demand for vacations, including cruise vacations, which are a discretionary purchase. Decreases in demand could lead to
price reductions which, in turn, could reduce the profitability of our business. These ticket price reductions may result in a less affluent guest base, and decreases in discretionary income or consumer confidence, all of which could also result in
lower onboard revenues, which could also have a negative effect on our net revenue yields and profitability. 

•

 Increases in fuel prices may adversely affect our operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

Economic, market and political conditions in certain parts of the world, including fuel demand and supply disruptions and related
infrastructure needs, make it difficult to predict the future price and availability of fuel. Fuel costs accounted for 21%, 18% and 14% of our cruise operating expenses in 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Future increases in the global price of
fuel would increase the cost of our cruise ship operations as well as some of our other expenses, such as crew travel, freight and commodity prices. We may be unable to implement additional fuel conservation initiatives and other best practices or
increase ticket prices and collect fuel supplements, which would help to fully or partially offset these fuel price increases. 

26 

Table of Contents

To mitigate a portion of our economic risk attributable to potentially significant fuel
price increases, we recently implemented a fuel derivatives program. To date under this program, we have bought Brent crude oil (“Brent”) call options and sold Brent put options, collectively referred to as zero cost collars that
established ceiling and floor Brent prices. These derivatives are based on Brent prices whereas the actual fuel used on our ships is marine fuel. Changes in the Brent prices may not show a high degree of correlation with changes in our underlying
marine fuel prices. In addition, there can be no assurance that our fuel derivatives program will provide a sufficient level of protection against increases in fuel prices or that our counterparties will be able to perform, such as in the case of a
counterparty bankruptcy. The zero cost collars will reduce our benefit if Brent prices drop below the floor. Also, the fuel derivative contracts may create significant volatility in our U.S. GAAP earnings due to volatility in fuel prices over the
contracts’ terms. Furthermore, volatility in fuel prices could have a material adverse effect on our operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

Finally, we believe that our land-based vacation competitors’ operating costs are less affected by fuel price increases than cruise companies. Accordingly, fuel price increases may adversely impact
cruise companies more than their land-based competitors. 

•

 Accidents, the spread of contagious diseases and threats thereof, adverse weather conditions or natural disasters and other incidents affecting the
health, safety, security and satisfaction of guests and crew could have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. 

The operation of cruise ships, hotels, land tours, port facilities and shore excursions involve the risk of accidents, including those caused by the improper operation of our ships, motorcoaches and
trains, guest and crew illnesses, such as from the spread of contagious diseases, mechanical failures, fires, collisions, groundings, navigational errors, oil spills and other environmental mishaps, and other incidents at sea or while in port or on
land, which may cause injury and death, or the alteration of itineraries or cancellation of a cruise or series of cruises or tours. Although we place guest and crew safety as the highest priority in all our operations, our ships have been involved
in accidents and other incidents in the past (for example, the January 13, 2012 grounding of Costa Concordia). We may experience similar incidents in the future. These types of incidents may bring into question guest and crew health,
safety, security and satisfaction and may adversely affect our sales and profitability, may result in additional costs to our business, litigation against us and increasing government or other regulatory oversight. 

In particular, our ability to effectively and efficiently operate shipboard and shoreside activities may be impacted by widespread public
health issues/illnesses or health scares resulting in, among other things, reduced demand for cruises and cruise cancellations and employee absenteeism that could have an adverse affect on our sales and profitability. For example, a severe outbreak
of the influenza virus or some other pandemic could, among other things, disrupt our ability to embark/disembark passengers and crew, disrupt air travel to and from ports, increase costs for prevention and treatment and adversely affect our supply
chain. This could also adversely impact cruise demand in areas unaffected by such an outbreak. 

Our cruise ships, hotels, land
tours, port facilities, shore excursions and other service providers may be impacted by adverse weather patterns or natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes, tornados, tsunamis and volcanic eruptions. These events could result in, among
other things, increased port related and other costs. It is possible that we could be forced to alter itineraries or cancel a cruise or a series of cruises or tours due to these or other factors, which would have an adverse effect on our sales and
profitability. 

The frequency of extreme weather events such as hurricanes and floods, which may be caused by climate change,
may not only cause disruption, alteration, or cancellation of cruises but may also adversely impact commercial airline flights, other transport and shore excursion activities or prevent our guests from electing to cruise altogether. Such extreme
weather events may also disrupt the supply of provisions, fuel and shore power, and may limit our ability to safely embark and disembark our guests. In addition, these extreme weather conditions could result in increased wave and wind activity,
which would make it more challenging to sail and dock our ships and could cause sea/motion sickness among guests and crew. These events could have an adverse impact on the safety and guest satisfaction of cruising and could have an adverse impact on
our sales and profitability. Finally, these extreme weather conditions could cause property damage to our ships, port facilities and other assets and impact our ability to obtain insurance coverage for operations in such areas at reasonable rates.

Furthermore, some of the same factors that impact our guests’ decisions to cruise with us may also impact our ability to
employ qualified crew. 

•

 The international political climate, armed conflicts, terrorist and pirate attacks, vessel seizures and threats thereof, and other world events
affecting the safety and security of travel could adversely affect the demand for cruises and could harm our future sales and profitability. 

Demand for cruises and other vacation options has been and is expected to continue to be affected by the public’s attitude towards the safety and security of travel. Factors including, but not
limited to, the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks in the U.S., threats of additional terrorist attacks, drug-related violence in Mexico, pirate attacks and vessel seizures off the coast of Africa, national government travel advisories,
political instability in North Africa, the Middle East and elsewhere and general concerns over the safety and security aspects of traveling have had a significant adverse impact on demand and pricing in the travel and vacation industry in the past
and may have an adverse impact in the future. Decreases in demand could lead to price reductions, which in turn could reduce our profitability. 

27 

Table of Contents

•

 Negative publicity concerning the cruise business in general or us in particular, including any adverse environmental impacts of cruising, could
impact the demand for cruises, affect our reputation and harm our future sales and profitability. 

Accidents and incidents involving cruise ships, and, in particular our cruise ships (including the January 13, 2012 grounding
of 
Costa Concordia), media coverage thereof, as well as adverse media publicity concerning the cruise vacation industry in general, or unusual weather patterns or natural disasters or disruptions, such as hurricanes and earthquakes, could
impact demand for our cruises. In addition, any events which impact the travel industry more generally may negatively impact guests’ ability or desire to travel to or from our ships, or interrupt our ability to obtain services and goods from
key vendors in our supply chain. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our result of operations and on future industry performance. 

Maintaining a good reputation is critical to our business. Reports of ship accidents (for example, media coverage of the January 13, 2012 grounding) and other incidents at sea or while in
port, including missing guests, improper conduct by our employees, guests or agents, crimes, crew and guest illnesses such as incidents of stomach flu, parasitic outbreaks or other contagious diseases, security breaches, terrorist threats and
attacks and other adverse events can result in negative publicity, which could lead to a negative perception regarding the safety of our ships and the satisfaction of our guests. In addition, negative publicity regarding adverse environmental
impacts of cruising, such as climate change and oil spills, could diminish our reputation. Social media has increased the ways in which our reputation can be impacted, and the speed with which it can occur. Anything that damages our reputation,
whether or not justified, could have an adverse impact on demand, which could lead to price reductions and a reduction in our sales and profitability. 

•

 Litigation, enforcement actions, fines or penalties, including those relating to Costa Concordia’s incident, could adversely impact our
financial condition or results of operations and damage our reputation. 

Our business is subject to
various international laws and regulations that could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. In addition, improper conduct by our employees or agents could damage our
reputation and lead to litigation or legal proceedings that could result in significant awards or settlements to plaintiffs and civil or criminal penalties, including substantial monetary fines. Such events could lead to an adverse impact on our
financial condition or results of operations. 

On January 13, 2012, Costa Concordia grounded off the coast of
Isola del Giglio, Italy and sustained significant damage. There were 16 casualties, a number of injuries and 16 people remain missing, as of January 26, 2012. The ship remains grounded and partially submerged off the coast. The cause of the
accident is currently under investigation by the Italian authorities. 

As a result of this accident, litigation claims,
enforcement actions and regulatory actions and investigation, including but not limited to those arising from personal injury, loss of life, loss of or damage to personal property, business interruption losses or environmental damage to any affected
coastal waters and the surrounding area, may be asserted or brought against various parties including us. The time and attention of our management may also be diverted in defending such claims, actions and investigations. Subject to applicable
insurance coverage, we may also incur costs both in defending against any claims, action and investigations and for any judgments, fines, civil or criminal penalties if such claims, actions or investigations are adversely determined. 

•

 We are subject to many economic, market and political factors that are beyond our control, which could increase our operating, financing and other
costs and could harm future sales and profitability. 

Some of our operating costs, including, but not
limited to, food, payroll, port costs, repairs and maintenance, security and other commodity-based items are subject to increases because of market forces, economic or political instability or circumstances beyond our control. In addition, interest
rates, currency exchange rate fluctuations and our ability to obtain debt or equity financing are dependent on many economic, market and political factors. Increases in operating or financing costs could adversely affect our results because we may
not be able to recover these increased costs through price increases charged to our guests and such increases may adversely impact our liquidity and credit ratings. 

It is possible that jurisdictions or ports of call that we regularly visit may also decide to assess new taxes or fees or change existing taxes or fees specifically targeted to the cruise business, its
employees and guests, including, but not limited to, value added taxes on cruise tickets and onboard revenues and changes in the scope of income that is includable within tonnage tax regimes, which could increase our operating costs and could
decrease the demand for cruises and ultimately decrease our net revenue yields and net income. For example, in 2010 Spain imposed a value-added tax on the sale of certain onboard goods and services. 

•

 Changes in and compliance with environmental laws and regulations could adversely affect our operations and thus impact our profitability.

Some environmental groups have lobbied for more stringent regulation of cruise ships. Some groups have
also generated negative publicity about the cruise business and its environmental impact. Various agencies and regulatory organizations have enacted or are considering new regulations or policies, such as requirements to use lower sulfur content
fuels and stricter emission limits to reduce GHG effects, which could adversely impact the cruise business. See Part I, Item 1. Business. B. “Cruise Operations- Governmental Regulations - Maritime Regulations” for additional
information regarding these risks. 

28 

Table of Contents

The IMO has amended the MARPOL regulations to reduce emissions from ships. As described in
“Maritime Environmental Regulations” as referenced above, these changes will result in reductions in ship sulfur oxide emissions by requiring progressive reductions in the sulfur content in fuel or the use of abatement techologies. These
limits will be further reduced in designated ECAs, including ECAs that have been or could be proposed in other prime cruising areas, such as around Australia, Japan, the Mediterranean Sea and Mexico. As a result of these amendments, low sulfur fuel
may be less available because of increased demand, and the cost of such fuel may increase. If utilized, new sulfur emissions abatement technologies may also increase costs. The increase in fuel prices impacts not only our fuel costs, but also some
of our other expenses, including, but not limited to, crew and guest travel, freight, and commodity prices and may have an adverse impact on our profitability. 

Initiatives to limit GHG emissions have recently been introduced in Australia and are being considered in several European countries. Similarly, numerous other bills related to climate change have been
introduced in the U.S. Congress, which could adversely impact our business. For example, while not all are likely to become law, there are indications that additional climate change related mandates could be forthcoming, and they may significantly
impact our costs, including, among other things, increasing fuel prices, including new taxes on bunker fuel, establishment of costly emissions trading schemes and increasing newbuild and operational costs. 

Current and future environmental laws and regulations, or liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous
substances or vessel discharges, including ballast water and waste disposal, could materially increase our cost of compliance or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

•

 Changes in and compliance with laws and regulations relating to the protection of persons with disabilities, employment, health, safety, security
and other regulations under which we operate could increase our costs. 

We are subject to various
international, national, state and local laws, regulations, treaties and employee union agreements related to, among other things, persons with disabilities, employment, health, safety and security. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations
could lead to enforcement actions, fines, civil or criminal penalties or the assertion of litigation claims and damages. We believe that relevant government authorities in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere will continue to focus on these areas.
Accordingly, new legislation, regulations or treaties, or changes thereto, could impact our operations and would likely subject us to increased compliance costs in the future. In addition, training of crew may become more time consuming and may
increase our operating costs due to increasing regulatory requirements applicable to our operations. 

•

 Changes in income tax laws and regulations and income tax treaties may adversely affect the taxation of our shipping income and our profitability.

We believe that substantially all of the income earned by Carnival Corporation, Carnival plc and their
ship owning or operating subsidiaries qualify for taxation based on ship tonnage, is exempt or is subject to minimal taxes in the jurisdictions where the entities are incorporated or do business. 

We believe that Panama and the jurisdictions where the ship owning and operating subsidiaries of Carnival Corporation are formed are
equivalent exemption jurisdictions for purposes of Section 883 of the Internal Revenue Code. The laws of Panama and the other jurisdictions where our ships are owned or operated are subject to change and, in the future, may no longer qualify as
equivalent exemption jurisdictions. 

The IRS interpretation of Section 883 could differ materially from ours. In
addition, provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, including Section 883, are subject to legislative change at any time. Moreover, changes could occur in the future with respect to the trading volume or trading frequency of Carnival Corporation
shares. Accordingly, it is possible that Carnival Corporation and its ship-owning or operating subsidiaries whose tax exemption is based on Section 883 could lose this exemption. 

There is no authority that directly addresses the effect, if any, of a DLC arrangement on the availability of benefits under treaties
and, accordingly, their application to our operations is not free from doubt. The applicable treaties may be revoked by either applicable country, replaced or modified with new agreements that treat income from international operation of ships
differently that the agreements currently in force or may be interpreted by one of its countries differently from us. 

If we
did not qualify for tonnage tax, exemption, treaties or minimal taxes, or if the laws that provide for these tax systems were changed, we would have significantly higher income tax expense. In many jurisdictions, the benefit of tonnage tax or
preferential tax regimes would be replaced with taxation at normal statutory rates. In the absence of Section 883 or an applicable income tax treaty in the U.S., we would be subject to the net income and branch profits tax regimes of
Section 882 and Section 884 of the Internal Revenue Code. In combination, these provisions would result in the taxation of our U.S. source shipping income, net of applicable deductions, at a federal corporate income tax rate of up to 35%,
state income tax rates would vary and our net after-tax income would be potentially subject to a further branch profits tax of 30%. 

29 

Table of Contents

We are subject to the continual examination of our income tax returns by tax authorities in
the jurisdictions where we operate. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcome from these
examinations will not adversely affect our net income. 

As budgetary constraints continue to adversely impact the
jurisdictions in which we operate, increases in income tax regulations affecting our operations may be imposed. We continue to monitor global administrative, legislative and judicial tax related developments and evaluate a variety of possible
courses of action based upon such developments. However, there is no assurance that such actions, if taken, will successfully mitigate adverse income tax consequences. 

•

 Our ability to implement our shipbuilding programs and ship repairs, maintenance and refurbishments on terms that are favorable or consistent with
our expectations could reduce our profitability. In addition, we expect increases in our repairs and maintenance expenses and refurbishment costs as our fleet ages. 

The construction, repair, maintenance and refurbishment of cruise ships are complex processes and involve risks similar to those
encountered in other large and sophisticated construction, repair, maintenance and refurbishment projects, which could cause delays and cost overruns in completing such work. As our fleet ages, our repair and maintenance expenses will increase, such
as the required 25 year survey that is more exhaustive and thus may require additional repair and maintenance work to be performed. In addition, work stoppages, insolvencies or other financial difficulties at the shipyards and their subcontractors
and suppliers who build, repair, maintain or refurbish our ships could also delay or prevent the delivery of our ships under construction and prevent or delay the completion of the refurbishment, repair and maintenance of existing ships in our
fleet. These events could adversely affect our profitability. However, the impact from a delay in delivery of our newbuilds is expected to be partially mitigated by contractual provisions and bank guarantees that we require shipyards to provide to
us. In addition, the consolidation of the control of certain cruise shipyards or cruise shipyard voluntary capacity reductions or insolvencies could result in less shipyard availability thus reducing competition and increasing prices. Finally, the
lack of qualified shipyard repair facilities could result in the inability to repair and maintain our ships on a timely basis, which could also result in reduced profitability. 

Also, the European shipyards that build most of our ships are currently eligible to benefit from governmental support of innovation,
development, employment and export credit financing that expire in 2013. There is no assurance that such eligibility will be extended or renewed and, therefore, we may incur higher vessel purchase prices. 

As of November 30, 2011, we had not entered into any foreign currency forwards or options to fix a portion of the cost in U.S.
dollars or in sterling of three of our euro-denominated shipbuilding contracts. However, if we were to enter into these types of forwards or options in the future, and if the shipyards with which we have contracted are unable to perform, these
foreign currency forwards and options related to the shipyards’ shipbuilding contracts would still have to be honored. This might require us to realize a loss on existing foreign currency forwards and options without an offsetting gain on our
foreign currency denominated shipbuilding contracts, thus resulting in an adverse effect on our financial results. 

Since
substantially all our newbuild costs are priced in euros, the ability to purchase ships for our North America and UK brands at favorable U.S. dollar and sterling prices, respectively, is adversely impacted as a result of the weaker U.S. dollar and
weaker sterling compared to the euro. This can result in higher newbuild costs and reduced profitability for our North America and UK brands. In addition, the prices of various commodities that are used in the construction of ships, such as steel,
can be subject to volatile price changes and, accordingly, the cost of future newbuilds may increase, which could have an adverse impact on our profitability. 

In connection with our shipbuilding contracts, we do not anticipate any contractual breakage or cancellations on our part. However, if any were to occur, it could result in, among other things, the
forfeiture of our payments and the imposition of contractual liquidated damages. 

•

 Lack of continuing availability of attractive, convenient and safe port destinations could adversely affect our net revenue yields and net income.

We believe that attractive, convenient and safe port destinations, including ports that are not overly
congested with tourists, are major reasons why our guests choose a cruise versus an alternative vacation option. The continuing availability of these types of ports, including the specific port facility at which our guests will embark and disembark,
is affected by a number of factors including, but not limited to, existing capacity constraints (particularly during the Caribbean winter months), security, safety and environmental concerns, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters,
financial limitations on port development, political instability, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our competitors, local governmental regulations and fees and local community concerns about both port development and other adverse
impacts on their communities from additional tourists. The inability to continue to utilize, maintain, rebuild, if necessary, and increase the number of ports that our ships call on could adversely affect our net revenue yields and net income.

•

 Continuing financial viability of our travel agent distribution system, air service providers and other key vendors in our supply chain is essential
to allowing us to profitably operate our business. In addition, reductions in the availability of, and increases in the prices for, the services and products provided by these vendors can adversely impact our net income.

30 

Table of Contents

The majority of our guests book their cruises through independent travel agents, including
wholesalers and tour operators. These parties generally sell and market our cruises on a nonexclusive basis. Our competitors may offer higher commissions and incentives in the future, and thus adversely impact our business. Significant disruptions,
contractions or consolidations to our travel agent distribution system, such as those caused by a reduction in travel and related commission income as a result of an economic slowdown could have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. In
addition, we extend normal credit terms to certain of our larger European travel agents and tour operators and, accordingly, if such agents and operators cannot repay their debts to us, it will adversely impact our cash flows and operations. For
example during 2011, certain European travel agents and tour operators have experienced liquidity concerns for a variety of reasons and, accordingly, it is possible that we could experience credit losses related to these and other agents and
operators in the future. 

Some of our guests depend on scheduled or chartered commercial airline services to transport them to
or from the airports near the ports where our cruises embark and disembark. Changes or disruptions in commercial or chartered airline services as a result of strikes, financial instability or viability, adverse weather conditions, airport
delays or other events or the lack of availability due to schedule changes or a high level of airline bookings could adversely affect our ability to deliver guests to or from our cruise ships and increase our cost of sales which would, in turn, have
an adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, increases in the prices of airfares would increase the overall vacation price to our guests and may adversely affect demand for our cruises. 

Economic downturns may impact the financial viability of other key vendors in our supply chain and the interruption in the services or
goods we purchase from them could adversely impact our operations and profitability. 

•

 Disruptions and other damages to our information technology and other networks and operations and breaches in data security could result in
decreases in our net income. 

Our ability to increase revenues and control costs, as well as our ability
to serve guests most effectively depends in part on the reliability of our information technology (“IT”) systems and other networks. We use IT, communications and other systems among other things, to manage our inventory of cabins held for
sale and set pricing in order to maximize our revenue yields and to optimize the effectiveness and efficiency of our shoreside and shipboard operations. Gaining unauthorized access to digital systems for purposes of misappropriating assets or
sensitive information, corrupting data, causing operational disruptions and other cyber-related risks could adversely impact our guest services and satisfaction, employee relationships and our reputation. 

These potential disruptions and denial-of-service attacks could negatively affect costs, customer demand and pricing for our cruises. In
addition, the operation and maintenance of these networks is in some cases dependent on third-party technologies, systems and service providers for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability. While we have and continue to invest in IT
and other security initiatives and disaster recovery plans, these measures cannot completely insulate us from disruptions that could result in adverse effects on our operations and profitability. 

•

 We may lose business to competitors throughout the vacation market, which could adversely affect our operations and financial condition.

We face significant competition from other cruise brands on the basis of cruise pricing, the types and
size of ships, services and destinations being offered to cruise guests. We try to differentiate ourselves from our cruise competitors by offering a wide variety of brands, itineraries, products and services to our guests, but the acceptance of each
offering is not certain and consumers’ preferences are always subject to change. In addition, we may choose to enhance our older ships with innovative amenities and improvements in order for those ships to be more competitive with other cruise
ships. Also, during the winter season ships that operate in the Caribbean face increased competition as our brands, as well as our competitors, redeploy vessels to the Caribbean, which results in a seasonal increase in passenger capacity that may
adversely impact our profitability. 

In addition, we operate in the vacation market and cruising is only one of many
alternatives for people choosing a vacation. We therefore risk losing business not only to other cruise lines, but also to vacation operators that provide other travel and leisure options, including, but not limited to, hotels, resorts, theme parks,
organized tours, land-based casino operators and vacation ownership properties. 

In the event that we do not compete
effectively with other cruise companies and other vacation alternatives, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

•

 Overcapacity in the cruise ship or land-based vacation industry could have a negative impact on our net revenue yields and increase operating costs,
thus resulting in ship, goodwill and trademark asset impairments, all of which could adversely affect profitability. 

Although cruising capacity has grown at a slower pace in recent years, we expect it to continue to increase over the next few years. The overall vacation market may also face increases in land-based
vacation capacity, which may impact us as well. We aim to fill our new capacity at favorable revenue yields despite the new competing cruise and land-based capacity growth. Should net revenue yields be negatively impacted, our results of operations
and financial condition could be adversely affected, including the impairment of the value of our ships, goodwill and trademark assets. In addition, increased cruise capacity could impact our ability to retain and attract qualified crew, including
officers, at competitive rates and, therefore, increase our shipboard operating costs. 

31 

Table of Contents

•

 The loss of key personnel or our ability to recruit or retain qualified personnel could adversely affect our results of operations.

We rely upon the ability, expertise, judgment, discretion, integrity and good faith of our senior
management team. Our success is dependent upon our personnel and our ability to recruit and train high quality employees. We must continue to recruit, retain and motivate management and other employees sufficient to maintain our current business and
support our projected growth. The loss of services of any of our key management could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The leadership of our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Arison, and our Vice-Chairman and Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Frank, and other executive and senior officers has been a critical
element of our success. The death or disability of Mr. Arison or Mr. Frank or other extended or permanent loss of their services, or any negative market or industry perception with respect to them or arising from their loss, could have an
adverse effect on our business. Our other executive and senior officers and other members of management have substantial experience and expertise in our business and have made significant contributions to our growth and success. The unexpected loss
of services of one or more of these individuals could also adversely affect us. We are not protected by key man or similar life insurance covering members of our executive and senior management. We do not have employment agreements with
substantially all of our officers. 

•

 Union disputes and other employee relation issues could adversely affect our financial results. 

Some of our employees are represented by labor unions in a number of countries under various collective bargaining agreements with varying
durations and expiration dates. We may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate these collective bargaining agreements when they expire. In addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage on our ships
in the future. We may also be subject to work stoppages unrelated to our business or collective bargaining agreements. Any such work stoppages or potential work stoppages could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

•

 The impact of disruptions in the global financial markets or other events may negatively affect the ability of our counterparties and others to
perform their obligations to us and thus, adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 

The ability of our counterparties, primarily associated with our cash equivalents, investments, committed ship financing facilities, contingent obligations, derivative instruments, insurance contracts and
new ship progress payment guarantees, to perform may adversely impact us if any of their financial positions weaken materially or they suffer other financial disruptions. 

•

 Our success depends upon the continued strength of our cruise brands and our ability to implement our brand strategies.

We believe that our cruise branding has contributed significantly to the success of our business and
that maintaining and enhancing our branding is critical to expanding their customer base. In addition, the ability of our brands to successfully target different segments of the vacation markets in which they operate enables them to strengthen their
business. Failure to protect our brands from infringers could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

•

 Our international operations are subject to additional risks not generally applicable to our U.S. operations and may result in increased costs and
risks and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 

Our international
operations are subject to additional risks including, but not limited to, adverse changes in foreign countries’ political systems; social unrest; restrictions and taxes on the withdrawal of foreign investment and earnings and other payments by
subsidiaries; government policies against the cruise, vacation or maritime businesses; local cabotage requirements; anti-bribery laws or regulations; investment restrictions or requirements; diminished ability to legally enforce our contractual
rights in foreign countries and commercial instability caused by corruption. In addition, our international operations may also be subject to adverse changes in foreign exchange restrictions, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and
changes in or application of foreign taxation structures including duties and value-added taxes. In addition, if a significant country leaves the euro currency system in a non-orderly manner, it is possible that this could have a significant impact
on our operations. If we are unable to address these risks adequately, our financial position and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Operating internationally exposes us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal and regulatory requirements. In many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate, practices in the local
business communities might not conform to international business standards. We may not be successful in ensuring that our employees and other representatives stationed throughout the world properly adhere to our policies or applicable laws or
regulations. Failure to adhere to our policies or applicable laws or regulations could result in penalties, sanctions, damage to our reputation and related costs which in turn could negatively affect our results of operations and cash flow.

•

 Geographic regions in which we try to expand our business may be slow to develop and ultimately not develop how we expect, thus resulting in the
slower growth of our business. 

As we expand our global presence it requires, among other things,
investments and start-up costs. We may not recover our investments in these markets and we cannot be certain that these markets will ultimately develop as we expect. Accordingly, our business expansion may not produce the returns that we had
expected. For instance, the Chinese market, which we entered in 2006, is developing slower than originally expected. 

32 

Table of Contents

•

 Our decisions to self-insure against various risks or the inability to obtain insurance for certain risks at reasonable rates could result in higher
expenses. 

We seek to maintain comprehensive insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates. We
believe that our current coverage is adequate to protect us against most of the significant risks involved in the conduct of our business, although we do elect to self-insure or use higher deductibles for substantially all the insurable risks we
face in order to minimize the cost of our insurance policies. Accordingly, we are not protected against all risks, such as loss of use of Costa Concordia, which could result in unexpected increases in our expenses in the event of an incident.
We attempt to mitigate our risks that are not covered by insurance, although we cannot be certain such processes and procedures will be successful. Further, significant incidents could result in higher insurance premiums commencing on the policy
renewal dates. 

We may also be subject to additional premium costs in amounts based not only on our own claim records but also
on the claim records of all other members of the P&I associations through which we receive indemnity coverage for tort liability. We are also subject to additional P&I premium assessments for various reasons including, but not limited to,
investment or underwriting shortfalls experienced by our P&I clubs. In addition, if we or other shipowners sustain significant losses, our ability to obtain future insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates could be materially adversely
affected. 

Finally, we cannot be certain that affordable and viable direct and reinsurance markets will be available to us in
the future. 

•

 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our financial results. 

We earn revenues, pay expenses, purchase and own assets and incur liabilities in currencies other than the U.S. dollar; most importantly,
the euro, sterling, Australian dollar and Canadian dollar. We derived approximately 56%, 54% and 52% of our revenues from passengers sourced from countries outside of the U.S. in fiscal 2011, 2010 and 2009, respectively. Because our consolidated
financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenues and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. We also report currency
transactions in the functional currencies of our reporting units. Therefore, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against our other major currencies, will adversely affect our U.S. dollar
financial results. 

•

 Whether our future operating cash flow will be sufficient to fund future obligations and whether we will be able to obtain financing, if necessary,
in sufficient amounts and on terms that are favorable or consistent with our expectations may adversely impact our financial results. 

Our forecasted cash flow from future operations may be adversely affected by various factors, including, but not limited to, declines in guest demand and consumer confidence, a weakening economy,
increased competition, overcapacity, terrorist and pirate attacks and the threats thereof, the impact of the spread of contagious diseases such as flu virus, ship accidents and other incidents, negative publicity, adverse currency movements,
increases in fuel prices and other factors noted under these “Risk Factors.” To the extent that we are required, or choose, to fund future cash requirements, including current and future shipbuilding commitments and debt repayments, from
sources other than cash flow from operations, available cash and committed external sources of liquidity, including committed ship and other financings, we will have to secure such financing from export credit agencies, banks and through the
offering of debt and equity securities in the public or private markets. There is no guarantee that such financings will be available in the future to fund our future obligations, or that they will be available on terms consistent with our
expectations. 

Our access to and the cost of financing will depend on, among other things, conditions or disruptions in the
global financing markets, the availability of sufficient amounts of financing and the maintenance of our investment grade long-term senior unsecured credit ratings. If our long-term credit rating were to be downgraded or assigned a negative outlook,
our access to and the cost of financing may be negatively impacted. Further, the terms of future debt agreements could include more restrictive covenants, which may restrict our business operations. 

•

 The DLC arrangement involves risks not associated with the more common ways of combining the operations of two companies and these risks may have an
adverse effect on the economic performance of the companies and their respective share prices. 

The DLC
arrangement is a relatively uncommon way of combining the management and operations of two companies and it involves different issues and risks from those associated with the other more common ways of impacting a business combination, such as a
merger or exchange offer to create a wholly owned subsidiary. In our DLC arrangement, the combination is effected primarily by means of contracts between Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc and not by operation of a statute or court order. The
legal effect of these contractual rights may be different from the legal effect of a merger or amalgamation under statute or court order, and there may be difficulties in enforcing these contractual rights. Shareholders and creditors of either
company might challenge the validity of the contracts or their lack of standing to enforce rights under these contracts, and courts may interpret or enforce these 

33 

Table of Contents

contracts in a manner inconsistent with the express provisions and intentions we included in such contracts. In addition, shareholders and creditors of other companies might successfully
challenge other DLC arrangements and establish legal precedents that could increase the risk of a successful challenge to our DLC arrangement. 

•

 Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc are not U.S. corporations, and our shareholders may be subject to the uncertainties of a foreign legal system
in protecting their interests. 

Carnival Corporation’s corporate affairs are governed by its Third
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (“Articles”) and Third Amended and Restated By-Laws (“By-Laws”) and by the laws of Panama. Carnival plc is governed by its Articles of Association and by the laws of England and
Wales. The contracts that control the relationship between Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc under the DLC arrangement are governed by the laws of Panama, the Isle of Man and the Cayman Islands. The laws of Panama, England and Wales, the Isle of
Man and the Cayman Islands may differ in some respects from the laws in the U.S. 

•

 A small group of shareholders owns a significant portion of the total combined voting power of our outstanding shares and may be able to effectively
control the outcome of shareholder voting. 

As of January 13, 2012, a small group of shareholders
consisting of some members of the Arison family, including Micky Arison, beneficially owned approximately 27% of the total combined voting power of Carnival Corporation & plc. Depending upon the nature and extent of the shareholder vote,
this group of shareholders may have the power to effectively control, or at least significantly influence, the outcome of certain shareholder votes and, therefore, the corporate actions requiring such votes. 

•

 Provisions in Carnival Corporation’s and Carnival plc’s constitutional documents may prevent or discourage takeovers and business
combinations that our shareholders might consider to be in their best interests. 

Carnival
Corporation’s Articles and By-Laws and Carnival plc’s Articles of Association contain provisions that may delay, defer, prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that our shareholders consider to be in their best interests. As a
result, these provisions may prevent our shareholders from receiving a premium to the market price of our shares offered by a bidder in a takeover context. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely
affect the prevailing market price of our shares if they are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future. 

Specifically, Carnival Corporation’s Articles contain provisions that prevent third parties, other than the Arison family and trusts
established for their benefit, from acquiring beneficial ownership of more than 4.9% of its outstanding shares without the consent of Carnival Corporation’s Board of Directors and provide for the lapse of rights, and sale, of any shares
acquired in excess of that limit. The effect of these provisions may preclude third parties from seeking to acquire a controlling interest in us in transactions that shareholders might consider to be in their best interests and may prevent them from
receiving a premium above market price for their shares. 

Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future
Results 

Some of the statements, estimates or projections contained in this Form 10-K are “forward-looking
statements” that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions with respect to us, including some statements concerning future results, outlooks, plans, goals and other events which have not yet occurred. These statements are intended to qualify
for the safe harbors from liability provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We have tried, whenever possible, to identify these statements by using words like
“will,” “may,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “believe,” “depends,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “forecast,” “future,” “intend,”
“plan,” “estimate,” “target” and similar expressions of future intent or the negative of such terms. 

Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, there are many factors that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or
implied in this Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements include those statements that may impact, among other things, the forecasting of our non-U.S. GAAP earnings per share; net revenue yields; booking levels; pricing; occupancy; operating; financing
and tax costs, including fuel expenses; costs per available lower berth day; estimates of ship depreciable lives and residual values; liquidity; goodwill and trademark fair values and outlook. 

Certain of the risks we are exposed to are identified in this Item 1A. “Risk Factors.” This item contains important
cautionary statements and a discussion of many of the factors that could materially affect the accuracy of our forward-looking statements and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial position. 

Forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual results. Subject to any continuing obligations under
applicable law or any relevant stock exchange rules, we expressly disclaim any obligation to disseminate, after the date of this Form 10-K, any updates or revisions to any such forward-looking statements to reflect any change in expectations or
events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based.