. 

25 

You should consider carefully the specific risk factors set forth below and the other
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K, as these are important factors, among others, that could cause our actual results to differ from our expected or historical results. Some of the statements in this section
and elsewhere in this Form 10-K are “forward-looking statements.” For a discussion of those statements and of other factors to consider see the “Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results” section
below. 

•

 General economic and business conditions may adversely impact consumer demand for vacations and, consequently, reduce our cruise brands’ net
revenue yields and profitability. 

Demand for cruises is in part dependent on the underlying perceived or
actual economic strength of the countries from which cruise companies source their guests. Adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate, such as higher fuel prices and healthcare costs, higher unemployment and underemployment
rates, higher interest rates, increasing taxation, stock, real estate and other market declines and volatility, declines in income levels, more restrictive credit markets, and changes in governmental policies, could reduce our potential
vacationers’ discretionary incomes, net worth or their consumer confidence in the countries from which we source our guests. Consequently this may negatively affect demand for vacations, including cruise vacations, which are a
discretionary purchase. Decreases in demand could lead to price discounting which, in turn, could reduce the profitability of our business. Decreases in discretionary income or consumer confidence could also result in lower onboard revenues,
which could also have a negative effect on our profitability. 

•

 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could adversely affect our financial results. 

We earn revenues, pay expenses, purchase and own assets, and incur liabilities in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, most importantly
the euro, sterling, Australian dollar and Canadian dollar. We derived approximately 54%, 52% and 50% of our revenues from passengers sourced from countries outside of the U.S. in fiscal 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively. Because our
consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenues and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. We also
report currency transactions in the functional currencies of our reporting units. Therefore, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against our other major currencies, will adversely
affect our U.S. dollar financial results. 

•

 The international political climate, armed conflicts, terrorist and pirate attacks, vessel seizures, and threats thereof, and other world events
affecting the safety and security of travel could adversely affect the demand for cruises and could harm our future sales and profitability. 

Demand for cruises and other vacation options has been and is expected to continue to be affected by the public’s attitude towards the safety and security of travel. Events such as the terrorist
attacks in the U.S. on September 11, 2001 and the threats of additional attacks in the U.S. and elsewhere, drug-related violence in Mexico, pirate attacks and vessel seizures off the coast of Africa, concerns of an outbreak of additional
hostilities and national government travel advisories, together with the resulting political instability and concerns over safety and security aspects of traveling, have had a significant adverse impact on demand and pricing in the travel and
vacation industry in the past, and may have an adverse impact in the future. Decreases in demand could lead to price discounting which, in turn, could reduce the profitability of our business. 

•

 We may lose business to competitors throughout the vacation market, which could adversely affect our operations and financial condition.

We face significant competition from other cruise brands, on the basis of cruise pricing, the types and
size of ships, services and destinations being offered to cruise guests. We try to differentiate ourselves from our cruise competitors by offering a wide variety of itineraries, products and services to our guests, but the acceptance of each
offering is not certain and consumers’ preferences are always subject to change. In addition, we may choose to enhance our older ships with innovative amenities and improvements in order for those ships to be more competitive with other cruise
ships. During the winter season ships that operate in the Caribbean face increased competition as our brands, as well as our competitors, redeploy vessels to the Caribbean, which results in a seasonal increase in capacity that may adversely impact
our profitability. 

In addition, we operate in the vacation market and cruising is only one of many alternatives for people
choosing a vacation. We therefore risk losing business not only to other cruise lines, but also to vacation operators that provide other travel and leisure options, including, but not limited to, hotels, resorts, theme parks, organized tours,
land-based casino operators and vacation ownership properties. We believe that our land-based vacation competitors’ operating costs are less affected by fuel price increases than cruise companies. Accordingly, fuel price increases may adversely
impact cruise companies more than their land-based competitors. 

In the event that we do not compete effectively with other
cruise companies and other vacation alternatives, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

•

 Overcapacity in the cruise ship or land-based vacation industries could have a negative impact on our net revenue yields and increase operating
costs, thus resulting in ship, goodwill and trademark asset impairments, all of which could adversely affect profitability. 

26 

Cruising capacity has grown in recent years and we expect it to continue to increase over
the next three years as most of the major cruise vacation companies are expected to introduce new ships. In order to fill new capacity, the cruise vacation industry will probably need to increase its share of the overall vacation market. Also,
the increasingly large size of ships may adversely impact the industry’s ability to fill their ships at prices that meet their expectations. The overall vacation market may also face increases in land-based vacation capacity, which may
impact us as well. Failure to increase our share of the overall vacation market is one of a number of factors that could have a negative impact on our net revenue yields. Should net revenue yields be negatively impacted, our results of
operations and financial condition could be adversely affected, including the impairment of the value of our ships, goodwill and trademark assets. In addition, increased cruise capacity could impact our ability to retain and attract qualified
crew, including officers, at competitive costs and, therefore, increase our shipboard operating costs. 

•

 Accidents, the spread of contagious diseases and threats thereof, adverse weather conditions or natural disasters, and other incidents affecting the
health, safety, security and satisfaction of guests and crew could have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. 

The operation of cruise ships, hotels, land tours, port facilities and shore excursions involve the risk of accidents, including those caused by the improper operation of our ships, motorcoaches and
trains, guest and crew illnesses such as from the spread of contagious diseases, mechanical failures, fires, collisions, groundings, navigational errors, oil spills and other environmental mishaps, and other incidents at sea or while in port or on
land, which may cause injury and death, or the alteration of itineraries or cancellation of a cruise or series of cruises or tours. Our ships have been involved in accidents and other incidents in the past. We may experience similar incidents
in the future. These types of incidents may bring into question guest and crew health, safety, security and satisfaction, and thereby adversely affect our sales and profitability and may also result in litigation against us and increased
governmental or other regulatory oversight. 

In particular, our ability to effectively and efficiently operate shipboard and
shoreside activities may be impacted by widespread public health issues/illnesses or health scares resulting in, among other things, reduced demand for cruises and cruise cancellations and employee absenteeism that could have an adverse affect on
our sales and profitability. For example, a severe outbreak of the flu virus or some other pandemic could, among other things, disrupt our ability to embark/disembark passengers and crew, disrupt air travel to and from ports, increase costs for
prevention and treatment and adversely affect our supply chain. This could also adversely impact cruise demand in areas unaffected by such an outbreak. 

Our cruise ships, hotels, land tours, port facilities, shore excursions and other service providers may be impacted by adverse weather patterns or natural disasters, such as hurricanes, earthquakes,
tornados and volcanic eruptions. These events could result in, among other things, increased port related and other costs. It is possible that we could be forced to alter itineraries or cancel a cruise or a series of cruises or tours due
to these or other factors, which would have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. 

The frequency of extreme
weather events such as hurricanes and floods, which may be caused by climate change, may not only cause disruption, alteration, or cancellation of cruises, but may also adversely impact commercial airline flights, other transport and shore excursion
activities or prevent our guests from electing to cruise altogether. Such extreme weather events may also disrupt the supply of provisions, fuel and shore power and may limit our ability to safely embark and disembark guests in ports. In
addition, these extreme weather conditions could result in increased wave and wind activity, which would make it more challenging to sail and dock our ships and could cause sea/motion sickness among guests and crew. These events could have an
adverse impact on the safety and guest satisfaction of cruising, and could also have an adverse impact on revenues and costs, all of which would lead to lower profitability. Finally, these extreme weather conditions could cause property damage to
our ships, port facilities and other assets and impact our ability to obtain insurance coverage for operations in such areas. 

Furthermore, some of the same factors that impact our guests’ decisions to cruise with us may also impact our ability to employ
qualified crew. 

•

 Adverse publicity concerning the cruise industry in general, or us in particular, including any adverse impact that cruising may have on the marine
environment, could impact the demand for cruises, affect our reputation and harm our future sales and profitability. 

Maintaining a good reputation is critical to our business. Reports, whether true or not, of ship accidents and other incidents at sea or while in port, including missing guests, inappropriate crew
and guest behavior, crimes, crew and guest illnesses such as incidents of stomach flu, parasitic outbreaks or other contagious diseases, security breaches, terrorist threats and attacks and other adverse events can result in negative publicity, and
a negative perception regarding the safety and satisfaction of our guests. In addition, publicity regarding the adverse environmental impact of cruise ships on the environment, including marine life, could diminish our reputation. Anything that
damages our reputation, whether or not justified, could have an adverse impact on demand, which could lead to price discounting and a reduction in our sales and profitability. 

•

 Changes in and compliance with environmental laws and regulations could adversely affect our operations and thus impact our profitability.

Some environmental groups have lobbied for more stringent regulation of cruise ships. Some groups
have also generated negative publicity about the cruise industry and its environmental impact. The U.S. Congress, U.S. states, the IMO, the EPA and others 

27 

periodically consider new laws and regulations to manage cruise ship discharges. In addition, various U.S. state regulatory agencies and European regulatory organizations have enacted or are
considering new regulations or policies, such as requirements to use lower sulfur content fuels and stricter emission limits to reduce GHG effects, which could adversely impact the cruise and other industries. See Part I, Item 1. Business. B.
“Cruise Operations—Governmental Regulations—Maritime Regulations” for additional information regarding these risks. 

The IMO has amended the MARPOL Annex VI regulations to reduce harmful emissions from ships. As described in “Maritime Environmental Regulations” as referenced above, these changes will result in
reductions in ship sulfur oxide emissions by requiring progressive reductions in the sulfur content in fuel. These limits will be further reduced in designated ECAs, including ECAs that have been or could be proposed in other prime cruising
areas, such as around Australia, the Mediterranean Sea, Mexico, Puerto Rico and USVI. As a result of these amendments, low sulfur fuel may be less available because of increased demand, and the cost of such fuel may increase. If utilized, new sulfur
emissions abatement technologies may also increase costs. The increase in fuel prices impacts not only our fuel costs, but also some of our other expenses, such as crew and guest travel, freight, and commodity prices, and may have an adverse
impact on our profitability. 

Initiatives to limit GHG emissions have been introduced or are being considered in several
European countries. Similarly, numerous other bills related to climate change have been introduced in the U.S. Congress, which could adversely impact all industries. While not all are likely to become law, this is a strong indication that
additional climate change related mandates will be forthcoming, and that they may significantly impact our costs, including, among other things, increasing fuel prices, including new taxes on bunker fuel, establishing costly emissions trading
schemes and increasing newbuild and operational costs. The impact of any such future legislation is not determinable at this time. 

Current and future environmental laws and regulations, or liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances or vessel discharges, including ballast water and waste
disposal, could materially increase our cost of compliance or otherwise adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

•

 Changes in and compliance with laws and regulations relating to the protection of persons with disabilities, employment, health, safety, security
and other regulations under which we operate could increase our costs. 

We are subject to various
international, national, state and local laws, regulations, treaties and employee union agreements related to, among other things, persons with disabilities, employment, health, safety and security. We believe that relevant government authorities in
the U.S., Europe and elsewhere will continue to focus on these areas. Accordingly, new legislation, regulations or treaties, or changes thereto, could impact our operations and would likely subject us to increased compliance costs in the
future. In addition, due to increasing regulatory requirements applicable to our operations, appropriate training of crewmembers may become more time-consuming and may increase our operating costs. 

The governing bodies, such as the U.S. Department of Justice, U.S. Department of Transportation and the EU, who promulgate the laws and
regulations related to persons with disabilities, such as the American with Disabilities Act and the European Union’s Passenger Rights Proposal, have each recently been considering whether the cruise industry’s existing practices and
physical facilities are sufficient to meet the needs of cruise passengers with disabilities. Although we have made improvements to our practices and physical facilities to enhance the onboard experience of our guests with disabilities, the
adoption of new laws, regulations or compliance agreements could require further enhancements to our ships and increases in our operating expenses. 

In March 2010, the Patient Protection & Affordable Care Act was signed into law in the U.S. The effective dates of various provisions range from the date of enactment through 2018. The most
significant impact on our operations will be the requirement to provide medical coverage to U.S. citizens working onboard our foreign flag ships starting in 2014. The impact of implementing the provision of this act is not expected to be
significant. 

•

 Changes in income tax laws and regulations and income tax treaties may adversely affect the taxation of our shipping income and our profitability.

We believe that substantially all of the income earned by Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc and each
of their subsidiaries qualifies for taxation based on vessel tonnage, is exempt or is subject to minimal taxes in the jurisdictions where the entities are incorporated. If we did not qualify for tonnage tax, exemption or minimal taxes or if the laws
that provide for these tax systems were changed, we would have significantly higher income tax expense. For example, the state of Alaska instituted income taxes in 2007, which directly impacted the cruise industry operating in Alaska. As budgetary
constraints continue to adversely impact the jurisdictions in which we operate, increases in income tax regulations affecting our operations may be imposed. 

We are subject to the continual examination of our income tax returns by tax authorities in the jurisdictions where we operate. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these
examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcome from these examinations will not adversely affect our net income. 

28 

We continue to monitor global administrative, legislative and judicial tax related
developments and evaluate a variety of possible courses of action based upon such developments. However, there is no assurance that such actions, if taken, will successfully mitigate adverse income tax consequences. 

See Part I, Item 1. Business. G. “Taxation” for additional discussion of tax risks. 

•

 We are subject to many economic, market and political factors that are beyond our control, which could increase our operating, financing and other
costs and could harm future sales and profitability. 

Some of our operating costs, including fuel, food,
payroll, port costs, security and other commodity-based items are subject to increases because of market forces, economic or political instability or decisions beyond our control. In addition, interest rates, currency exchange rate fluctuations and
our ability to obtain debt or equity financing are dependent on many economic, market and political factors. Increases in operating and financing costs could adversely affect our results because we may not be able to recover these increased costs
through price increases charged to our guests and such increases may adversely impact our liquidity and credit ratings. 

Economic, market and political conditions in certain parts of the world, including fuel demand and supply disruptions and related
infrastructure needs, make it difficult to predict the price and availability of fuel in the future. Future increases in the global price of fuel would increase the cost of our cruise ship operations. We may be unable to implement
additional fuel conservation initiatives and other best practices or increase ticket prices and collect fuel supplements, which would help to fully or partially offset these fuel price increases. 

It is possible that jurisdictions or ports of call that we regularly visit may also decide to assess new taxes or fees or change existing
taxes or fees specifically targeted to the cruise industry, its employees and guests, including value added taxes on cruise tickets and onboard revenues and changes in the scope of income that is includable within tonnage tax regimes, which could
increase our operating costs and could decrease the demand for cruises and ultimately decrease our net revenue yields and net income. For example, Spain recently imposed a value-added tax on the sale of certain onboard goods and services.

•

 Our ability to implement our shipbuilding programs and ship repairs, maintenance and refurbishments on terms that are favorable or consistent with
our expectations could reduce our profitability. In addition, we may incur increases in our repairs and maintenance expenses and refurbishment costs as our fleet ages. 

The construction, repair, maintenance and refurbishment of cruise ships are complex processes and involve risks similar to those
encountered in other large and sophisticated construction, repair, maintenance and refurbishment projects, which could cause delays and cost overruns in completing such work. As our fleet ages, our repair and maintenance expenses will increase, such
as the required 25 year survey which is more exhaustive and thus may require additional repair and maintenance work to be performed. In addition, work stoppages, insolvencies or other financial difficulties at the shipyards and their
subcontractors and suppliers who build, repair, maintain or refurbish our ships could also delay or prevent the delivery of our ships under construction and prevent or delay the completion of the refurbishment, repair and maintenance of existing
ships in our fleet. These events could adversely affect our profitability. However, the impact from a delay in delivery of our newbuilds is expected to be partially mitigated by contractual provisions and bank guarantees that we require
shipyards to provide to us. In addition, the consolidation of the control of certain cruise shipyards or cruise shipyard voluntary capacity reductions or insolvencies could result in less shipyard availability thus reducing competition and
increasing prices. Finally, the lack of qualified shipyard repair facilities could result in the inability to repair and maintain our ships on a timely basis, which could also result in reduced profitability. 

Also, the European shipyards that build our ships are currently eligible to benefit from governmental subsidies that support innovation,
development, employment and export credit financing through 2011. Recently, the EC launched a review of the state aid programs to the shipbuilding sector, which, if terminated, could result in, among other things, higher future construction and
financing costs. 

As of November 30, 2010, we had entered into foreign currency forwards and options to fix a portion of
the cost in U.S. dollars of two of our euro-denominated shipbuilding contracts. If the shipyard with which we have contracted is unable to perform under the related contracts, the foreign currency forwards and options related to the
shipyard’s shipbuilding contracts would still have to be honored. This might require us to realize a loss on existing foreign currency forwards and options without an offsetting gain on our foreign currency denominated shipbuilding contracts,
thus resulting in an adverse effect on our financial results. As all of our newbuilds are being built by European shipyards and substantially all our newbuild costs are priced in euros, the ability to purchase ships for our North America and UK
brands at favorable U.S. dollar and sterling prices, respectively, is adversely impacted as a result of the weaker U.S. dollar and weaker sterling compared to the euro. This can result in higher newbuild costs and reduced profitability for our North
America and UK brands. Finally, the prices of various commodities that are used in the construction of ships, such as steel, can be subject to volatile price changes and, accordingly, the cost of future newbuilds may increase, which could have an
adverse impact on our profitability. 

In connection with our shipbuilding contracts, we do not anticipate any contractual
breakage or cancellations by us to occur. However, if any were to occur, it could result in, among other things, the forfeiture of our payments and the imposition of contractual liquidated damages. 

29 

•

 Our success depends upon the continued strength of our cruise brands and our ability to implement our brand strategies.

We believe that our cruise brands have contributed significantly to the success of our business and that
maintaining and enhancing our brands is critical to expanding their customer base. In addition, the ability of our brands to successfully target different segments of the various vacation markets in which they operate enables them to continue
to expand and strengthen their business. Failure to protect our brands from infringers or to grow the brands could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

•

 Our international operations are subject to additional risks not generally applicable to our U.S. operations and may result in increased costs and
risks and adversely affect our financial position and results of operations. 

Our international
operations are subject to additional risks, including, but not limited to, adverse changes in foreign countries’ political systems, hostility from local populations, restrictions and taxes on the withdrawal of foreign investment and earnings
and other payments by subsidiaries, government policies against the cruise, vacation or maritime businesses, local cabotage requirements, investment restrictions or requirements, diminished ability to legally enforce our contractual rights in
foreign countries, commercial instability caused by corruption, foreign exchange restrictions and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and changes in and application of foreign taxation structures including value-added taxes, which could
have an adverse impact on our profitability. 

•

 Geographic regions in which we try to expand our business may be slow to develop, and ultimately not develop how we expect, thus resulting in the
slower growth of our business. 

As we expand our global presence it requires, among other things,
investments and start-up costs that we may not recover through future revenues from these markets. In addition, we cannot be certain that these markets will ultimately develop as we expect. Accordingly, our business expansion may not
produce the returns that we had expected. For instance, in 2006 we entered the Chinese market, which is developing slower than originally expected for a number of reasons. 

•

 Whether our future operating cash flow will be sufficient to fund future obligations and whether we will be able to obtain financing, if necessary,
in sufficient amounts and on terms that are favorable or consistent with our expectations may adversely impact our financial results. In addition, our counterparties’ abilities to perform may adversely impact us.

Our forecasted cash flow from future operations may be adversely affected by various factors, including,
but not limited to, declines in guest demand, increased competition, overcapacity, inadequate liquidity and other issues in the global debt and equity markets, terrorist and pirate attacks and the threats thereof, the impact of the spread of
contagious diseases such as flu virus, ship accidents and other incidents, adverse publicity, adverse currency movements, increases in fuel prices and other factors noted under these “Risk Factors.” To the extent that we are required, or
choose, to fund future cash requirements, including current and future shipbuilding commitments, from sources other than cash flow from operations, available cash and committed external sources of liquidity, including committed ship and other
financings, we will have to secure such financing from export credit agencies, banks and through the offering of debt and equity securities in the public or private markets. There is no guarantee that such financings will be available in the
future to fund our future obligations. 

Our access to, and the cost of, financing will depend on, among other things,
conditions or disruptions in the global financing markets, the availability of sufficient amounts of financing and the maintenance of our investment grade long-term credit ratings. If our long-term credit rating were to be downgraded or assigned a
negative outlook, our access to, and the cost of, financing may be negatively impacted. 

The ability of our counterparties,
primarily associated with our cash equivalents, investments, committed financing facilities, contingent obligations, derivative instruments, insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees, to perform may adversely impact us if any of
their financial positions weaken materially or they suffer other financial disruptions. 

•

 Continuing financial viability of our travel agent distribution system, air service providers and other key vendors in our supply chain is essential
to allowing us to profitably operate our business. In addition, reductions in the availability of, and increases in the prices for, the services and products provided by these vendors can adversely impact our net income.

The vast majority of our guests book their cruises through independent travel agents, wholesalers and
tour operators. These parties generally sell and market our cruises on a nonexclusive basis. Although we believe we offer commissions and other incentives to them for booking our cruises that are comparable to those offered by others in the cruise
industry, there can be no guarantee that our competitors will not offer higher commissions and incentives in the future, and thus adversely impact our business. Significant disruptions, contractions or consolidations to our travel agent distribution
system, such as those caused by a reduction in travel and related commission income as a result of an economic slowdown, could have an adverse effect on our sales and related commission costs. 

Some of our guests depend on scheduled or chartered commercial airline services to transport them to or from the port cities where our
cruises embark and disembark. Changes or disruptions in commercial or chartered airline services as a result of strikes, financial instability or viability, adverse weather conditions, airport delays or other events, or the lack of availability
due to schedule changes or a high level of airline bookings could adversely affect our ability to deliver guests to or from our cruise ships and increase our cost of sales which would, in turn, have an adverse effect on our results of
operations. In addition, increases in the prices of airfares would increase the overall vacation price to our guests and may adversely affect demand for our cruises. 

30 

Economic downturns may impact the financial viability of other key vendors in our supply
chain and the interruption in the services or goods we purchase from them could adversely impact our operations and profitability. 

•

 Our decisions to self-insure against various risks or the inability to obtain insurance for certain risks at reasonable rates could result in higher
expenses. 

We seek to maintain comprehensive insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates. We
believe that our current coverage is adequate to protect us against most of the significant risks involved in the conduct of our business, although we do elect to self-insure or use higher deductibles for substantially all the insurable risks we
face in order to minimize the cost of our insurance coverages. Accordingly, we are not protected against all risks, which could result in unexpected increases in our expenses in the event of an incident. 

We may also be subject to additional premium costs in amounts based not only on our own claim records but also on the claim records of
all other members of the P&I associations through which we receive indemnity coverage for tort liability. If we or other members of our P&I associations were to sustain significant losses in the future, our ability to obtain insurance
coverage at commercially reasonable rates could be materially adversely affected. Finally, if other marine insurers experience more claims it could result in additional premium costs for us. 

•

 Disruptions and other damages to our information technology and other networks and operations and breaches in data security could result in
decreases in our net income. 

Our ability to increase revenues and control costs, as well as our ability
to serve guests most effectively depends in part on the reliability of our sophisticated information technology (“IT”) and other networks. We use software, IT, communications and other systems to, among other things, manage our
inventory of cabins held for sale and set pricing in order to maximize our revenue yields and to optimize the effectiveness and efficiency of our shoreside and shipboard operations. Disruptions or damage to these computer and other systems or
unauthorized access to confidential customer or employee personal information could adversely impact our guest services and guest satisfaction, employee relationships, reputation and guests demand and could result in increased costs and lower demand
and pricing for our cruises. In addition, the operation, maintenance and updating of these networks is in some cases dependent on third-party technologies, systems and services for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability. While we
have invested and continue to invest in IT and other security initiatives and disaster recovery plans, these measures cannot completely insulate us from IT and other disruptions that could result in adverse effects on our operations and
profitability. 

•

 The loss of key personnel or our ability to recruit or retain qualified personnel could adversely affect our results of operations.

We rely upon the ability, expertise, judgment, discretion, integrity and good faith of our senior
management team. Our success is dependent upon our personnel and our ability to recruit and train high quality employees. We must continue to recruit, retain and motivate management and other employees sufficient to maintain our current business and
support our projected growth. The loss of services of any of our key management could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

The leadership of our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Arison, and our Vice-Chairman and Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Frank, and other executive and senior officers has been a critical
element of our success. The death or disability of Mr. Arison or Mr. Frank or other extended or permanent loss of their services, or any negative market or industry perception with respect to them or arising from their loss, could have an
adverse effect on our business. Our other executive and senior officers and other members of management have substantial experience and expertise in our business and have made significant contributions to our growth and success. The unexpected
loss of services of one or more of these individuals could also adversely affect us. We are not protected by key man or similar life insurance covering members of our executive and senior management. We do not have employment agreements with
substantially all of our officers. 

•

 Union disputes and other employee relation issues could adversely affect our financial results. 

Some of our employees are represented by labor unions in a number of countries under various collective bargaining agreements with varying
durations and expiration dates. We may not be able to satisfactorily renegotiate these collective bargaining agreements when they expire. In addition, existing collective bargaining agreements may not prevent a strike or work stoppage on our ships
in the future. We may also be subject to work stoppages unrelated to our business or collective bargaining agreements. Any such work stoppages, or potential work stoppages, could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

•

 Lack of continuing availability of attractive, convenient and safe port destinations could adversely affect our net revenue yields and net income.

We believe that attractive, convenient and safe port destinations, including ports that are not overly
congested with tourists, are major reasons why our guests choose a cruise versus an alternative vacation option. The continuing availability of these types of ports, 

31 

including the specific port facility at which our guests will embark and disembark, is affected by a number of factors including, but not limited to, existing capacity constraints, security,
safety and environmental concerns, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, financial limitations on port development, political instability, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our competitors, local governmental regulations
and charges and local community concerns about both port development and other adverse impacts on their communities from additional tourists. The inability to continue to utilize, maintain, rebuild, if necessary, and increase the number of ports
that our ships call on could adversely affect our net revenue yields and net income. 

•

 The DLC structure involves risks not associated with the more common ways of combining the operations of two companies and these risks may have an
adverse effect on the economic performance of the companies and their respective share prices. 

The DLC
structure is a relatively uncommon way of combining the management and operations of two companies and it involves different issues and risks from those associated with the other more common ways of impacting a business combination, such as a merger
or exchange offer to create a wholly owned subsidiary. In our DLC structure, the combination is effected primarily by means of contracts between Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc and not by operation of a statute or court order. The legal effect
of these contractual rights may be different from the legal effect of a merger or amalgamation under statute or court order, and there may be difficulties in enforcing these contractual rights. Shareholders and creditors of either company might
challenge the validity of the contracts or their lack of standing to enforce rights under these contracts, and courts may interpret or enforce these contracts in a manner inconsistent with the express provisions and intentions we included in such
contracts. In addition, shareholders and creditors of other companies might successfully challenge other DLC structures and establish legal precedents that could increase the risk of a successful challenge to our DLC structure. 

•

 A small group of shareholders collectively owned, as of January 14, 2011, approximately 27% of the total combined voting power of our
outstanding shares and may be able to effectively control the outcome of shareholder voting. 

As of
January 14, 2011 a group of shareholders, consisting of some members of the Arison family, including Micky Arison, and trusts established for their benefit, beneficially owned approximately 35% of the outstanding common stock of Carnival
Corporation, which shares represent sufficient shares entitled to constitute a quorum at shareholder meetings and to cast approximately 27% of the total combined voting power of Carnival Corporation & plc. Depending upon the nature and
extent of the shareholder vote, this group of shareholders may have the power to effectively control, or at least to influence substantially, the outcome of certain shareholder votes and, therefore, the corporate actions requiring such votes.

•

 Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc are not U.S. corporations, and our shareholders may be subject to the uncertainties of a foreign legal system
in protecting their interests. 

Carnival Corporation’s corporate affairs are governed by its Third
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (“Articles”) and Third Amended and Restated By-Laws (“By-Laws”) and by the laws of Panama. Carnival plc is governed by its Articles of Association and by the laws of England and
Wales. The contracts that control the relationship between Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc under the DLC are governed by the laws of Panama, the Isle of Man and the Cayman Islands. The laws of Panama, England and Wales, the Isle of Man
and the Cayman Islands may differ in some respects from the laws in the U.S. 

•

 Provisions in Carnival Corporation’s and Carnival plc’s constitutional documents may prevent or discourage takeovers and business
combinations that our shareholders might consider to be in their best interests. 

Carnival
Corporation’s Articles and By-Laws and Carnival plc’s Articles of Association contain provisions that may delay, defer, prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that our shareholders consider to be in their best interests. As a
result, these provisions may prevent our shareholders from receiving a premium to the market price of our shares offered by a bidder in a takeover context. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely
affect the prevailing market price of our shares if they are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future. 

Specifically, Carnival Corporation’s Articles contain provisions that prevent third parties, other than the Arison family and trusts
established for their benefit, from acquiring beneficial ownership of more than 4.9% of its outstanding shares without the consent of Carnival Corporation’s Board of Directors and provide for the lapse of rights, and sale, of any shares
acquired in excess of that limit. The effect of these provisions may preclude third parties from seeking to acquire a controlling interest in us in transactions that shareholders might consider to be in their best interests and may prevent them from
receiving a premium above market price for their shares. 

Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future
Results 

Some of the statements, estimates or projections contained in this Form 10-K are “forward-looking
statements” that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions with respect to us, including some statements concerning future results, outlooks, plans, goals and other events which have not yet occurred. These statements are intended to qualify
for the safe harbors from liability provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We have tried, whenever possible, to identify these statements by using words like
“will,” “may,” “could,” “should,” “would,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “forecast,” “future,”

32 

“intend,” “plan,” “estimate” and similar expressions of future intent or the negative of such terms. 

Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, there are many factors that could cause our actual results,
performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied in this Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements include those statements which may impact, among other things, the forecasting of our earnings per share, net revenue
yields, booking levels, pricing, occupancy, operating, financing and tax costs, fuel expenses, costs per available lower berth day, estimates of ship depreciable lives and residual values, liquidity, goodwill and trademark fair values and outlook.

Certain of the risks we are exposed to are identified in this Item 1A. “Risk Factors.” This section
contains important cautionary statements and a discussion of many of the factors that could materially affect the accuracy of our forward-looking statements and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial position. 

Forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual results. Subject to any continuing obligations under
applicable law or any relevant stock exchange rules, we expressly disclaim any obligation to disseminate, after the date of this Form 10-K, any updates or revisions to any such forward-looking statements to reflect any change in expectations or
events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based.