. 

You
should consider carefully the specific risk factors set forth below and the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this Form 10-K, as these are important factors, among others, that could cause our actual results to differ from
our expected or historical results. You should note that the risks listed below are not the only risks we face. The risks described below are only those risks relating to our operations and financial condition that we consider material.
There may be additional risks, that we currently consider not to be material, or which we are not currently aware of, and any of these risks could have the effects set forth above. Some of the statements in this section and elsewhere in this
Form 10-K are “forward-looking statements.” For a discussion of those statements and of other factors to consider see the “Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results” section below. 

•

General economic and business conditions, including fuel price increases, high unemployment rates, and declines in the securities, real
estate and other markets, and perceptions of these conditions, may adversely impact the levels of our potential vacationers’ discretionary income and net worth and this group’s confidence in their country’
s economy and,
consequently, reduce our cruise brands’ net revenue yields and profitability. 

Demand for cruises is
in part dependent on the underlying perceived or actual economic strength of the countries from which cruise companies source their guests. Adverse changes in the perceived or actual economic climate, such as higher fuel prices, higher
unemployment rates, higher interest rates, stock, real estate and other market declines and volatility, more restrictive credit markets, higher taxes, and changes in governmental policies could reduce the discretionary income or consumer confidence
in the countries from which we source our guests. Consequently this may negatively affect demand for vacations, including cruise vacations, which are a discretionary purchase. Decreases in demand could lead to price discounting which, in
turn, could reduce the profitability of our business. Decreases in discretionary income or consumer confidence could also result in lower onboard revenues, which could also have a negative effect on our profitability.

•

 Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates could affect our financial results. 

We earn revenues, pay expenses, purchase and own assets, and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the U.S. dollar, most
importantly the euro, sterling, the Australian dollar and the Canadian dollar. In fiscal 2009, we derived approximately 53% of our revenues from passengers sourced from countries outside of the U.S. Because our consolidated financial statements
are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenues and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. In addition, we must report currency
transactions in the functional currencies of our reporting units. Therefore, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, particularly the strengthening of the U.S. dollar against our other major currencies, will adversely affect our U.S.
dollar reported financial results. 

31 

•

The international political climate, armed conflicts, terrorist and pirate attacks and threats thereof, and other world events affecting the
safety and security of travel could adversely affect the demand for cruises and could harm our future sales and profitability. 

Demand for cruises and other vacation options has been, and is expected to continue to be, affected by the public’s attitude towards the safety and security of travel. Events such as the
terrorist attacks in the U.S. on September 11, 2001 and the threats of additional attacks in the U.S. and elsewhere, drug related violence in Mexico, concerns of an outbreak of additional hostilities and national government travel advisories,
together with the resulting political instability and concerns over safety and security aspects of traveling, have had a significant adverse impact on demand and pricing in the travel and vacation industry in the past, and may have an adverse impact
in the future. Decreases in demand could lead to price discounting which, in turn, could reduce the profitability of our business. 

•

We may lose business to competitors throughout the vacation market, which could adversely affect our operations and financial condition. 

We face significant competition from other cruise lines, both on the basis of cruise pricing and also in
terms of the types of ships, services and destinations being offered to cruise guests. We try to differentiate ourselves from our cruise competitors by offering new itineraries, products and services to our guests, but the acceptance of each
offering is not certain and consumers’ preferences are always subject to change. In addition, we may choose to enhance our older ships with innovative amenities and improvements in order for those ships to be more competitive with other cruise
ships. Our principal competitors include those listed in this Form 10-K under Part I, Item 1. Business. B. “Cruise Operations – Competition.” 

In addition, we operate in the vacation market, and cruising is only one of many alternatives for people choosing a vacation. We therefore risk losing business not only to other cruise lines, but also to
other vacation operators that provide other travel and leisure options, including, but not limited to, hotels, resorts, theme parks, organized tours, land-based casino operators and vacation ownership properties. 

In the event that we do not compete effectively with other cruise companies and other vacation alternatives, our results of operations and
financial condition could be adversely affected. 

•

Overcapacity in the cruise ship and land-based vacation industries could have a negative impact on our net revenue yields and increase
operating costs, thus resulting in ship, goodwill and trademark asset impairments, all of which could adversely affect profitability. 

Cruising capacity has grown in recent years and we expect it to continue to increase over the next three years as most of the major cruise vacation companies are expected to introduce new ships. In
order to fill new capacity, the cruise vacation industry will probably need to increase its share of the overall vacation market. The overall vacation market is also facing increases in land-based vacation capacity, which will also impact
us. Failure to increase our share of the overall vacation market is one of a number of factors that could have a negative impact on our net revenue yields. Should net revenue yields be negatively impacted, our results of operations and
financial condition could be adversely affected, including the impairment of the value of our ships, goodwill and trademark assets. In addition, increased cruise capacity could impact our ability to retain and attract qualified crew, including
officers, at competitive costs and, therefore, increase our shipboard employee costs.

•

Accidents, the spread of contagious diseases and threats thereof, adverse weather conditions or natural disasters and other incidents
affecting the health, safety, security and satisfaction of guests and crew could have an adverse effect on our sales and profitability. 

The operation of cruise ships, hotels, land tours, port facilities and shore excursions involve the risk of accidents, including those caused by the improper operation of our ships, motorcoaches and
trains, guest and crew illnesses such as from the spread of contagious diseases, mechanical failures, fires, collisions, groundings, and other incidents at sea or while in port or on land, which may cause injury and death, or the alteration of
itineraries or cancellation of a cruise or series of cruises or tours. These types of incidents may bring into question guest and crew health, safety, security and satisfaction, and thereby adversely affect our sales and profitability.

32 

In particular, our ability to effectively and efficiently operate shipboard and shoreside
activities may be impacted by widespread illnesses resulting in, among other things, reduced demand for cruises and cruise cancellations and employee absenteeism that could have an adverse affect on our sales and profitability. For example, a severe
outbreak of the flu virus or some other pandemic could, among other things, disrupt our ability to embark/disembark passengers and crew, disrupt air travel to and from ports, increase costs for prevention and treatment and adversely affect our
supply chain. This could also adversely impact cruise demand in areas unaffected by such an outbreak. 

Our cruise ships,
hotels, land tours, port facilities, shore excursions and other service providers may be impacted by adverse weather patterns or natural disasters, such as hurricanes and earthquakes. These events could result in, among other things, increased
port related and other costs as third-party operators seek to charge us additional amounts in order to recover expenses caused by adverse events. It is possible that we could be forced to alter itineraries or cancel a cruise or a series of
cruises or tours due to these or other factors, which would have an adverse affect on our sales and profitability. 

Furthermore, some of the same factors that impact our guests’ decisions to cruise with us may also impact our ability to employ qualified crew. 

•

Adverse publicity concerning the cruise industry in general, or us in particular, including any adverse impact that cruising may have on the
marine environment, could impact the demand for cruises and affect our reputation and harm our future sales and profitability. 

Maintaining a good reputation is critical to our business. Reports, whether true or not, of ship accidents and other incidents at sea or while in port, including missing guests, inappropriate crew
and guest behavior, onboard crimes, crew and guest illnesses such as incidents of stomach flu or other contagious diseases, security breaches, terrorist threats and attacks and other adverse events can result in negative publicity, and the
perception that cruising is more dangerous than other vacation alternatives. In addition, publicity regarding the adverse environmental impact of cruise ships on marine life could diminish our reputation. Anything that damages our reputation,
whether or not justified, including adverse publicity about the safety and guest satisfaction of cruising, or the vacation industry in general, could have an adverse impact on demand, which could lead to price discounting and a reduction in our
sales and profitability. 

•

 Environmental legislation and regulations could affect our operations, such as causing fuel shortages, supply disruptions, and changes in fuel
specifications, and thus increase our operating costs, which could also impact our liquidity and credit ratings. 

Some environmental groups have lobbied for more stringent regulation of cruise ships. Some groups have also generated negative publicity about the cruise industry and its environmental impact. The U.S. Congress, the IMO and the
U.S. Environmental Protection Agency periodically consider new laws and regulations to manage cruise ship discharges. In addition, various other regulatory agencies in the states of Alaska, California, Florida, Hawaii, Maine, Washington and
elsewhere, including European regulatory organizations, have enacted or are considering new regulations or policies, such as requirements to use lower sulfur content fuels and stricter emission limits to reduce greenhouse gas effects, which could
adversely impact the cruise and other industries. See Part I, Item 1. Business. B. “Cruise Operations – Governmental Regulations – Maritime Regulations for additional information regarding these risks.” 

The IMO has amended the MARPOL Annex VI regulations to reduce harmful emissions from ships. As described in “Maritime
Environmental Regulations” as referenced above, these changes will result in reductions in ship sulfur oxide emissions by requiring progressive reductions in the sulfur content in fuel. These limits will be further reduced in designated
ECAs, including ECAs that have been or could be proposed in prime cruising areas. As a result of these amendments, low sulfur fuel may be less available because of increased demand, and the cost of such fuel may increase. If utilized, new
sulfur emissions abatement technologies may also increase costs. The increase in fuel prices impacts not only our fuel costs, but also some of our other expenses, such as crew travel, freight, and commodity prices, and can have an adverse
impact on our profitability, liquidity and credit ratings. 

33 

Initiatives to limit greenhouse gas emissions have been introduced or are being considered
in several European countries. Similarly, numerous bills related to climate change have been introduced in the U.S. Congress, which could adversely impact all industries. While not all are likely to become law, this is a strong indication
that additional climate change related mandates will be forthcoming, and it is expected that they may adversely impact our costs, including, among other things, increasing fuel prices, including new taxes on bunker fuel, and establishing costly
emissions trading schemes. 

Current and future environmental laws and regulations, or liabilities arising from past or future
releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances or to vessel discharges, could increase our cost of compliance or otherwise materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

•

New regulations relating to the protection of disabled persons, employment, health, safety, security and other regulatory issues could
increase our costs. 

We are subject to various international, national, state and local laws,
regulations, treaties and employee union agreements related to, among other things, disabled persons, employment, health, safety and security. We believe that these areas will continue to be focused on by relevant government authorities in the U.S.,
Europe and elsewhere. Accordingly, new legislation, regulations or treaties, or changes thereto, could impact our operations and would likely subject us to increased compliance costs in the future. In addition, due to increasing regulatory
requirements applicable to our operations, appropriate training of crewmembers has become more time-consuming and increased our operating costs. See Part I, Item 1. Business. B. “Cruise Operations-Governmental Regulations” for a
detailed discussion of some of these regulatory issues and related risks. 

The governing bodies who promulgate the laws and
regulations related to disabled persons, such as the American with Disabilities Act and the European Union’s Passenger Rights Proposal, have each recently been considering whether the cruise industry’s existing practices and physical
facilities are sufficient to meet the needs of cruise passengers with disabilities. Although we have made improvements to our practices and physical facilities to enhance the onboard experience of our disabled guests, the adoption of new laws,
regulations or compliance agreements could require further enhancements to our ships and increases in our operating expenses. 

•

Changes in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code, applicable U.S. income tax treaties, and the uncertainty of the DLC structure under the Internal
Revenue Code may adversely affect the U.S. federal income taxation of our U.S. source shipping income. In addition, changes in the UK, Italian, German, Australian, Spanish, Portuguese and other countries’ or states’ income or other
tax laws, regulations or treaties could also adversely affect our net income. 

We believe that
substantially all of the U.S. source shipping income of each of Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc qualifies for exemption from U.S. federal income tax, either under (1) Section 883 of the Internal Revenue Code; or (2) applicable
U.S. income tax treaties, and should continue to so qualify under the DLC structure. There is, however, no existing U.S. federal income tax authority that directly addresses the tax consequences of implementation of a DLC structure for purposes of
Section 883 or any other provision of the Internal Revenue Code or any income tax treaty and, consequently, these matters are not free from doubt. 

If we did not qualify for exemption from substantially all U.S. federal income taxes or if such exemptions or laws were changed, we would have significantly higher U.S. income tax expense. In addition,
changes in the income or other tax laws affecting our cruise businesses in the UK, Italy, Germany, Australia, Spain, Portugal and elsewhere could result in higher income or other taxes being levied on our cruise operations, thus resulting in lower
net income. For example, the state of Alaska instituted income taxes in 2007, which directly impacted the cruise industry operating in Alaska. 

In recent years, members of the U.S. Congress and the U.S. Executive Branch have been considering substantive changes designed to reform the existing U.S. international tax laws. Some of these
changes, if enacted, could adversely impact U.S. federal taxation of our income. For example, several proposals included provisions that would have changed the rules for determining the tax residency of a non-U.S. company managed and controlled
in the U.S. Any modification to the U.S. federal income tax laws that affects the tax residency of a non-U.S. company managed and controlled in the U.S. could adversely affect the U.S. federal taxation of some or all of our
income. Although the most recently proposed legislation in this area did not include any “management and control” provision, we are unable to predict whether any of these changes, or other proposals, will ultimately be
enacted. We will continue to monitor the administrative, legislative and judicial developments in this area and evaluate a variety of possible courses of action, including restructuring of our organization. However, there is no assurance
that such actions, if taken, will successfully mitigate adverse consequences of these or other changes to the existing U.S. international tax laws. 

See Part I, Item 1. Business. G. “Taxation” for additional discussion of tax risks. 

34 

•

We are subject to many economic, market and political factors that are beyond our control, which could result in increases in our operating,
financing and non income tax costs and could harm future sales and profitability. 

Some of our operating
costs, including fuel, food, insurance, payroll and security costs, are subject to increases because of market forces, economic or political instability or decisions beyond our control. In addition, interest rates, currency exchange rate
fluctuations and our ability to obtain debt or equity financing are dependent on many economic, market and political factors. Actions by taxing jurisdictions could also cause an increase in our costs. Increases in operating, financing and non income
tax costs could adversely affect our results because we may not be able to recover these increased costs through price increases charged to our guests and such increases may adversely impact our liquidity and credit ratings. 

For example, in 2009, 2008 and 2007 fuel costs accounted for 14.7%, 20.3% and 14.9%, respectively, of our total cruise operating
expenses. Economic, market and political conditions in certain parts of the world, including fuel demand and supply disruptions, make it difficult to predict the price and availability of fuel in the future. In 2008, we had taken actions
to partially offset the effects of higher fuel costs through the addition of temporary fuel supplement fees charged by substantially all of our brands. Through these fuel supplement efforts, we managed to collect approximately 30% of the impact
of increased annual 2008 fuel prices. Success in trying to offset higher fuel costs with ticket price increases and fuel supplements is largely influenced by competitive factors and economic conditions, which can vary significantly depending on
the market served, and the guests’ perception of these costs. As a result of the late 2008 decreases in fuel prices from their previous high levels, substantially all of our brands no longer charge a fuel supplement. However, future
increases in the global cost of fuel would increase the cost of our cruise ship operations. In the future we may be unable to implement additional fuel conservation initiatives and other best practices, or increase ticket prices and/or collect
fuel supplements, which would help offset these fuel cost increases. 

In addition, the state of Alaska instituted excise and
passenger head taxes in 2007, which directly impacted the cruise industry operating in Alaska. It is possible that other states, countries or ports of call that we regularly visit may also decide to assess new taxes or fees or change existing
taxes or fees specifically targeted to the cruise industry and its employees and guests, including value added taxes on cruise tickets and onboard revenues and changes in the scope of income that is includable within tonnage tax regimes, which could
increase our operating costs and could decrease the demand for cruises and ultimately decrease our net revenue yields and net income. 

•

 Our ability to implement our shipbuilding programs and ship maintenance, repairs and refurbishments, including ordering additional ships for our
cruise brands from shipyards, on terms that are favorable or consistent with our expectations could reduce our profitability. 

The construction, refurbishment, maintenance and repair of cruise ships are complex processes and involve risks similar to those encountered in other large and sophisticated construction, refurbishment,
maintenance and repair projects, which could cause delays in completion of such work. In addition, work stoppages, insolvencies or other financial difficulties at the shipyards and their subcontractors and suppliers who build, refurbish,
maintain or repair our ships could also delay or prevent the delivery of our ships under construction or the refurbishment, repair and maintenance of existing ships in our fleet. These events could adversely affect our
profitability. However, the impact from a delay in delivery of our newbuilds is expected to be partially mitigated by contractual provisions and bank guarantees that we require shipyards to provide to us. In addition, the consolidation of
the control of certain cruise shipyards or cruise shipyard insolvencies could result in less shipyard availability thus reducing competition and increasing prices. Finally, the lack of qualified shipyard repair facilities could result in the
inability to repair and maintain our ships on a timely basis, which could also result in reduced profitability. 

35 

As of November 30, 2009, we had entered into foreign currency forwards and/or options
to fix a portion of the cost in U.S. dollars or sterling of two of our euro-denominated shipbuilding contracts. If the shipyard with which we have contracted is unable to perform under the related contracts, the foreign currency forwards and/or
options related to the shipyard’s shipbuilding contracts would still have to be honored. This might require us to realize a loss on existing foreign currency forwards and/or options without an offsetting gain on our foreign currency denominated
shipbuilding contracts, thus resulting in an adverse effect on our financial results. As all of our newbuilds are being built by European shipyards and substantially all our newbuild costs are priced in euros, the ability to purchase ships for our
North American and UK brands at favorable U.S. dollar and sterling prices, respectively, is adversely impacted as a result of the weaker U.S. dollar and weaker sterling compared to the euro. This can result in higher newbuild costs and reduced
profitability for our North American and UK brands. Finally, the prices of various commodities that are used in the construction of ships, such as steel, can be subject to volatile price changes and, accordingly, the cost of future newbuilds may
increase, which could have an adverse impact on our net income. 

In connection with our shipbuilding contracts, we do not
anticipate any contractual breakage or cancellations by us to occur. However, if any were to occur, it could result in, among other things, the forfeiture of our payments and the imposition of contractual liquidated damages. 

•

Our success depends upon the continued strength of our cruise brands and our ability to implement our brand strategies.

We believe that our cruise brands have contributed significantly to the success of our business and that
maintaining and enhancing our brands is critical to expanding their customer base. In addition, the ability of our brands to successfully target different segments of the various vacation markets in which they operate enables them to continue
to expand and strengthen their business. Failure to protect our brands from infringers or to grow the brands globally could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

•

Our international operations are subject to additional risks not generally applicable to our U.S. operations.

Our international operations are subject to additional risks, including, but not limited to, potential
adverse changes in the diplomatic relations between foreign countries, hostility from local populations, restrictions and taxes on the withdrawal of foreign investment and earnings, government policies against the cruise business, investment
restrictions or requirements, diminished ability to legally enforce our contractual rights in foreign countries, foreign exchange restrictions and fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, withholding and other taxes on remittances and other
payments by subsidiaries, and changes in and application of foreign taxation structures including value added taxes. 

•

Geographic regions in which we try to expand our business may be slow to develop, and ultimately not develop how we expect, thus resulting in
the slower growth of our business. 

As we expand our global presence into both existing lower-penetrated
markets and emerging markets, it requires, among other things, investments and start-up costs that we may not recover through future revenues from these markets. In addition, we cannot be certain that these markets will ultimately develop as we
expect. Accordingly, our business expansion may not produce the returns that we had expected. For instance, in 2006 we entered the Chinese market, and it is still too early to determine if this market will fully develop as expected over the
long-term. 

•

Whether our future operating cash flow will be sufficient to fund future obligations and whether we will be able to obtain financing, if
necessary, in sufficient amounts and on terms that are favorable or consistent with our expectations may adversely impact our financial results. In addition, our counterparties’ ability to perform may adversely impact us.

Our forecasted cash flow from future operations may be adversely affected by various factors, including,
but not limited to, declines in guest demand, increased competition, overcapacity, inadequate liquidity and other issues in the global debt and equity markets, terrorist and pirate attacks and the threats thereof, the impact of the spread of
contagious diseases such as flu virus, ship accidents and other incidents, adverse publicity, increases in fuel prices and other factors noted under these “Risk Factors.”. To the extent that we are required, or choose, to fund future cash
requirements, including current and future shipbuilding commitments, from sources other than cash flow from operations, available cash and current and future committed external sources of liquidity, including committed ship and other financings, we
will have to secure such financing from banks or through the offering of debt and/or equity securities in the public or private markets. There is no guarantee that such financings will be available in the future to fund our future obligations.

36 

Our access to, and the cost of, financing will depend on, among other things, conditions or
disruptions in the global financing markets, the maintenance of our investment grade long-term credit ratings and the availability of sufficient amounts of financing. Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc’s senior, unsecured long-term debt
ratings are A3 from Moody’s Investors Service (“Moody’s”) and BBB+ from Standard & Poor’s Rating Services (“S&P”). Carnival Corporation’s and Carnival plc’s short-term corporate credit
ratings are P-2 from Moody’s and A-2 from S&P’s. In March 2009, our A- credit rating from S&P was downgraded to BBB+ and assigned a negative outlook, which reflected S&P’s concerns that the weakened state of the
economy and the pullback in consumer spending would pressure our ability to sustain our BBB+ credit rating. However in late January 2010, S&P changed our outlook from negative to stable. This change reflects S&P’s expectation that the
improving trend in our advance bookings will continue, as well as S&P’s expectations of improving pricing trends, consumer spending patterns and gross domestic product growth in the U.S. and Europe.

The ability of our counterparties, primarily associated with our cash equivalents, committed financing facilities, contingent obligations,
derivative instruments, insurance contracts and new ship progress payment guarantees, to perform may adversely impact us if any of their financial positions weaken materially or they suffer other financial disruptions. 

•

 Continuing financial viability of our travel agent distribution system, air service providers, and other key vendors in our supply chain is
essential to allowing us to profitably operate our business. In addition, reductions in the availability of and increases in the prices for the services and products provided by these vendors can adversely impact our net income.

Significant disruptions or contractions to our travel agent distribution system, such as those caused by
a reduction in travel and related commission income as a result of an economic slowdown, could have an adverse effect on our sales and related commission costs. In addition, the vast majority of our guests book their cruises through independent
travel agents, wholesalers and tour operators. These parties generally sell and market our cruises on a nonexclusive basis. Although we believe we offer commissions and other incentives to them for booking our cruises that are comparable to
those offered by others in the cruise industry, there can be no guarantee that our competitors will not offer higher commissions and incentives in the future. 

Some of our guests depend on scheduled or chartered commercial airline services to transport them to or from the ports where our cruises embark and disembark. Changes or disruptions in commercial or
chartered airline services as a result of strikes, financial instability or viability, adverse weather conditions or other events, or the lack of availability due to schedule changes or a high level of airline bookings could adversely affect our
ability to deliver guests to or from our cruise ships and increase our cost of sales which would, in turn, have an adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, increases in the prices of airfares would increase the overall vacation
price to our guests and may adversely affect demand for our cruises.

Economic downturns may impact the financial viability of
other key vendors in our supply chain. For example, some of our key vendors, such as hotel and restaurant suppliers, have been adversely affected during the recent economic downturn. The interruption in the services or goods we purchase from them
could adversely impact our operations and net income. 

37 

•

 Our decisions to self-insure against various risks or the inability to obtain insurance for certain risks at reasonable rates could result in higher
expenses. 

We seek to maintain comprehensive insurance coverage at commercially reasonable rates. We
believe that our current coverage is adequate to protect us against most of the significant risks involved in the conduct of our business, although we do elect to self-insure or use higher deductibles for substantially all the insurable risks we
face in order to minimize the cost of our insurance coverages. Accordingly, we are not protected against all risks, which could result in unexpected increases in our expenses in the event of an incident. 

We may also be subject to additional premium costs, in amounts based not only on our own claim records, but also on the claim records of all
other members of the P&I associations through which we receive indemnity coverage for tort liability. If we, or other members of our P&I associations, were to sustain significant losses in the future, our ability to obtain insurance
coverage or coverage at commercially reasonable rates could be materially adversely affected. Finally, if other marine insurers experience more claims, this could result in additional premium costs for us. 

•

Disruptions and other damages to our information technology networks and operations could result in decreases in our net income.

Our ability to increase revenues and control costs, as well as our ability to serve guests most
effectively, depends in part on the reliability of our sophisticated information technology (“IT”) networks. We use software and other IT systems to, among other things, manage our inventory of cabins held for sale and set pricing in
order to maximize our revenue yields, and to optimize the effectiveness and efficiency of our shoreside and shipboard operations. Any disruptions or other damage to these computer systems or unauthorized access to confidential customer or employee
personal information could adversely impact our guest services and satisfaction, employee relationships, decrease the volume of our business and result in increased costs. In addition, the operation, maintenance and updating of these networks is
dependent on third-party technologies, systems and services for which there is no certainty of uninterrupted availability. While we have invested and continue to invest in IT security initiatives and disaster recovery plans, these measures cannot
insulate us from IT disruptions that could result in adverse effects on our operations and net income. 

•

 Lack of continuing availability of attractive, convenient and safe port destinations. 

We believe that attractive, convenient and safe port destinations, including ports that are not overly congested with tourists, are major
reasons why our guests choose a cruise versus an alternative vacation option. The continuing availability of these types of ports, including the specific port facility at which our guests will embark and disembark, is affected by a number of factors
including, but not limited to, existing capacity constraints, security, safety and environmental concerns, adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, financial limitations on port development, political instability, exclusivity arrangements
that ports may have with our competitors, local governmental regulations and charges and local community concerns about both port development and other adverse impacts on their communities from additional tourists. The inability to continue to
utilize, maintain, rebuild, if necessary, and increase the number of ports that our ships call on could adversely affect our net revenue yields and net income. 

•

The DLC structure involves risks not associated with the more common ways of combining the operations of two companies, and these risks may
have an adverse effect on the economic performance of the companies and their respective share prices. 

The DLC structure is a relatively uncommon way of combining the management and operations of two companies and it involves different issues and risks from those associated with the other more common ways of impacting a business combination,
such as a merger or exchange offer to create a wholly owned subsidiary. In our DLC structure, the combination is effected primarily by means of contracts between Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc and not by operation of a statute or court order.
The legal effect of these contractual rights may be different from the legal effect of a merger or amalgamation under statute or court order, and there may be difficulties in enforcing these contractual rights. Shareholders and creditors of
either company might challenge the validity of the contracts or their lack of standing to enforce rights under these contracts, and courts may interpret or enforce these contracts in a manner inconsistent with the express provisions and intentions
we included in such contracts. In addition, shareholders and creditors of other companies might successfully challenge other DLC structures and establish legal precedents that could increase the risk of a successful challenge to our DLC structure.

38 

We maintain two separate public companies and comply with both Panamanian corporate law and
English company laws and different securities and other regulatory and stock exchange requirements in the UK and the U.S. This structure requires more administrative time and cost than was the case for each company individually, which has an adverse
effect on our operating efficiency. 

•

 A small group of shareholders collectively owned, as of January 21, 2010, approximately 27% of the total combined voting power of our
outstanding shares and may be able to effectively control the outcome of shareholder voting. 

As of
January 21, 2010 a group of shareholders, consisting of some members of the Arison family, including Micky Arison, and trusts established for their benefit, beneficially owned approximately 34% of the outstanding common stock of Carnival
Corporation, which shares represent sufficient shares entitled to constitute a quorum at shareholder meetings and to cast approximately 27% of the total combined voting power of Carnival Corporation & plc. Depending upon the nature and
extent of the shareholder vote, this group of shareholders may have the power to effectively control, or at least to influence substantially, the outcome of certain shareholder votes and, therefore, the corporate actions requiring such votes.

•

Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc are not U.S. corporations, and our shareholders may be subject to the uncertainties of a foreign legal
system in protecting their interests. 

Carnival Corporation’s corporate affairs are governed by its
Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (“Articles”) and Third Amended and Restated By-Laws (“By-Laws”) and by the corporate laws of Panama. Carnival plc is governed by its Articles of Association and by the
corporate laws of England and Wales. The contracts that control the relationship between Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc under the DLC are governed by the laws of Panama, the Isle of Man and the Cayman Islands. The corporate laws of
Panama, England and Wales, the Isle of Man and the Cayman Islands may differ in some respects from the corporate laws in the U.S. 

•

Provisions in Carnival Corporation’s and Carnival plc’s constitutional documents may prevent or discourage takeovers and business
combinations that our shareholders might consider to be in their best interests. 

Carnival
Corporation’s Articles and By-Laws and Carnival plc’s Articles of Association contain provisions that may delay, defer, prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that our shareholders consider to be in their best interests. As a
result, these provisions may prevent our shareholders from receiving a premium to the market price of our shares offered by a bidder in a takeover context. Even in the absence of a takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely
affect the prevailing market price of our shares if they are viewed as discouraging takeover attempts in the future. 

Specifically, Carnival Corporation’s Articles contain provisions that prevent third parties, other than the Arison family and trusts established for their benefit, from acquiring beneficial ownership of more than 4.9% of its
outstanding shares without the consent of Carnival Corporation’s Board of Directors and provide for the lapse of rights, and sale, of any shares acquired in excess of that limit. The effect of these provisions may preclude third parties from
seeking to acquire a controlling interest in us in transactions that shareholders might consider to be in their best interests and may prevent them from receiving a premium above market price for their shares. 

Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results 

Some of the statements, estimates or projections contained in this Form 10-K are “forward-looking statements” that involve risks,
uncertainties and assumptions with respect to us, including some statements concerning future results, outlooks, plans, goals and other events which have not yet occurred. These statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbors from liability
provided by Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. We have tried, whenever possible, to identify these statements by using words like “will,” “may,”
“could,” “should,” “would,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “forecast,” “future,” “intend,” “plan,” “estimate” and similar expressions
of future intent or the negative of such terms. 

39 

Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, there are many factors
that could cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied in this Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements include those statements which may impact, among other things, the forecasting of our
earnings per share, net revenue yields, booking levels, pricing, occupancy, operating, financing and tax costs, fuel expenses, costs per available lower berth day, estimates of ship depreciable lives and residual values, liquidity, goodwill and
trademark fair values and outlook. 

Certain of the risks we are exposed to are identified in this Item 1A. “Risk
Factors.” This section contains important cautionary statements and a discussion of many of the factors that could materially affect the accuracy of our forward-looking statements and adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial position. 

Forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of actual results. Subject to
any continuing obligations under applicable law or any relevant listing rules, we expressly disclaim any obligation to disseminate, after the date of this Form 

10-K, any updates or revisions to any such forward-looking statements to reflect any change in expectations or events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based.