.

 You should carefully consider the specific risk factors set forth below,
as well as the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this
joint Annual Report on Form 10-K, as these are important factors, among others,
that could cause our actual results to differ from our expected or historical
results. Some of the statements in this section and elsewhere in this joint
Annual Report on Form 10-K are "forward-looking statements." For a discussion of
those statements and of other factors to consider see the "Cautionary Note
Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results" section below.

 (1) We may lose business to competitors throughout the vacation market.

 We face significant competition from other cruise lines, both on the basis
of cruise pricing and also in terms of the types of ships, services and
destinations we offer to cruise passengers. In addition, we may need to enhance
our older ships with current amenities in order for those ships to be more
competitive with other cruise ships. Our principal competitors include the
companies listed in this joint Annual Report on Form 10-K under Part 1, Item 1.
Business, B. - "Cruise Operations - Competition."

 However, we operate in the vacation market, and cruising is only one of
many alternatives for people choosing a vacation. We therefore risk losing
business not only to other cruise lines, but also to other vacation operators
that provide other travel and leisure options, including hotels, resorts and
package holidays and tours.

 In the event that we do not compete effectively with other cruise
companies and other vacation alternatives, our results of operations and
financial condition could be adversely affected.

 (2) The international political and economic climate and other world
 events affecting safety and security could adversely affect the
 demand for cruises and could harm our future sales and
 profitability.

 Demand for cruises and other vacation options has been, and is expected to
continue to be, affected by the public's attitude towards the safety of travel,
the international political climate and the political climate of destination
countries. Events such as the terrorist attacks in the U.S. on September 11,
2001 and the threats of additional attacks in the U.S. and elsewhere, concerns
of an outbreak of additional hostilities and national government travel
advisories, together with the resulting political instability and concerns over
safety and security aspects of traveling, have had a significant adverse impact
on demand and pricing in the travel and vacation industry and may continue to do
so in the future. Demand for cruises is also likely to be increasingly dependent
on the underlying economic strength of the countries from which cruise companies
source their passengers. Economic or political changes that reduce disposable
income or consumer confidence in the countries from which we source our
passengers may affect demand for vacations, including cruise vacations, which
are a discretionary purchase. Decreases in demand could lead to price
discounting which, in turn, could reduce the profitability of our business.

 (3) Overcapacity within the cruise and land-based vacation industry
 could have a negative impact on net revenue yields and increase
 operating costs, thus resulting in ship, goodwill and/or trademark
 asset impairments, all of which

 25

 could adversely affect profitability.

 Cruising capacity has grown in recent years and we expect it to continue
to increase over the next five years as all of the major cruise vacation
companies are expected to introduce new ships. In order to utilize new capacity,
the cruise vacation industry will probably need to increase its share of the
overall vacation market. The overall vacation market is also facing increases in
land-based vacation capacity, which also will impact us. Failure to increase our
share of the overall vacation market is one of a number of factors that could
have a negative impact on our net revenue yields. In some prior years, our net
revenue yields were negatively impacted as a result of a variety of factors,
including capacity increases. Should net revenue yields be negatively impacted,
our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected,
including the impairment of the value of our ships, goodwill and/or trademark
assets. In addition, increased cruise capacity could impact our ability to
retain and attract qualified crew at competitive costs and, therefore, increase
our shipboard employee costs.

 (4) Our future operating cash flow may not be sufficient to fund future
 obligations, and we may not be able to obtain additional financing,
 if necessary, at a cost that is favorable or that meets our
 expectations.

 Our forecasted cash flow from future operations may be adversely affected
by various factors, including, but not limited to, declines in customer demand,
increased competition, overcapacity, the deterioration in general economic and
business conditions, terrorist attacks, ship accidents and other incidents,
adverse publicity and increases in fuel prices, as well as other factors noted
under these "Risk Factors" and under the "Cautionary Note Concerning Factors
That May Affect Future Results" section below. To the extent that we are
required, or choose, to fund future cash requirements, including future
shipbuilding commitments, from sources other than cash flow from operations,
cash on hand and current external sources of liquidity, including committed
financings, we will have to secure such financing from banks or through the
offering of debt and/or equity securities in the public or private markets.

 Our access to, and the cost of, financing will depend on, among other
things, the maintenance of strong long-term credit ratings. Carnival Corporation
and Carnival plc's senior, unsecured long-term debt ratings are "A3" by Moody's,
"A-" by Standard & Poor's and "A-" by Fitch Ratings. Carnival Corporation's
short-term corporate credit ratings are "Prime-2" by Moody's, "A-2" by Standard
& Poor's and "F2" by Fitch Ratings.

 (5) Accidents and other incidents, unusual weather conditions or adverse
 publicity concerning the cruise industry or us could affect our
 reputation and harm our future sales and profitability.

 The operation of cruise ships involves the risk of accidents, passenger
and crew illnesses, mechanical failures and other incidents at sea or while in
port, which may bring into question passenger safety, health, security and
vacation satisfaction, and thereby adversely effect future industry performance,
sales and profitability. In addition, our cruises and port facilities may be
impacted by unusual weather patterns or natural disasters, such as hurricanes
and earthquakes. For example, Hurricane Wilma caused the temporary closing of
cruise ports in South Florida and also destroyed our pier facility in Cozumel,
Mexico. It is possible that we could be forced to alter itineraries or cancel a
cruise or a series of cruises due to these factors, which would have an adverse
affect on sales and profitability. In addition, adverse publicity concerning the
vacation industry in general or the cruise industry or us in particular could
affect our reputation and impact demand and, consequently, have an adverse
affect on our profitability.

 (6) We are subject to many economic and political factors that are
 beyond our control, which could result in increases in our
 operating, financing and tax costs.

 Some of our operating costs, including fuel, food, insurance, payroll and
security costs, are subject to increases because of market forces, economic or
political instability or decisions beyond our control. In addition, interest
rates, currency fluctuations and our ability to obtain debt or equity financing
are dependent on many economic and political factors. Actions by U.S. and
non-U.S. taxing jurisdictions could also cause an increase in our costs.

 Recently, the State of Alaska determined that an Initiative Petition (the
"Initiative") to, among other things, impose a tax on cruise passengers sailing
in Alaskan waters had sufficient signatures to qualify for the August, 2006
statewide primary election ballot. If the Initiative is approved by the voters,
it would

 26

likely take effect in 2007. The Initiative would impose a $46 per passenger tax
on cruise passengers aboard vessels with at least 250 berths, an additional fee
of $4 per passenger for an Ocean Ranger program, remove the exemption from
Alaska corporate income taxes for commercial passenger vessels and assess a 33%
tax on income from onboard gambling. The Initiative would also impose a number
of other regulations, reporting and operational requirements on cruise vessel
operators. Some or all of these provisions may be subject to legal challenges if
the Initiative is approved.

 Separately, two bills have been introduced for consideration in the Alaska
Legislature. No action was taken on either of these bills. The legislature has
until the end of the 2006 session to consider these bills. One bill would impose
taxes of $50 per cruise passenger and the other bill proposes a tax of $75 per
passenger. Similar legislation has been proposed in Alaska in the past and has
not been approved. Both measures raise legal questions and it is uncertain
whether either bill will be passed in its current form.

 It is expected that any proposed passenger taxes, such as the Initiative
discussed above, would be directly charged to and collected from our guests.
However, if any of these taxes are enacted, it is likely that we would consider
reducing the number of our ships that offer Alaskan cruises, in order to reduce
the adverse impact of these taxes on our net income. The ultimate outcomes of
these Alaskan matters cannot be determined at this time.

 Increases in operating, financing and tax costs could adversely affect our
results because we may not be able to recover these increased costs through
price increases of our cruise vacations.

 (7) Environmental legislation and regulations could affect operations
 and increase our operating costs.

 Some environmental groups have lobbied for more stringent regulation of
cruise ships. Some groups have also generated negative publicity about the
cruise industry and its environmental impact. The U.S. Congress, the
International Maritime Organization and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency
periodically consider new laws and regulations to manage cruise ship pollution.
In addition, various other regulatory agencies in the States of Alaska,
California, Florida, Hawaii, Maine, Washington and elsewhere, including European
regulatory organizations, have enacted or are considering new regulations or
policies, which could adversely impact the cruise industry. See Part I, Item 1.
Business, B. - "Cruise Operations - Governmental Regulations" for additional
information.

 In addition, pursuant to a settlement with the U.S. government in April
2002, Carnival Corporation pled guilty to certain environmental violations and
was fined. Carnival Corporation was also placed on probation for a term of five
years. Under the terms of the probation, any future violation of environmental
laws by Carnival Corporation may be deemed a violation of probation, which could
result in additional fines and other forms of relief.

 Current and future environmental laws and regulations, or liabilities
arising from past or future releases of, or exposure to, hazardous substances or
to vessel discharges, could increase our cost of compliance or otherwise
materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and/or financial
condition.

 (8) New regulations of health, safety, security and other regulatory
 issues could increase our operating costs or negatively effect our
 bookings and future net revenue yields and adversely affect net
 income.

 We are subject to various international, national, state and local health,
safety and security laws, regulations and treaties. See Part I, Item 1.
Business, B. - "Cruise Operations-Governmental Regulations" for a detailed
discussion of these regulatory issues.

 We believe that health, safety, security and other regulatory issues will
continue to be areas of focus by relevant government authorities in the U.S.,
Europe and elsewhere. Resulting legislation or regulations, or changes in
existing legislation or regulations, could impact our operations and would
likely subject us to increasing compliance costs in the future.

 Pursuant to the Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative, U.S. citizens will
be required to carry a passport for travel to or from certain countries/areas
that were previously exempt, such as the Caribbean, Canada and Mexico. The
regulations are currently scheduled to require all U.S. citizens that enter the
U.S. from these previously exempt locations by

 27

air or sea to have a passport by December 31, 2006, and those citizens entering
at land border crossings will have to have a passport by December 31, 2007.

 Since many cruise customers visiting these destinations may not currently
have passports, it is likely that this will have some negative effect on our
bookings and future net revenue yields when the regulations take effect. There
are a number of factors that could influence the ultimate impact of these
regulations, such as customer travel patterns, customer price sensitivity and
the cost and effectiveness of mitigating programs we and others have
established. However, although we cannot be certain, we do not currently expect
that these regulations will ultimately have a material adverse effect on our
operating results, as a significant portion of our revenues are derived from
cruises to destinations other than those mentioned above, a substantial portion
of our U.S. citizen customers already have passports and we expect a large
number of U.S. citizen travelers who do not have passports will obtain them.

 (9) Delays in ship construction and problems encountered at shipyards
 could reduce our profitability.

 The construction of cruise ships is a complex process and involves risks
similar to those encountered in other sophisticated construction projects,
including delays in completion and delivery. In addition, industrial actions and
insolvency or financial problems of the shipyards building our ships could also
delay or prevent the delivery of our ships under construction. These events
could adversely affect our profitability. However, the impact from a delay in
delivery could be mitigated by contractual provisions and refund guarantees
obtained by us.

 In addition, as of November 30, 2005, we had entered into foreign currency
swaps to fix the cost in dollars or sterling of three of our foreign currency
denominated shipbuilding contracts. If the shipyard with which we have
contracted is unable to perform under the related contracts, the foreign
currency swaps related to the shipyard's shipbuilding contracts would still have
to be honored. This might require us to realize a loss on existing foreign
currency swaps without having the ability to have an offsetting gain on our
foreign currency denominated shipbuilding contracts, thus resulting in an
adverse effect on our financial results.

 (10) The lack of attractive port destinations for our cruise ships could
 reduce our net revenue yields and net income.

 We believe that attractive port destinations, including ports that are not
overly congested with tourists, are major reasons why our customers choose a
cruise versus an alternative vacation option. The availability of ports,
including the specific port facility at which our guests will embark and
disembark, is affected by a number of factors including, but not limited to,
existing capacity constraints, security concerns, unusual weather patterns and
natural disasters, financial limitations on port development, political
instability, exclusivity arrangements that ports may have with our competitors,
local governmental regulations and charges and local community concerns about
both port development and other adverse impacts on their communities from
additional tourists. The inability to continue to maintain and increase our
ports of call could adversely affect our net revenue yields and net income.

 (11) The structure of the DLC transaction involves risks not associated
 with the more common ways of combining the operations of two
 companies, and these risks may have an adverse effect on the
 economic performance of the companies and/or their respective share
 prices.

 The DLC structure is a relatively uncommon way of combining the management
and operations of two companies and it involves different issues and risks from
those associated with the other more common ways of effecting a business
combination, such as a merger or exchange offer to create a wholly owned
subsidiary. In the DLC transaction, the combination was effected primarily by
means of contracts between Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc and not by
operation of a statute or court order. The legal effect of these contractual
rights may be different from the legal effect of a merger or amalgamation under
statute or court order, and there may be difficulties in enforcing these
contractual rights. Shareholders and creditors of either company might challenge
the validity of the contracts or their lack of standing to enforce rights under
these contracts, and courts may interpret or enforce these contracts in a manner
inconsistent with the express provisions and intentions we included in such
contracts. In addition, shareholders and creditors of other companies might
successfully challenge other DLC structures and establish legal precedents that
could increase the risk of a successful challenge to the DLC transaction.

 28

We are maintaining two separate public companies and comply with both Panamanian
corporate law and English company laws and different securities and other
regulatory and stock exchange requirements in the UK and the U.S. This structure
requires more administrative time and cost than was the case for each company
individually, which may have an adverse effect on our operating efficiency.

 (12) Changes under the Internal Revenue Code, applicable U.S. income tax
 treaties, and the uncertainty of the DLC structure under the
 Internal Revenue Code may adversely affect the U.S. federal income
 taxation of our U.S. source shipping income. In addition, changes in
 the UK, Italian, German, Australian and other countries income tax
 laws, regulations or treaties could also adversely affect our net
 income.

 We believe that substantially all of the U.S. source shipping income of
each of Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc qualifies for exemption from U.S.
federal income tax, either under (1) Section 883 of the Internal Revenue Code;
(2) U.S.-Italian income tax treaty; or (3) other applicable U.S. income tax
treaties, and should continue to so qualify under the DLC structure. There is,
however, no existing U.S. federal income tax authority that directly addresses
the tax consequences of implementation of a dual listed company structure for
purposes of Section 883 or any other provision of the Internal Revenue Code or
any income tax treaty and, consequently, these matters are not free from doubt.

 As discussed above, if we did not qualify for exemption from U.S. federal
income taxes we would have higher income taxes and lower net income. Finally,
changes in the income tax laws affecting our cruise businesses in the UK, Italy,
Germany, Australia and elsewhere could result in higher income taxes being
levied on our cruise operations, thus resulting in lower net income.

 See Part I, Item 1. Business, G. - "Taxation" for additional information.

 (13) A small group of shareholders collectively owned, as of January 31,
 2006, approximately 29% of the total combined voting power of our
 outstanding shares and may be able to effectively control the
 outcome of shareholder voting.

 A group of shareholders, consisting of some members of the Arison family,
including Micky Arison, and trusts established for their benefit, beneficially
owned approximately 36% of the outstanding common stock of Carnival Corporation,
which shares represent sufficient shares entitled to constitute a quorum at
shareholder meetings and to cast approximately 29% of the total combined voting
power of Carnival Corporation & plc. Depending upon the nature and extent of the
shareholder vote, this group of shareholders may have the power to effectively
control, or at least to influence substantially, the outcome of certain
shareholder votes and, therefore, the corporate actions requiring such votes.

 (14) Carnival Corporation and Carnival plc are not U.S. corporations, and
 our shareholders may be subject to the uncertainties of a foreign
 legal system in protecting their interests.

 Carnival Corporation's corporate affairs are governed by its third amended
and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws and by
the corporate laws of Panama. Carnival plc is governed by its articles of
association and memorandum of association and by the corporate laws of England
and Wales. The corporate laws of Panama and England and Wales may differ in some
respects from the corporate laws in the U.S.

 (15) Provisions in Carnival Corporation's and Carnival plc's
 constitutional documents may prevent or discourage takeovers and
 business combinations that our shareholders might consider to be in
 their best interests.

 Carnival Corporation's amended articles of incorporation and by-laws and
Carnival plc's articles of association contain provisions that may delay, defer,
prevent or render more difficult a takeover attempt that our shareholders
consider to be in their best interests. For instance, these provisions may
prevent our shareholders from receiving a premium to the market price of our
shares offered by a bidder in a takeover context. Even in the absence of a
takeover attempt, the existence of these provisions may adversely affect the
prevailing market price of our shares if they are viewed as discouraging
takeover attempts in the future.

 Specifically, Carnival Corporation's articles of incorporation contain
provisions that prevent third parties, other than the Arison family and trusts
established for their

 29

benefit, from acquiring beneficial ownership of more than 4.9% of its
outstanding shares without the consent of Carnival Corporation's board of
directors and provide for the lapse of rights, and sale, of any shares acquired
in excess of that limit. The effect of these provisions may preclude third
parties from seeking to acquire a controlling interest in us in transactions
that shareholders might consider to be in their best interests and may prevent
them from receiving a premium above market price for their shares. For a
description of the reasons for the provisions see Part I, Item 1. Business, G. -
"Taxation- Application of Section 883 of the Internal Revenue Code."

 Cautionary Note Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results

 Some of the statements contained in this joint Annual Report on Form 10-K
are "forward-looking statements" that involve risks, uncertainties and
assumptions with respect to us, including some statements concerning future
results, outlook, plans, goals and other events which have not yet occurred.
These statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbors from liability
provided by Section 27A of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of
the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934. You can find many, but not all, of
these statements by looking for words like "will," "may," "believes," "expects,"
"anticipates," "forecast," "future," "intends," "plans," and "estimates" and for
similar expressions.

 Because forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, there
are many factors that could cause our actual results, performance or
achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied in this joint
Annual Report on Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements include those statements
which may impact the forecasting of our earnings per share, net revenue yields,
booking levels, pricing, occupancy, operating, financing and/or tax costs, fuel
costs, cost per available lower berth day, estimates of ship depreciable lives
and/or residual values, outlook or business prospects.

 Certain of our risks are identified in "Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations--Cautionary Note
Concerning Factors That May Affect Future Results" in Exhibit 13 to this joint
Annual Report on Form 10-K and in this Item 1A. "Risk Factors." These sections
contain important cautionary statements and a discussion of many of the factors
that could materially affect the accuracy of our forward-looking statements
and/or adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
position.

 Forward-looking statements should not be relied upon as a prediction of
actual results. Subject to any continuing obligations under applicable law or
any relevant listing rules, we expressly disclaim any obligation to disseminate,
after the date of this joint Annual Report on Form 10-K, any updates or
revisions to any such forward-looking statements to reflect any change in
expectations or events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements
are based.