You should consider carefully the following risks, along with the other information contained in this
Form 10-K. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones that may affect us. Additional risks and uncertainties also may adversely affect our business and
operations including those discussed in Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis. If any of the following events actually occur, our business and financial results could be materially
adversely affected.

 Economic conditions and instability in the financial markets could negatively impact our business. 

Our operations are affected by local, national, and worldwide economic conditions. The consequences of a prolonged recession may
include a lower level of economic activity and uncertainty regarding energy
prices and the capital and commodity markets. A lower level of economic activity may continue to result in a decline in energy consumption, an increase in customers' inability to pay their accounts,
and lower commodity prices. These impacts may adversely affect our financial results and future growth. 

        Instability
in the financial markets, as a result of recession or otherwise, may affect the cost of capital and our ability to raise capital. We rely on the capital and banking markets,
as well as the periodic use of commercial paper to the extent available, to meet our financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs if internal funds are not available from our
operations. We also use letters of credit issued under our credit facilities to support our operations. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, reduced alternatives,
or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to liquidity needed for our businesses, including our ability to secure credit facilities and refinance debt that
comes due, and our ability to complete other alternatives we are exploring. In addition, such disruptions could adversely affect our ability to draw on our credit facilities. Our access to funds under
those credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the banks that are parties to the facilities to meet their funding commitments. Those banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to
us if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests from borrowers within a short period of time. The disruptions in capital and
credit markets may also result in higher interest rates on publicly issued debt securities and increased costs associated with commercial paper borrowing and under bank credit facilities. 

        Any
disruptions could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding for our business needs can be
arranged. Such measures could include deferring capital expenditures, further changing our strategies to reduce collateral-posting requirements, and reducing or eliminating future dividend payments or
other discretionary uses of cash. The inability to obtain the liquidity needed to meet our business requirements, or to obtain such liquidity on terms that are favorable to us, would have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. If entities with which we do business are unable to raise capital or access the credit markets, they may be unable to
perform their obligations or make payments under agreements we have with them. Defaults by these entities may have an adverse effect on our financial results. 

 Our generation investment plans may not achieve the desired financial results. 

We may expand our generation capacity over the next several years through increasing the generating power of existing plants, the
renovation of retired plants owned by us, and the construction or acquisition of new plants. The renovation, development, construction, and acquisition of additional generation capacity involve
numerous risks. Any planned power uprates, construction, or renovation could result in cost overruns, lower than expected plant efficiency, and higher operating and other costs. We intend to use a
portion of the proceeds received from the sale of an interest in our nuclear business to acquire new plants in regions where we have significant customer supply operations. Acquired plants may not
generate the projected rates of return or sufficiently match generation capacity with customer supply volumes causing an increase in collateral requirements. With respect to the renovation of retired
plants or the construction of new plants, we may incur significant sums for preliminary engineering, permitting, legal, and other expenses before it can be established whether a project is feasible,
economically attractive, or capable of being financed. 

        If
we were unable to complete the construction or renovation of a plant, we may not be able to recover our investment in the project. We may also be unable to run any new, acquired or
renovated plants as efficiently as projected, which could result in higher-than-projected operating and other costs that adversely affect our financial results. Furthermore,
increased energy conservation and use of renewable energy may reduce the value of our nonrenewable generation plants, as well as accelerate the obsolescence of older plants. If we cannot execute our
generation investment plans successfully, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

19

Table of Contents

 Changes in the prices of commodities, initial margin requirements, collateral posting asymmetries and types of collateral impact our liquidity requirements. 

Our business is exposed to market fluctuations in the price and transportation costs of electricity, natural gas, coal, and other
commodities. We seek to mitigate the effect of these fluctuations through various hedging strategies, which may require the posting of collateral by both us and our counterparties. Changes in the
prices of commodities and initial margin requirements for exchange-traded contracts can affect the amount of collateral that must be posted, depending on the particular position we hold. 

        There
are certain asymmetries relating to the use of collateral that create liquidity requirements for our merchant energy business. These asymmetries arise as a result of our actions to
be economically hedged as well as market conditions or conventions for conducting business that result in some transactions being collateralized while others are not, including: 

•

In
our Customer Supply operation, we generally do not receive collateral under contractual obligations to supply our customers, but our Global Commodities operation may
hedge these transactions through purchases that generally require us to post collateral. 

•

In
our Generation operation, we may have to post collateral on our power sale or fuel purchase contracts. 

        As
a result, significant changes in the prices of commodities and margin requirements for exchange-traded contracts could require us to post additional collateral from time to time
without our counterparties having to post cash collateral to us, which could adversely affect our overall liquidity and ability to finance our operations, which, in turn, could adversely affect our
credit ratings. Additionally, posting letters of credit to counterparties to meet collateral requirements adversely impacts our liquidity, while the receipt of letters of credit as collateral does not
improve our liquidity. 

 Our merchant energy business may incur substantial costs and liabilities and be exposed to price volatility and counterparty performance risk as a result of its
participation in the wholesale energy markets. 

We purchase and sell power and fuel in markets exposed to significant risks, including price volatility for electricity and fuel and
the credit risks of counterparties with which we enter into contracts. 

        We
use various hedging strategies in an effort to mitigate many of these risks. However, hedging transactions do not guard against all risks and are not always effective, as they are
based upon predictions about future market conditions. The inability or failure to effectively hedge assets or fuel or power positions against changes in commodity prices, interest rates, counterparty
credit risk or other risk measures could significantly impair our future financial results. 

Exposure to electricity price volatility.

    We buy and sell electricity in both the wholesale bilateral markets and spot
markets, which expose us to the risks of rising and falling prices in those markets, and our cash flows may vary accordingly. At any given time, the wholesale spot market price of electricity for each
hour is generally determined by the cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. This is highly dependent on the regional generation market. In many cases, the next
unit of electricity supplied would be supplied from generating stations fueled by fossil fuels, primarily coal, natural gas and oil. Consequently, the open market wholesale price of electricity may
reflect the cost of coal, natural gas or oil plus the cost to convert the fuel to electricity and an appropriate return on capital. Therefore, changes in the supply and cost of coal, natural gas and
oil may impact the open market wholesale price of electricity. 

        A
portion of our power generation facilities operates wholly or partially without long-term power purchase agreements. As a result, power from these facilities is sold on the
spot market or on a short-term contractual basis, which if not fully hedged may affect the volatility of our financial results. 

Exposure to fuel cost volatility.

    Currently, our power generation facilities purchase a portion of their fuel through
short-term contracts or on the spot market. Fuel prices can be volatile, and the price that can be obtained for power produced from such fuel may not change at the same rate as fuel costs.
In addition, new sources of natural gas supplies from domestic shale production, as well as rising liquid natural gas (LNG) exports, could increase the long-term supply of natural gas and
create a fundamental and long-lasting decline in natural gas prices. Lower natural gas prices could contribute to a decline in power generation prices that could have an adverse effect on
our financial results and cash flows. As a result, fuel price changes may adversely affect our financial results. 

Exposure to counterparty performance.

    Our merchant energy business enters into transactions with numerous third parties
(commonly referred to as "counterparties"). In these arrangements, we are exposed to the credit risks of our counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail to perform under their
obligations to make payments or deliver fuel or power. In addition, we enter into various wholesale transactions through Independent System Operators (ISOs). These ISOs are exposed to counterparty
credit risks. Any losses relating to counterparty defaults impacting the ISOs are allocated to and borne by all other market participants in the ISO. These risks are exacerbated during periods of
commodity price fluctuations. If a counterparty were to default and we were to liquidate all contracts with that entity, our credit loss would include the loss in value of derivative 

20

Table of Contents

contracts
recorded at fair value, the amount owed for settled transactions, and additional payments, if any, that we would have to make to settle unrealized losses on accrual contracts. Defaults by
suppliers and other counterparties may adversely affect our financial results. 

 Reduced liquidity in the markets in which we operate could impair our ability to appropriately manage the risks of our operations. 

We are an active participant in energy markets through our competitive energy businesses. The liquidity of regional energy markets is
an important factor in our ability to manage risks in these operations. Over the past several years, market participants in the merchant energy business have ended or significantly reduced their
activities as a result of several factors, including government investigations, changes in market design, and deteriorating credit quality. As a result, several regional energy markets experienced a
significant decline in liquidity, which, in turn, has impacted our ability to enter into certain types of transactions to manage our risks for settlement periods beyond 18 to 24 months.
Liquidity in the energy markets can be adversely affected by various factors, including price volatility and the availability of credit. As a result, future reductions in liquidity may restrict our
ability to manage our risks and this could impact our financial results. 

 We often rely on single suppliers and at times on single customers, exposing us to significant financial risks if either should fail to perform their obligations. 

We often rely on a single supplier for the provision of fuel, water, and other services required for operation of a facility, and at
times, we rely on a single customer or a few customers to purchase all or a significant portion of a facility's output, in some cases under long-term agreements that provide the support
for any project debt used to finance the facility. The failure of any one customer or supplier to fulfill its contractual obligations could negatively impact our financial results. 

 We may not fully hedge our generation assets, customer supply activities, or other market positions against changes in commodity prices, and our hedging procedures may not
work as planned. 

To lower our financial exposure related to commodity price fluctuations, we routinely enter into contracts to hedge a portion of our
purchase and sale commitments, weather positions, fuel requirements, inventories of natural gas, coal and other commodities, and competitive supply obligations. As part of this strategy, we routinely
utilize fixed-price forward physical purchase and sales contracts, futures, financial swaps, and option contracts traded in the over-the-counter markets or on exchanges.
However, we may not cover the entire exposure of our assets or positions to market price volatility, and the coverage will vary over time. Fluctuating commodity prices may negatively impact our
financial results to the extent we have unhedged positions. 

        In
addition, risk management tools and metrics such as economic value at risk, daily value at risk, and stress testing are based on historical price movements. If price movements
significantly or persistently deviate from historical behavior, risk limits may not fully protect us from significant losses. 

        Our
risk management policies and procedures may not always work as planned. As a result of these and other factors, we cannot predict with precision the impact that risk management
decisions may have on our financial results. 

 The use of derivative and nonderivative contracts in the normal course of business could result in financial losses that negatively impact our financial results. 

We use derivative instruments such as swaps, options, futures and forwards, as well as nonderivative contracts, to manage our
commodity and financial market risks and to engage in trading activities. We could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the market values of these contracts or if a counterparty
fails to perform. 

        In
the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of derivative instruments involves management's judgment or use of estimates.
As a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these contracts. 

        Additionally,
the settlement of derivative instruments could reflect a realized value that differs from our reported estimates of fair value. 

 Inaccurate assumptions and estimates in the models we use could adversely impact our financial results. 

We deploy many models to value merchant contracts, derivatives and assets, to dispatch power from our generation plants, and to
measure the risks and costs of various transactions and businesses. Also, a significant portion of our business relies on the assumptions underlying the forecasting of customer load, correlations
between prices of energy commodities and weather and the creditworthiness of our customers and other third parties. Inaccurate estimates of various business assumptions used in those models could
create the mispricing of customer contracts and assets or the incorrect measurement of key risks relating to our portfolios and businesses that could adversely impact our financial results. 

21

Table of Contents

 Poor market performance will affect our pension plan investments, which may adversely affect our liquidity and financial results. 

At December 31, 2009, our qualified pension obligations were approximately $327 million greater than the fair value of
our plan assets. The Pension Protection Act requires that we fully fund our obligations by 2015. The performance of the capital markets will affect the value of the assets that are held in trust to
satisfy our future obligations under our qualified pension plans. A decline in the market value of those assets or the failure of those assets to earn an adequate return may increase our funding
requirements for these obligations, which may adversely affect our liquidity and financial results. 

 The operation of power generation facilities involves significant risks that could adversely affect our financial results. 

We own, operate and have ownership interests in a number of power generation facilities. The operation of power generation facilities
involves many risks, including start-up risks, breakdown or failure of equipment, transmission lines, substations or pipelines, use of new technology, the dependence on a specific fuel
source, including the transportation of fuel, or the impact of unusual or adverse weather conditions (including natural disasters such as hurricanes) or environmental compliance, as well as the risk
of performance below expected or contracted levels of output or efficiency. This could result in lost revenues and/or increased expenses. Insurance, warranties, or performance guarantees may not cover
any or all of the lost revenues or increased expenses, including the cost of replacement power. A portion of our generation facilities were constructed many years ago. Older generating equipment may
require significant capital expenditures to keep it operating at peak efficiency. This equipment is also likely to require periodic upgrading and improvement. Breakdown or failure of one of our
operating facilities may prevent the facility from performing under applicable power sales agreements which, in certain situations, could result in termination of the agreement or incurring a
liability for liquidated damages. 

 Our generation business may incur substantial costs and liabilities due to our ownership interest in nuclear generating facilities. 

We own substantial interests in nuclear power plants. Operation of these plants exposes us to risks in addition to those that result
from owning and operating non-nuclear power generation facilities. These risks include normal operating risks for a nuclear facility and the risks of a nuclear accident. 

Nuclear Operating Risks.

    The operation of nuclear generating facilities involves routine operating risks, including: 

•

mechanical
or structural problems; 

•

inadequacy
or lapses in maintenance protocols; 

•

impairment
of reactor operation and safety systems due to human or mechanical error; 

•

costs
of storage, handling and disposal of nuclear materials, including the availability or unavailability of a permanent repository for spent nuclear fuel; 

•

regulatory
actions, including shut down of units because of public safety concerns, whether at our plants or other nuclear operators; 

•

limitations
on the amounts and types of insurance coverage commercially available; 

•

uncertainties
regarding both technological and financial aspects of decommissioning nuclear generating facilities; and 

•

environmental
risks, including risks associated with changes in environmental legal requirements. 

Nuclear Accident Risks.

    In the event of a nuclear accident, the cost of property damage and other expenses incurred may
exceed the insurance coverage available from both private sources and an industry retrospective payment plan. In addition, in the event of an accident at one of our nuclear joint ventures or another
participating insured party's nuclear plants, CENG could be assessed retrospective insurance premiums (because all nuclear plant operators contribute to a nationwide catastrophic insurance fund).
Uninsured losses or the payment of retrospective insurance premiums could each have a material adverse effect on our financial results. 

 We are subject to numerous environmental laws and regulations that require capital expenditures, increase our cost of operations and may expose us to environmental
liabilities. 

We are subject to extensive federal, state, and local environmental statutes, rules, and regulations relating to air quality, water
quality, waste management, wildlife protection, the management of natural resources, and the protection of human health and safety that could, among other things, require additional pollution control
equipment, limit the use of certain fuels, restrict the output of certain facilities, or otherwise increase costs. Significant capital expenditures, operating and other costs are associated with
compliance with environmental requirements, and these expenditures and costs could become even more significant in the future as a result of regulatory changes. 

        Examples
of potential future regulatory changes include additional regulation of greenhouse gas emissions at the federal, regional, and/or state level, heightened enforcement of new
source review requirements, increased regulation of coal combustion 

22

Table of Contents

by-products,
and mandated investment in renewable energy resources. One or more of these changes could increase our compliance and operating costs or require significant commitments of
capital. 

        We
are subject to liability under environmental laws for the costs of remediating environmental contamination. Remediation activities include the cleanup of current facilities and former