section.

In this discussion and analysis, we will explain the general financial
condition and the results of operations for Constellation Energy and BGE
including:

¨
 factors
which affect our businesses,

¨
 our
earnings and costs in the periods presented,

¨
 changes
in earnings and costs between periods,

¨
 sources
of earnings,

¨
 impact
of these factors on our overall financial condition,

¨
 expected
future expenditures for capital projects, and

¨
 expected
sources of cash for future capital expenditures.

As you read this
discussion and analysis, refer to our Consolidated Statements of Income, which
present the results of our operations for 2006, 2005, and 2004. We analyze and
explain the differences between periods in the specific line items of our
Consolidated Statements of Income.

We have organized our discussion and analysis as follows:

¨
 First,
we discuss our strategy.

¨
 We
then describe the business environment in which we operate including how
regulation, weather, and other factors affect our business.

¨
 Next,
we discuss our critical accounting policies. These are the accounting policies
that are most important to both the portrayal of our financial condition and
results of operations and require management’s most difficult, subjective or
complex judgment.

¨
 We
highlight significant events that are important to understanding our results of
operations and financial condition.

¨
 We
then review our results of operations beginning with an overview of our total
company results, followed by a more detailed review of those results by
operating segment.

¨
 We
review our financial condition addressing our sources and uses of cash,
security ratings, capital resources, capital requirements, commitments, and
off-balance sheet arrangements.

¨
 We
conclude with a discussion of our exposure to various market risks.

Strategy

We are pursuing a strategy of
providing energy and energy related services through our competitive supply
activities and BGE, our regulated utility located in Maryland. Our merchant
energy business focuses on short-term and long-term purchases and sales of energy, capacity, and related
products to various customers, including distribution utilities,
municipalities, cooperatives, and industrial, commercial, and governmental
customers.

We obtain this
energy through both owned and contracted supply resources. Our generation fleet
is strategically located in deregulated markets and includes various fuel types,
such as nuclear, coal, gas, oil, and renewable sources. In addition to owning
generating facilities, we contract for power from other merchant providers,
typically through power purchase agreements. We intend to remain diversified
between regulated transmission and distribution and competitive supply. We will
use both our owned generation and our contracted generation to support our
competitive supply operations.

We are a
leading national competitive supplier of energy. In our wholesale and
commercial and industrial retail marketing activities we are leveraging our recognized
expertise in providing full requirements energy and energy-related services to
enter markets, capture market share, and organically grow these businesses.
Through the application of technology, intellectual capital, process
improvement, and increased scale, we are seeking to reduce the cost of
delivering full requirements energy and energy related services and managing
risk.

We are also
responding proactively to customer needs by expanding the variety of products
we offer. Our wholesale competitive supply activities include a growing
operation that markets physical energy products and risk management and
logistics services to generators, distributors, producers of coal, natural gas
and fuel oil, and other consumers.

We trade energy
and energy-related commodities and deploy risk capital in the management
of our portfolio in order to earn additional returns. These activities are
managed through daily value at risk and stop loss limits and liquidity
guidelines.

Within our
retail competitive supply activities, we are marketing a broader array of
products and expanding our markets. Over time, we may consider integrating the
sale of electricity and natural gas to provide one energy procurement solution
for our customers.

Collectively,
the integration of owned and contracted electric generation assets with
origination, fuel procurement, and risk management expertise, allows our
merchant energy business to earn incremental margin and more effectively manage
energy and commodity price risk over geographic regions and over time. Our
focus is on providing solutions to customers’ energy needs, and our wholesale
marketing, risk management, and trading operation adds value to our owned and
contracted generation assets by providing national market access, market infrastructure,
real-time market intelligence, risk management and arbitrage opportunities, and
transmission and transportation expertise. Generation capacity supports our
wholesale marketing, risk management, and trading operation by providing a
source of reliable power supply.

30

To achieve our
strategic objectives, we expect to continue to pursue opportunities that expand
our access to customers and to support our wholesale marketing, risk
management, and trading operation with generation assets that have diversified
geographic, fuel, and dispatch characteristics. We also expect to grow through
buying and selling a greater number of physical energy products and services to
large energy customers. We expect to achieve operating efficiencies within our
competitive supply operation and our generation fleet by selling more products
through our existing sales force, benefiting from efficiencies of scale, adding
to the capacity of existing plants, and making our business processes more
efficient.

We expect BGE
and our other retail energy service businesses to grow through focused and
disciplined expansion primarily from new customers. At BGE, we are also focused
on enhancing reliability and customer satisfaction.

Customer
choice, regulatory change, and energy market conditions significantly impact
our business. In response, we regularly evaluate our strategies with these
goals in mind: to improve our competitive position, to anticipate and adapt to
the business environment and regulatory changes, and to maintain a strong
balance sheet and investment-grade credit quality.

We are constantly reevaluating our strategies and might consider:

¨
 acquiring
or developing additional generating facilities and gas properties to support
our merchant energy business,

¨
 mergers
or acquisitions of utility or non-utility businesses or assets, and

¨
 sale
of assets or one or more businesses.

Business Environment

With the
evolving regulatory environment surrounding customer choice, increasing
competition, and the growth of our merchant energy business, various factors
affect our financial results. We discuss some of these factors in more detail
in the Item 1. Business—Competition
section. We also discuss these various factors in the 
Forward Looking Statements and 
Item 1A. Risk Factors sections.

Over the last
several years, the energy markets have been highly volatile with significant
changes in natural gas, power, oil, coal, and emission allowance prices. The
volatility of the energy markets impacts our credit portfolio, and we continue
to actively manage our credit portfolio to attempt to reduce the impact of a
potential counterparty default. We discuss our customer (counterparty) credit
and other risks in more detail in the Market
Risk section.

In addition, the volatility of the energy markets impacts our liquidity
and collateral requirements. We discuss our liquidity in the Financial Condition section.

Competition

We face
competition in the sale of electricity, natural gas, and coal in wholesale
energy markets and to retail customers.

Various states
have moved to restructure their electricity markets. The pace of deregulation
in these states varies based on historical moves to competition and responses
to recent market events. While many states continue to support retail
competition and industry restructuring, other states that were considering
deregulation have slowed their plans or postponed consideration. In addition,
other states are reconsidering deregulation.

All BGE
electricity and gas customers have the option to purchase electricity and gas
from alternate suppliers.

We discuss
merchant competition in more detail in Item
1. Business—Competition section.

The impacts of electric deregulation on BGE in Maryland are discussed
in Item 1. Business—Electric Regulatory
Matters and Competition section.

Regulation— Senate
Bill 1

In June 2006, Senate Bill 1 was enacted, which, among other
things:

¨
  directs
the Maryland PSC to conduct a comprehensive review of Maryland’s deregulated
electricity market, including the implications of requiring or allowing
utilities to construct, acquire, or lease power generating facilities and
alternative approaches to power procurement;

¨
  expands
the authority of the Maryland PSC to review acquisitions, dispositions, and
financings by public service companies operating in Maryland; and

¨
  directs
Maryland’s taxing authority to consider whether property tax valuation
methodologies applied to power plants located in Maryland should be revised in
light of the values of those properties in a restructured electric industry.

Because Senate
Bill 1 requires additional decisions and proceedings by the Maryland PSC and
other governmental authorities to implement and interpret many of its provisions,
we cannot predict the ultimate impact of the legislation on us, BGE, or the
energy market in Maryland. The new legislation and its implementation through
applicable regulatory proceedings could have a material adverse effect on our,
or BGE’s, financial results. In addition, one or more parties may challenge in
court one or more provisions of Senate Bill 1. The outcome of any challenges
and the uncertainty that could result cannot be predicted.

We discuss the provisions of Senate Bill 1 relating to residential
electric customer rates in Item 1. Business—Electric
Regulatory Matters and Competition section.

Regulation by the
Maryland PSC

In addition to electric restructuring, which is discussed in Item 1. Business—Electric Regulatory Matters and
Competition section, regulation by the Maryland PSC significantly
influences BGE’s businesses. The Maryland PSC determines the rates that BGE can
charge customers of its electric distribution and gas businesses. The Maryland
PSC incorporates into BGE’s standard offer service rates the transmission rates
determined by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC). BGE’s electric
rates are unbundled in customer billings to show separate components for
delivery service (i.e. base rates), electric supply (commodity charge),
transmission, a universal service surcharge, and certain taxes. The rates for
BGE’s regulated gas business continue to consist of a delivery charge (base
rate) and a commodity charge.

31

Base Rates

Base rates are
the rates the Maryland PSC allows BGE to charge its customers for the cost of
providing them delivery service, plus a profit. BGE has both electric base
rates and gas base rates. Higher electric base rates apply during the summer
when the demand for electricity is higher. Gas base rates are not affected by
seasonal changes.

BGE may ask the
Maryland PSC to increase base rates from time to time. The Maryland PSC
historically has allowed BGE to increase base rates to recover its utility
plant investment and operating costs, plus a profit. Generally, rate increases
improve the earnings of our regulated business because they allow us to collect
more revenue. However, rate increases are normally granted based on historical
data and those increases may not always keep pace with increasing costs. Other
parties may petition the Maryland PSC to decrease base rates.

In December 2005, the Maryland PSC issued an order granting BGE a
$35.6 million annual increase in its gas base rates. In December 2006, the
Baltimore City Circuit Court upheld the rate order. However, certain parties
have filed an appeal with the Court of Special Appeals. We cannot provide
assurance that the Maryland PSC’s order will not be reversed in whole or part
or that certain issues will not be remanded to the Maryland PSC for
reconsideration.

Electric
Commodity and Transmission Charges

BGE electric commodity and transmission charges (standard offer
service), including the enactment of Senate Bill 1 in Maryland, are
discussed in Item 1. Business—Electric
Regulatory Matters and Competition section.

Gas Commodity
Charge

BGE charges its gas customers separately for the natural gas they
purchase. The price BGE charges for the natural gas is based on a market-based
rates incentive mechanism approved by the Maryland PSC. We discuss market-based
rates in more detail in the Regulated Gas
Business—Gas Cost Adjustments section and in 
Note 6.

Federal Regulation

FERC

The FERC has
jurisdiction over various aspects of our business, including electric
transmission and wholesale natural gas and electricity sales. We believe that
FERC’s continued commitment to fair and efficient wholesale energy markets
should continue to result in improvements to competitive markets across various
regions.

Since 1997,
operation of BGE’s transmission system has been under the authority of PJM
Interconnection (PJM), the Regional Transmission Organization (RTO) for the
Mid-Atlantic region, pursuant to FERC oversight. As the transmission operator,
PJM operates the energy markets and conducts day-to-day operations of the bulk
power system. The liability of transmission owners, including BGE, and power
generators is limited to those damages caused by the gross negligence of such
entities.

In addition to
PJM, RTOs exist in other regions of the country such as the Midwest, New York,
and New England. In addition to operation of the transmission system and
responsibility for transmission system reliability, these RTOs also operate
energy markets for their region pursuant to FERC’s oversight. Our merchant
energy business participates in these regional energy markets. These markets
are continuing to develop, and revisions to market structure are subject to
review and approval by FERC. We cannot predict the outcome of any reviews at
this time. However, changes to the structure of these markets could have a
material effect on our financial results.

Ongoing
initiatives at FERC have included a review of its methodology for the granting
of market-based rate authority to sellers of electricity. FERC has
announced interim tests that will be used to determine the extent to which
companies may have market power in certain regions. Where market power is found
to exist, FERC may require companies to implement measures to mitigate the
market power in order to maintain market-based rate authority. In
addition, FERC is reviewing other aspects of its granting of market-based
rate authority, including horizontal and vertical market power, affiliate abuse,
and barriers to entry. We cannot determine the eventual outcome of FERC’s
efforts in this regard and their impact on our financial results at this time.

In November 2004,
FERC eliminated through and out transmission rates between the Midwest
Independent System Operator (MISO) and PJM and put in place Seams Elimination
Charge/Cost Adjustment/Assignment (SECA) transition rates, which are paid by
the transmission customers of MISO and PJM and allocated among the various
transmission owners in PJM and MISO. The SECA transition rates were in effect
from December 1, 2004 through March 31, 2006. FERC set for hearing
the various compliance filings that established the level of the SECA rates and
has indicated that the SECA rates are being recovered from the MISO and PJM
transmission customers subject to refund by the MISO and PJM transmission
owners.

In addition,
FERC provided transmission customers that are charged the SECA rates with an
opportunity to demonstrate that such charges should be shifted to their wholesale
power suppliers. We are a recipient of SECA payments, payer of SECA charges,
and supplier to whom such charges may be shifted. Administrative hearings
regarding the SECA charges concluded in May 2006, and an initial decision
from the FERC administrative law judge (ALJ) was issued in August 2006. The
decision of the ALJ generally found in favor of reducing the overall SECA
liability. The decision, if upheld, is expected to significantly reduce the
overall SECA liability at issue in this proceeding. However, the ALJ also
allowed SECA charges to be shifted to upstream suppliers, subject to certain
adjustments. Therefore, certain charges could be shifted to our wholesale
marketing, risk management, and trading operation. This decision will be
reviewed by FERC. We are unable to predict the timing or final outcome of FERC’s
SECA rate proceeding. However, as the amounts collected under the SECA rates
are subject to refund and the ultimate outcome of the proceeding establishing
SECA rates is uncertain, the result of this proceeding may have a material
effect on our financial results.

In April 2006,
FERC issued an initial order approving PJM’s proposal to restructure its
capacity market. Such a restructuring would change how we are paid for
generating plant capacity available to PJM. However, FERC found that certain
elements of the proposal needed further development before FERC could issue a
final order and encouraged the parties to the proceeding, including
Constellation Energy, to continue to seek a negotiated resolution of the
remaining issues. Subsequently, 

32

settlement discussions were conducted among the parties that resulted
in a settlement being approved by FERC in December 2006, subject to
requests for rehearing and potential further judicial review. Currently, we
cannot predict with certainty the capacity prices that will result from the
restructuring, given that rules must still be developed, or the possible effect
such prices will have on our, or BGE’s, financial results. 

In February
2007, FERC adopted Order No. 890, which reforms the open-access transmission
regulatory framework. We are in the process of evaluating this rule and its
possible effect on our, or BGE’s, financial results.

Other market changes are routinely proposed and considered on an
ongoing basis. Such changes will be subject to FERC’s review and approval. We
cannot predict the outcome of these proceedings or the possible effect on our,
or BGE’s, financial results at this time.

Federal Energy
Legislation

The Energy
Policy Act of 2005 (EPACT 2005) was enacted in August 2005. The
legislation encourages investments in energy production and delivery
infrastructure, including further development of competitive wholesale energy
markets, and promotes the use of a diverse mix of fuels and renewable
technologies to generate electricity, including federal support and tax
incentives for clean coal, nuclear, and renewable power generation. Effective February 2006,
the legislation repealed the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935 (PUHCA
1935).

In addition,
EPACT 2005 significantly increased FERC’s enforcement authority.  There have been a number of FERC rulemaking
proceedings that relate to the implementation of EPACT 2005 including
proceedings relating to FERC’s new responsibilities following the repeal of
PUHCA 1935, its revised merger authority, its new authority over electric grid
reliability, and its new authority with respect to addressing electric and gas
market manipulation. FERC has moved expeditiously to implement its new
authority under EPACT 2005 and has completed many of its rulemaking proceedings
under EPACT 2005.  Additional rulemaking
remains to be completed, which could have a material impact on our, or BGE’s,
financial results.

There are also rulemakings required from other federal agencies, the
outcome of which could affect our financial results, but we cannot at this time
predict such outcome or the actual effect on our financial results.

Weather

Merchant Energy
Business

Weather conditions in the different regions of North America influence
the financial results of our merchant energy business. Weather conditions can
affect the supply of and demand for electricity, gas, and fuels. Changes in
energy supply and demand may impact the price of these energy commodities in
both the spot market and the forward market, which may affect our results in
any given period. Typically, demand for electricity and its price are higher in
the summer and the winter, when weather is more extreme. The demand for and
price of natural gas and oil are higher in the winter. However, all regions of
North America typically do not experience extreme weather conditions at the
same time, thus we are not typically exposed to the effects of extreme weather
in all parts of our business at once.

BGE

Weather affects the demand for electricity and gas for our regulated
businesses. Very hot summers and very cold winters increase demand. Mild
weather reduces demand. Weather affects residential sales more than commercial
and industrial sales, which are mostly affected by business needs for
electricity and gas. The Maryland PSC approved a revenue decoupling mechanism
which allows BGE to record a monthly adjustment to our regulated gas business
revenues to eliminate the effect of abnormal weather patterns. We discuss this
further in the Regulated Gas Business—Revenue
Decoupling section.

Other Factors

A number of other factors significantly influence the level and
volatility of prices for energy commodities and related derivative products for
our merchant energy business. These factors include:

¨
 seasonal,
daily, and hourly changes in demand,

¨
 number
of market participants,

¨
 extreme
peak demands,

¨
 available
supply resources,

¨
 transportation
and transmission availability and reliability within and between regions,

¨
 location
of our generating facilities relative to the location of our load-serving
obligations,

¨
 implementation
of new market rules governing operations of regional power pools,

¨
 procedures
used to maintain the integrity of the physical electricity system during
extreme conditions,

¨
 changes
in the nature and extent of federal and state regulations, and

¨
 international
supply and demand.

These factors can affect energy commodity and derivative prices in
different ways and to different degrees. These effects may vary throughout the
country as a result of regional differences in:

¨
 weather
conditions,

¨
 market
liquidity,

¨
 capability
and reliability of the physical electricity and gas systems,

¨
 local
transportation systems, and

¨
 the
nature and extent of electricity deregulation.

Other factors
also impact the demand for electricity and gas in our regulated businesses.
These factors include the number of customers and usage per customer during a
given period. We use these terms later in our discussions of regulated electric
and gas operations. In those sections, we discuss how these and other factors
affected electric and gas sales during the periods presented.

The number of
customers in a given period is affected by new home and apartment construction
and by the number of businesses in our service territory.

Usage per customer refers to all other items impacting customer sales
that cannot be measured separately. These factors include the strength of the
economy in our service territory. When the economy is healthy and expanding,
customers tend to consume more electricity and gas. Conversely, during an
economic downturn, our customers tend to consume less electricity and gas.

33

Environmental
Matters and Legal Proceedings

We discuss details of our environmental matters in Note 12 and 
Item 1. Business—Environmental Matters
section. We discuss details of our legal proceedings in 
Note 12. Some of this information is
about costs that may be material to our financial results.

Accounting
Standards Adopted and Issued

We discuss recently adopted and issued accounting standards in Note 1.

Critical Accounting Policies

Our discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of
operations is based on our consolidated financial statements that were prepared
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. Management makes estimates and assumptions when preparing
financial statements. These estimates and assumptions affect various matters,
including:

¨
 our
reported amounts of revenues and expenses in our Consolidated Statements of
Income,

¨
 our
reported amounts of assets and liabilities in our Consolidated Balance Sheets,
and

¨
 our
disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities.

These estimates
involve judgments with respect to numerous factors that are difficult to
predict and are beyond management’s control. As a result, actual amounts could
materially differ from these estimates.

Management believes the following accounting policies represent
critical accounting policies as defined by the Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC). The SEC defines critical accounting policies as those that
are both most important to the portrayal of a company’s financial condition and
results of operations and require management’s most difficult, subjective, or
complex judgment, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the
effect of matters that are inherently uncertain and may change in subsequent
periods. We discuss our significant accounting policies, including those that
do not require management to make difficult, subjective, or complex judgments
or estimates, in Note 1.

Accounting for
Derivatives

Our merchant
energy business originates and acquires contracts for energy, other energy-related
commodities, and related derivatives. We record merchant energy business
revenues using two methods of accounting: accrual accounting and mark-to-market
accounting. The accounting requirements for derivatives are governed by
Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (SFAS) No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities,
 as amended,
and applying those requirements involves the exercise of judgment in evaluating
these provisions, as well as related implementation guidance and applying those
requirements to complex contracts in a variety of commodities and markets.

Many
fundamental customer contracts in our business, such as those associated with
our load-serving activities, must be accounted for on an accrual basis.  We may economically hedge these contracts with
derivatives and elect cash-flow hedge accounting or apply the normal purchase
and normal sale exception in order to match more closely the timing of the
recognition of earnings from these transactions.  We make these elections because we believe
that accrual accounting provides the most transparent presentation to our
shareholders of these business activities. 
If our commercial transactions or related hedges meet the definition of
a derivative, we must comply with the provisions of SFAS No. 133 in order to
use cash-flow hedge accounting or the normal purchase and normal sale
exception.  Qualifying for either of
these accounting treatments requires ongoing compliance with specific, detailed
documentation and other requirements that may be unrelated to the economics of
the transactions or how the associated risks are managed.  While we believe we have appropriate controls
in place to comply with these requirements, the failure to meet all of those
requirements, even inadvertently, may result in disqualifying the use of these
accounting treatments for those transactions for any affected period until all
such requirements are satisfied.

The exercise of
management’s judgment in using cash-flow hedge accounting or electing the
normal purchase and sale exception versus mark-to-market accounting, including
compliance with all of the associated qualification and documentation
requirements, materially impacts our financial results with respect to timing
of the recognition of earnings.   In
addition, interpretations of SFAS No. 133 could continue to evolve.  If there is a future change in interpretation
or a failure to meet the qualification and documentation requirements,
contracts that currently are excluded from the provisions of SFAS No. 133 under
the normal purchase and normal sale exception or for which changes in fair
value are recorded in other comprehensive income under cash-flow hedge
accounting could be deemed to no longer qualify for those accounting
treatments.  If that were to occur,
normal purchase and normal sale contracts could be required to be recorded on
the balance sheet at fair value with changes in value recorded in the income
statement, and changes in value of derivatives previously designated as
cash-flow hedges could be required to be recorded in the income statement
rather than in other comprehensive income. 

We record
revenues and fuel and purchased energy expenses from the sale or purchase of
energy, energy-related products, and energy services under the accrual
method of accounting in the period when we deliver or receive energy
commodities, products, and services, or settle contracts. We use accrual
accounting for our merchant energy and other nonregulated business
transactions, including the generation or purchase and sale of electricity,
gas, and coal as part of our physical delivery activities and for power, gas,
and coal sales contracts that are not subject to mark-to-market accounting.
Contracts that are eligible for accrual accounting include non-derivative
transactions and derivatives that qualify for and are designated as normal
purchases and normal sales of commodities that will be physically delivered.

The use of
accrual accounting requires us to analyze contracts to determine whether they
are non-derivatives or, if they are derivatives, whether they meet the
requirements for designation as normal purchases and normal sales. For those
derivative contracts that do not meet these criteria, we may also analyze
whether they qualify for hedge accounting, including performing an evaluation
of historical market price information to determine whether such contracts are
expected to be highly effective in offsetting changes in cash flows from the
risk being hedged. We record the fair value of derivatives for which we have 

34

elected hedge accounting in “Risk management assets and liabilities.”

We use the
mark-to-market method of accounting for derivative contracts for which we do
not elect to use accrual accounting or hedge accounting. These mark-to-market
activities include derivative contracts for energy and other energy-related
commodities. Under the mark-to-market method of accounting, we record the fair
value of these derivatives as mark-to-market energy assets and liabilities at
the time of contract execution. We record the changes in mark-to-market energy
assets and liabilities in our Consolidated Statements of Income.

Mark-to-market
energy assets and liabilities consist of a combination of energy and energy-related
derivative contracts. While some of these contracts represent commodities or
instruments for which prices are available from external sources, other
commodities and certain contracts are not actively traded and are valued using
modeling techniques to determine expected future market prices, contract
quantities, or both. The market prices and quantities used to determine fair
value reflect management’s best estimate considering various factors. However,
future market prices and actual quantities will vary from those used in recording
mark-to-market energy assets and liabilities, and it is possible that such
variations could be material.

We record
valuation adjustments to reflect uncertainties associated with certain
estimates inherent in the determination of the fair value of mark-to-market
energy assets and liabilities. The effect of these uncertainties is not
incorporated in market price information or other market-based estimates
used to determine fair value of our mark-to-market energy contracts. To the
extent possible, we utilize market-based data together with quantitative
methods for both measuring the uncertainties for which we record valuation
adjustments and determining the level of such adjustments and changes in those
levels.

We describe below the main types of valuation adjustments we record and
the process for establishing each. Generally, increases in valuation
adjustments reduce our earnings, and decreases in valuation adjustments
increase our earnings. However, all or a portion of the effect on earnings of
changes in valuation adjustments may be offset by changes in the value of the
underlying positions.

¨
 Close-out
adjustment—represents the estimated cost to close out or sell to a third-party
open mark-to-market positions. This valuation adjustment has the effect of
valuing “long” positions (the purchase of a commodity) at the bid price and “short”
positions (the sale of a commodity) at the offer price. We compute this
adjustment using a market-based estimate of the bid/offer spread for each
commodity and option price and the absolute quantity of our net open positions
for each year. The level of total close-out valuation adjustments increases as
we have larger unhedged positions, bid-offer spreads increase, or market
information is not available, and it decreases as we reduce our unhedged
positions, bid-offer spreads decrease, or market information becomes available.
To the extent that we are not able to obtain observable market information for
similar contracts, the close-out adjustment is equivalent to the initial
contract margin, thereby resulting in no gain or loss at inception. In the
absence of observable market information, there is a presumption that the
transaction price is equal to the market value of the contract, and therefore
we do not recognize a gain or loss at inception. We recognize such gains or
losses in earnings as we realize cash flows under the contract or when
observable market data becomes available.

¨
 Credit-spread
adjustment—for risk management purposes, we compute the value of our
mark-to-market energy assets and liabilities using a risk-free discount rate.
In order to compute fair value for financial reporting purposes, we adjust the
value of our mark-to-market energy assets to reflect the credit-worthiness
of each counterparty based upon either published credit ratings, or equivalent
internal credit ratings and associated default probability percentages. We
compute this adjustment by applying a default probability percentage to our
outstanding credit exposure, net of collateral, for each counterparty. The
level of this adjustment increases as our credit exposure to counterparties
increases, the maturity terms of our transactions increase, or the credit
ratings of our counterparties deteriorate, and it decreases when our credit
exposure to counterparties decreases, the maturity terms of our transactions
decrease, or the credit ratings of our counterparties improve.

Market prices
for energy and energy-related commodities vary based upon a number of
factors, and changes in market prices affect both the recorded fair value of
our mark-to-market energy contracts and the level of future revenues and costs
associated with accrual-basis activities. Changes in the value of our
mark-to-market energy contracts will affect our earnings in the period of the
change, while changes in forward market prices related to accrual-basis
revenues and costs will affect our earnings in future periods to the extent
those prices are realized. We cannot predict whether, or to what extent, the
factors affecting market prices may change, but those changes could be material
and could affect us either favorably or unfavorably. We discuss our market risk
in more detail in the Market Risk
section.

The impact of derivative contracts on our revenues and costs is material
and is affected by many factors, including:

¨
 our
ability to continue to designate and qualify derivative contracts for normal
purchase and normal sale accounting or hedge accounting under the requirements
of SFAS No. 133, as amended and as interpreted in supplemental
guidance,

¨
 potential
volatility in earnings from ineffectiveness associated with derivatives subject
to hedge accounting,

¨
 potential
volatility in earnings from derivative contracts that serve as economic hedges
but do not meet the accounting requirements to qualify for normal purchase and
normal sale accounting or hedge accounting,

¨
 our
ability to enter into new mark-to-market derivative origination transactions,
and

¨
 sufficient
liquidity and transparency in the energy markets to permit us to record gains
at inception of new derivative contracts because fair value is evidenced by
quoted market prices, current market transactions, or other observable market
information.

35

As discussed in Note 1, the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued SFAS No. 157, 
Fair Value Measurements, which
 is
effective January 1, 2008 and will affect our accounting for derivatives.
SFAS No. 157 defines fair value, establishes a framework for measuring
fair value, and expands disclosures for fair value measurements.

Evaluation of
Assets for Impairment and Other Than Temporary Decline in Value

Long-Lived
Assets

We are required to evaluate certain assets that have long lives (for
example, generating property and equipment and real estate) to determine if they
are impaired when certain conditions exist. SFAS No. 144, Accounting for the Impairment or Disposal of
Long-Lived Assets, provides the accounting requirements for
impairments of long-lived assets. We are required to test our long-lived assets
for recoverability whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that
their carrying amount may not be recoverable. Examples of such events or
changes are:

¨
 a
significant decrease in the market price of a long-lived asset,

¨
 a
significant adverse change in the manner an asset is being used or its physical
condition,

¨
 an
adverse action by a regulator or legislature or an adverse change in the
business climate,

¨
 an
accumulation of costs significantly in excess of the amount originally expected
for the construction or acquisition of an asset,

¨
 a
current-period loss combined with a history of losses or the projection
of future losses, or

¨
 a
change in our intent about an asset from an intent to hold to a greater than
50% likelihood that an asset will be sold or disposed of before the end of its
previously estimated useful life.

For long-lived
assets that are expected to be held and used, SFAS No. 144 provides that
an impairment loss shall only be recognized if the carrying amount of an asset
is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. The carrying amount of an asset
is not recoverable under SFAS No. 144 if the carrying amount exceeds the
sum of the undiscounted future cash flows expected to result from the use and
eventual disposition of the asset. Therefore, when we believe an impairment
condition may have occurred, we are required to estimate the undiscounted
future cash flows associated with a long-lived asset or group of long-lived
assets at the lowest level for which identifiable cash flows are largely independent
of the cash flows of other assets and liabilities. This necessarily requires us
to estimate uncertain future cash flows.

In order to
estimate future cash flows, we consider historical cash flows and changes in
the market environment and other factors that may affect future cash flows. To
the extent applicable, the assumptions we use are consistent with forecasts
that we are otherwise required to make (for example, in preparing our other
earnings forecasts). If we are considering alternative courses of action to
recover the carrying amount of a long-lived asset (such as the potential sale
of an asset), we probability-weight the alternative courses of action to
estimate the cash flows.

We use our best
estimates in making these evaluations and consider various factors, including
forward price curves for energy, fuel costs, and operating costs. However,
actual future market prices and project costs could vary from the assumptions
used in our estimates, and the impact of such variations could be material.

For long-lived
assets that can be classified as assets held for sale under SFAS No. 144,
an impairment loss is recognized to the extent their carrying amount exceeds
their fair value less costs to sell.

If we determine
that the undiscounted cash flows from an asset to be held and used are less
than the carrying amount of the asset, or if we have classified an asset as
held for sale, we must estimate fair value to determine the amount of any
impairment loss. The estimation of fair value under SFAS No. 144, whether
in conjunction with an asset to be held and used or with an asset held for
sale, also involves judgment. We consider quoted market prices in active
markets to the extent they are available. In the absence of such information,
we may consider prices of similar assets, consult with brokers, or employ other
valuation techniques. Often, we will discount the estimated future cash flows
associated with the asset using a single interest rate that is commensurate
with the risk involved with such an investment or employ an expected present
value method that probability-weights a range of possible outcomes. The
use of these methods involves the same inherent uncertainty of future cash
flows as discussed above with respect to undiscounted cash flows. Actual future
market prices and project costs could vary from those used in our estimates,
and the impact of such variations could be material.

We are also
required to evaluate our equity-method and cost-method investments (for
example, in partnerships that own power projects) to determine whether or not
they are impaired. Accounting Principles Board (APB) Opinion No. 18, The Equity Method of Accounting for Investments in
Common Stock, provides the accounting requirements for these
investments. The standard for determining whether an impairment must be
recorded under APB No. 18 is whether the investment has experienced a loss
in value that is considered an “other than a temporary” decline in value.

The evaluation and measurement of impairments under the APB No. 18
standard involves the same uncertainties as described above for long-lived
assets that we own directly and account for in accordance with SFAS
No. 144. Similarly, the estimates that we make with respect to our equity
and cost-method investments are subject to variation, and the impact of such
variations could be material. Additionally, if the projects in which we hold
these investments recognize an impairment under the provisions of SFAS
No. 144, we would record our proportionate share of that impairment loss
and would evaluate our investment for an other than temporary decline in value
under APB No. 18.

Gas Properties

We evaluate unproved property at least annually to determine if it is
impaired under SFAS No. 19, Financial
Accounting and Reporting by Oil and Gas Producing Properties.
Impairment for unproved property occurs if there are no firm plans to continue
drilling, lease expiration is at risk, or historical experience necessitates a
valuation allowance.

36

Debt and Equity
Securities

Our investments in debt and equity securities, primarily our nuclear
decommissioning trust fund assets, are subject to impairment evaluations under
FASB Staff Position SFAS 115-1 and SFAS 124-1
(FSP 115-1 and 124-1), The
Meaning of Other-Than-Temporary Impairment and Its Application to Certain
Investments. FSP 115-1 and 124-1 requires us to
determine whether a decline in fair value of an investment below the amortized
cost basis is other than temporary. If we determine that the decline in fair
value is judged to be other than temporary, the cost basis of the investment
must be written down to fair value as a new cost basis.

Goodwill

Goodwill is the excess of the purchase price of an acquired business
over the fair value of the net assets acquired. We account for goodwill and
other intangibles under the provisions of SFAS No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. We
do not amortize goodwill. SFAS No. 142 requires us to evaluate goodwill
for impairment at least annually or more frequently if events and circumstances
indicate the business might be impaired. Goodwill is impaired if the carrying
value of the business exceeds fair value. Annually, we estimate the fair value
of the businesses we have acquired using techniques similar to those used to
estimate future cash flows for long-lived assets as discussed on the previous
page, which involves judgment. If the estimated fair value of the business is
less than its carrying value, an impairment loss is required to be recognized
to the extent that the carrying value of goodwill is greater than its fair
value.

Asset Retirement
Obligations

We incur legal
obligations associated with the retirement of certain long-lived assets. SFAS No. 143,
Accounting for Asset Retirement Obligations,
provides the accounting for legal obligations associated with the retirement of
long-lived assets. We incur such legal obligations as a result of environmental
and other government regulations, contractual agreements, and other factors.
The application of this standard requires significant judgment due to the large
number and diverse nature of the assets in our various businesses and the
estimation of future cash flows required to measure legal obligations
associated with the retirement of specific assets. FASB Interpretation (FIN)
47, 
Accounting for Conditional Asset
Retirement Obligations—an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 143,
clarifies that obligations that are conditional upon a future event are subject
to the provisions of SFAS No. 143.

SFAS No. 143
requires the use of an expected present value methodology in measuring asset
retirement obligations that involves judgment surrounding the inherent
uncertainty of the probability, amount and timing of payments to settle these
obligations, and the appropriate interest rates to discount future cash flows.
We use our best estimates in identifying and measuring our asset retirement
obligations in accordance with SFAS No. 143.

Our nuclear decommissioning costs represent our largest asset
retirement obligation. This obligation primarily results from the requirement
to decommission and decontaminate our nuclear generating facilities in
connection with their future retirement. We utilize site-specific
decommissioning cost estimates to determine our nuclear asset retirement
obligations. However, given the magnitude of the amounts involved, complicated
and ever-changing technical and regulatory requirements, and the very long time
horizons involved, the actual obligation could vary from the assumptions used
in our estimates, and the impact of such variations could be material.

Significant Events

Termination of
Merger Agreement with FPL Group, Inc.

On October 24, 2006, Constellation Energy and FPL Group, Inc.
(FPL Group) agreed to terminate the Agreement and Plan of Merger the parties
had entered into on December 18, 2005. We discuss the merger termination agreement in more detail in Note 15.

Commodity Prices

During 2006, we continued to experience significant changes in
commodity prices. This volatile commodity price environment continues to impact
our results of operations and financial conditions. This volatility contributed
to the following changes in our financial statements:

¨
  total
mark-to-market assets decreased $510.3 million and total mark-to-market
liabilities decreased $796.9 million since December 31, 2005,

¨
  total
risk management assets decreased $1,282.9 million and total risk
management liabilities increased $528.3 million since December 31,
2005,

¨
  net
cash collateral requirements increased $630.6 million since December 31,
2005,

¨
  accumulated
other comprehensive loss increased $1,088.1 million since December 31,
2005,

¨
  total
revenues increased $2,316.6 million during 2006 compared to 2005, and

¨
  total
fuel and purchased energy expenses increased $1,691.1 million during 2006
compared to 2005.

We discuss the impact of commodity prices on our financial condition
and results of operations in more detail in the following sections:

¨

Merchant Energy Results,

¨

Financial Condition,

¨

Contractual Payment Obligations and Committed Amounts, and

¨

Market Risk.

Residential
Electric Rates

We discuss Senate Bill 1 enacted by the Maryland General Assembly
in more detail in the Item
1. Business—Electric Regulatory Matters and Competition
 and Regulation
sections
.

Gas-Fired Plants

In December 2006, we completed the sale of several gas-fired
plants for $1.6 billion in cash, and recognized a pre-tax gain on
the sale of $259.0 million, or $163.8 million after-tax. We discuss the sale in
more detail in Note 2.

37

Synthetic Fuel
Facilities

Our merchant energy business has
investments in facilities that manufacture solid synthetic fuel produced from
coal as defined under the Internal Revenue Code (IRC) for which we can claim
tax credits on our Federal income tax return through 2007. The IRC provides for
a phase-out of synthetic fuel tax credits if average annual wellhead oil prices
increase above certain levels. For 2006, we estimate the tax credit reduction
would begin if the reference price exceeds approximately $55 per barrel and
would be fully phased-out if the reference price exceeds approximately $68 per
barrel. We discuss how we determine the amount of phase-out in more detail in Note 10.

Based on
monthly EIA published wellhead oil prices for the ten months ended October 31,
2006 and November and December NYMEX prices for light, sweet, crude oil
(adjusted for the 2006 difference between EIA and NYMEX prices), we estimate a
38% tax credit phase-out in 2006. We recorded the effect of this phase-out estimate
as a reduction in tax credits of $44.3 million during 2006.

For 2007, we
estimate the tax credit reduction would begin if the reference price exceeds
approximately $56 per barrel and would be fully phased-out if the reference
price exceeds approximately $70 per barrel. Based on forward market prices and
volatilities as of February 22, 2007, we estimate a 21% tax credit
phase-out in 2007. However, the ultimate amount of tax credits phased-out for
2007 is subject to change based on the actual reference price and production
levels for the entire year. In addition, our ability to claim synthetic fuel
tax credits and the potential phase-out of these credits could be materially
impacted by any future legislative changes to the Internal Revenue Code.

We actively
monitor and manage our exposure to synthetic fuel tax credit phase-out as part
of our ongoing hedging activities. In addition, we continue to monitor various
options related to our South Carolina facility, including the suspension or
cessation of synthetic fuel production depending on our expectation of the
level of tax credit phase-out.

We will continue to monitor the level of synthetic fuel tax credit
phase-out based on forward market prices and volatilities and perform
impairment analyses as warranted. A significant increase in synthetic fuel tax
credit phase-out could result in an impairment. At December 31, 2006, the
book value of our investment in synthetic fuel facilities is approximately $14
million, substantially all of which is related to our South Carolina facility.

Workforce Reduction
Costs

During the quarter ended March 31,
2006, we incurred costs associated with a planned workforce restructuring at
our R. E. Ginna Nuclear Power Plant (Ginna). In July 2006, we
announced a planned workforce restructuring at our Nine Mile Point Nuclear
Station (Nine Mile Point). We also initiated a restructuring of the workforce
at our Calvert Cliffs nuclear facility during the third quarter of 2006.

In addition, during 2006,
we recorded a settlement charge in our Consolidated Statements of Income for
one of our qualified plans under SFAS No. 88, Employers’ Accounting for Settlements and Curtailments of Defined
Benefit Pension Plans and for Termination Benefits.

We discuss these restructurings and the settlement charge in more
detail in Note 2.

Acquisitions

During 2006, we acquired working interests in gas and oil producing
fields. We discuss this acquisition in more detail in the Note 15.

Initial Public
Offering of Constellation Energy Partners LLC

In November 2006,
Constellation Energy Partners LLC (CEP), a limited liability company formed by
Constellation Energy, completed its initial public offering of common units.
CEP is principally engaged in the acquisition, development, and exploitation of
natural gas properties. CEP’s existing property is located in the Robinson’s
Bend Field in the Black Warrior Basin of Alabama.

We discuss the impact of this initial public offering on our financial
results in more detail in Note 2.

Nine
Mile Point License Extension

In October 2006, we received Nuclear Regulatory Commission
approval for license extension for both units at our Nine Mile Point nuclear
facility. With the renewed licenses, we can continue to operate Unit 1 until
2029 and Unit 2 until 2046.

Ginna
Uprate

During the fourth quarter of 2006, we completed a planned outage at our
Ginna nuclear facility, which included an uprate of the plant from 498
megawatts to 581 megawatts. We expect that the increase in capacity of the
facility will result in higher revenues in future years due to higher
generation.

Dividend
Increase

In January 2007, we announced an increase in our quarterly
dividend to $0.435 per share on our common stock. This is equivalent to an
annual rate of $1.74 per share. Previously, our quarterly dividend on our
common stock was $0.3775 per share, equivalent to an annual rate of $1.51 per
share.

38

Results
of Operations

In this section, we discuss our earnings and the factors affecting
them. We begin with a general overview, and then separately discuss earnings
for our operating segments. Significant changes in other income and expense,
fixed charges, and income taxes are discussed in the aggregate for all segments
in the Consolidated Nonoperating Income and
Expenses section.

Overview

Results

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions, after-tax)

 Merchant energy

 $

 580.1

 $

 359.4

 $

 358.0

 Regulated electric

 120.2

 149.4

 131.1

 Regulated gas

 37.0

 26.7

 22.2

 Other nonregulated

 11.3

 0.4

 (12.9

 )

 Income from continuing operations and before cumulative effects of
 changes in accounting principles

 748.6

 535.9

 498.4

 Income from discontinued
 operations

 187.8

 94.4

 41.3

 Cumulative effects of
 changes in accounting principles

 —

 (7.2

 )

 —

 Net Income

 $

 936.4

 $

 623.1

 $

 539.7

 Other Items Included in Operations:

 Gain on sale of gas-fired
 plants

 $

 47.1

 $

 —

 $

 —

 Non-qualifying
 hedges

 39.2

 (24.9

 )

 0.2

 Workforce reduction costs

 (17.0

 )

 (2.6

 )

 (5.9

 )

 Merger-related
 costs

 (5.7

 )

 (15.6

 )

 —

 Recognition of 2003
 synthetic fuel tax credits

 —

 —

 35.9

 Total Other Items

 $

 63.6

 $

 (43.1

 )

 $

 30.2

Certain prior-year amounts have been
reclassified to conform with the current year’s presentation.

2006

Our total net
income for 2006 increased $313.3 million, or $1.69 per share, compared to
2005 mostly because of the following:

¨
  We had higher earnings of
approximately $144 million after-tax at our merchant energy business due to
higher gross margin from the Mid-Atlantic Region. We discuss this increase in
gross margin in more detail in the 
Mid-Atlantic
Region section.

¨
  We had higher earnings from
discontinued operations of $93.4 million after-tax mostly due to the gain on
sale of our High Desert facility. In addition, we had higher earnings of $47.1
million resulting from the recognition of a gain on sale of five other
gas-fired generating facilities. We discuss the sale of these plants in more
detail in 
Note 2.

¨
  We had higher wholesale
competitive supply gross margin of approximately $105 million after-tax.
This increase was partially offset by approximately $68 million after-tax
of higher operating expenses mostly because of higher labor and benefit costs
due to the growth of our wholesale competitive supply operation. We discuss our
mark-to-market and wholesale accrual results in more detail in the 
Competitive Supply section.

¨
  We had higher earnings of
$67.7 million after-tax at our retail competitive supply operation
primarily due to an increase in gross margin, partially offset by higher
operating expenses to support the growth of this operation. We discuss our
retail gross margin in more detail in the 
Competitive
Supply—Retail section.

¨
  We had higher earnings of
approximately $18 million after-tax due to the gain on the CEP initial public
offering. This gain was partially offset by cash-flow hedge losses of
approximately $10 million after-tax reclassified from “Accumulated other
comprehensive income” to revenues as a result of the initial public offering.
We discuss the CEP transaction in more detail in 
Note 2.

¨
  We had higher earnings of
$10.3 million after-tax from our regulated gas business primarily due to
the favorable impact of the increase in gas base rates that was approved in December 2005.

These increases
were partially offset by the following:

¨
  We had lower earnings of
$30.1 million after-tax at our synthetic fuel facilities mostly due to the
expected phase-out of tax credits as a result of the high price of oil. We
discuss the phase-out of tax credits in more detail in the 
Significant Events
 section.

¨
  We had lower earnings of
$29.2 million after-tax from our regulated electric business primarily due
to higher operations and maintenance expenses and lower revenues less
electricity purchased for resale expenses.

¨
  We had lower earnings of
$14.4 million after-tax due to workforce reduction costs associated with
workforce restructurings at our nuclear generating facilities. We discuss these
costs in more detail in the 
Note 2.

¨
  We had lower earnings of
approximately $11 million after-tax due to higher fixed charges and lower other
income. We discuss these items in more detail in the 
Consolidated Nonoperating Income and Expenses section.

2005

Our total net
income for 2005 increased $83.4 million, or $0.35 per share, compared to
2004 mostly because of the following:

¨
  We
had higher earnings of approximately $58 million at our wholesale
marketing, risk management, and trading operation. This increase is primarily
due to the realization of higher gross margin, which included the termination
or restructuring of several energy contracts and higher mark-to-market results
in earnings. We discuss these terminations, restructurings, and mark-to-market
results in more detail in the 
Competitive
Supply section. This increase in earnings was partially offset by
higher load-serving costs resulting from extreme weather and volatile commodity
prices and higher operating expenses.

¨
  We
recorded higher income from discontinued operations of $53.1 million
after-tax. This increase is primarily due to a loss of $49.1 million after
tax in 2004 related to the sale of our Hawaiian geothermal facility which had a
negative impact in that period. We discuss discontinued operations in more
detail in 
Note 2.

39

¨
  We
had higher earnings of approximately $34 million after-tax primarily due to
higher interest and investment income due to a higher cash balance, and higher
decommissioning trust asset earnings, and lower interest expense resulting from
the maturity of $300.0 million in long-term debt in 2005 and the favorable
impact of floating-rate swaps.

¨
  We
had higher earnings of $29.1 million after-tax at our Nine Mile Point and
Ginna facilities primarily due to productivity improvements and cost saving
initiatives partially offset by inflationary cost increases and costs
associated with the planned refueling outage at Ginna.

¨
  We
had higher earnings of $22.8 million after-tax at our regulated businesses
primarily due to favorable weather during 2005 compared to 2004.

¨
  We
had higher earnings of approximately $17 million after-tax due to the absence
of coal delivery issues that were experienced in 2004 that had a negative
impact in that period.

¨
  We
had higher earnings from our other nonregulated businesses of
$13.3 million after-tax, including higher gains from the continued
liquidation of our non-core investments and the results of Cogenex, which was
acquired in April 2005. We discuss the acquisition of Cogenex in more
detail in 
Note 15.

¨
  We
had higher earnings at our South Carolina synthetic fuel facility of
$7.6 million after-tax due to a higher level of production in 2005
compared to 2004.

These increases
were partially offset by the following:

¨
  Our
merchant energy business recognized $35.9 million of 2003 synthetic fuel
tax credits in 2004 which had a positive impact in that period.

¨
  We
had lower earnings at our retail competitive supply operation of
$25.1 million after-tax primarily due to higher costs to serve our load
obligations in Texas and the absence of bankruptcy settlements that had a
favorable impact in 2004.

¨
  We
had lower earnings of $25.1 million after-tax related to losses associated
with certain economic hedges that do not qualify for cash-flow hedge accounting
treatment. We discuss these economic hedges in more detail in the 
Mark-to-Market section.

¨
  We
had lower earnings of $15.6 million after-tax due to external costs
associated with the execution of our merger agreement with FPL Group.

¨
  We
had lower earnings of $20.0 million after-tax due to lower competitive
transition charge (CTC) revenues at our merchant energy business.

¨
  We
had lower earnings of $8.5 million after-tax related to the impact of
expensing stock options during the fourth quarter of 2005.

¨
  We
had lower earnings of $7.2 million after-tax due to the cumulative effect
of adopting FIN 47 and SFAS No. 123 Revised (SFAS No. 123R), 
Share-Based Payment. We discuss the
adoption of these standards in detail in 
Note 1.

Earnings per
share was impacted by additional dilution, including the issuance of
6.0 million shares of common stock on July 1, 2004.

Merchant Energy Business

Background

Our merchant energy business is a competitive
provider of energy solutions for various customers. We discuss the impact of
deregulation on our merchant energy business in Item 1. Business—Competition section.

Our merchant energy business focuses on
delivery of physical, customer-oriented products to producers and
consumers, manages the risk and optimizes the value of our owned generation
assets, and uses our portfolio management and trading capabilities both to
manage risk and to deploy risk capital to generate additional returns. We
continue to identify and pursue opportunities which can generate additional
returns through portfolio management and trading activities within our
business. These opportunities have increased due to the significant growth in
scale of our competitive supply operations.

We record
merchant energy revenues and expenses in our financial results in different
periods depending upon which portion of our business they affect. We discuss
our revenue recognition policies in the Critical
Accounting Policies section and in 
Note 1.
We summarize our revenue and expense recognition policies as follows:

¨
  We
record revenues as they are earned and fuel and purchased energy expenses as
they are incurred for contracts and activities subject to accrual accounting,
including certain load-serving activities.

¨
  Prior
to the settlement of the forecasted transaction being hedged, we record changes
in the fair value of contracts designated as cash-flow hedges in other
comprehensive income to the extent that the hedges are effective. We record the
effective portion of the changes in fair value of hedges in earnings in the
period the settlement of the hedged transaction occurs. We record the
ineffective portion of the changes in fair value of hedges, if any, in earnings
in the period in which the change occurs.

¨
  We
record changes in the fair value of contracts that are subject to
mark-to-market accounting in revenues or fuel and purchased energy expenses in
the period in which the change occurs.

Mark-to-market accounting requires us to make
estimates and assumptions using judgment in determining the fair value of
certain contracts and in recording revenues from those contracts. We discuss
the effects of mark-to-market accounting on our results in the Competitive Supply—Mark-to-Market section.
We discuss mark-to-market accounting and the accounting policies for the
merchant energy business further in the 
Critical
Accounting Policies section and in 
Note 1.

Our wholesale
marketing, risk management, and trading operation actively transacts in energy
and energy-related commodities in order to manage our portfolio of energy
purchases and sales to customers through structured transactions. As part of
these activities we trade energy and energy-related commodities and
deploy risk capital in the management of our portfolio in order to earn
additional returns. These activities are managed through daily value at risk
and stop loss limits and liquidity guidelines, and may have a material impact
on our financial results. We discuss the impact of our trading activities and
value at risk in more detail in the Competitive
Supply—Mark-to-Market and 
Market
Risk sections.

40

Results

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions)

 Revenues

 $

 17,166.2

 $

 14,622.4

 $

 10,188.3

 Fuel and purchased energy expenses

 (14,256.3

 )

 (12,301.8

 )

 (8,118.1

 )

 Operating expenses

 (1,549.4

 )

 (1,346.1

 )

 (1,149.9

 )

 Workforce reduction costs

 (28.2

 )

 (4.4

 )

 (9.7

 )

 Merger-related transaction costs

 (13.1

 )

 (11.2

 )

 —

 Depreciation, depletion, and amortization

 (258.7

 )

 (250.4

 )

 (221.9

 )

 Accretion of asset retirement obligations

 (67.6

 )

 (62.0

 )

 (53.1

 )

 Taxes other than income taxes

 (120.0

 )

 (106.7

 )

 (83.3

 )

 Gain on sale of gas-fired plants

 73.8

 —

 —

 Income from Operations

 $

 946.7

 $

 539.8

 $

 552.3

 Income from continuing operations and before cumulative effects of
 changes in accounting principles (after-tax)

 $

 580.1

 $

 359.4

 $

 358.0

 Income from discontinued
 operations (after-tax)

 186.9

 73.8

 31.9

 Cumulative effects of changes in
 accounting principles (after-tax)

 —

 (7.4

 )

 —

 Net Income

 $

 767.0

 $

 425.8

 $

 389.9

 Other Items Included in Operations (after-tax)

 Gain on sale of gas-fired plants

 $

 47.1

 $

 —

 $

 —

 Non-qualifying hedges

 39.2

 (24.9

 )

 0.2

 Merger-related costs

 (4.3

 )

 (10.4

 )

 —

 Workforce reduction costs

 (17.0

 )

 (2.6

 )

 (5.9

 )

 Recognition of 2003 synthetic
 fuel tax credits

 —

 —

 35.9

 Total Other Items

 $

 65.0

 $

 (37.9

 )

 $

 30.2

Certain prior-year
amounts have been reclassified to conform with the current year’s presentation.
Above amounts include intercompany transactions eliminated in our Consolidated
Financial Statements. Note 3 provides a reconciliation of operating
results by segment to our Consolidated Financial Statements.

Revenues and
Fuel and Purchased Energy Expenses

Our merchant
energy business manages the revenues we realize from the sale of energy to our
customers and our costs of procuring fuel and energy. As previously discussed,
our merchant energy business uses either accrual or mark-to-market accounting
to record our revenues and expenses. Mark-to-market results reflect the net
impact of amounts recorded in either revenues or fuel and purchased energy
expenses to recognize changes in fair value of derivative contracts subject to
mark-to-market accounting during the reporting period.

The difference
between revenues and fuel and purchased energy expenses, including all direct
expenses, is the gross margin of our merchant energy business, and this measure
is a useful tool for assessing the profitability of our merchant energy
business. Accordingly, we believe it is appropriate to discuss the operating
results of our merchant energy business by analyzing the changes in gross
margin between periods. In managing our portfolio, we may terminate,
restructure, or acquire contracts. Such transactions are within the normal
course of managing our portfolio and may materially impact the timing of our
recognition of revenues, fuel and purchased energy expenses, and cash flows.

We analyze our merchant energy gross margin in the following categories
because of the risk profile of each category, differences in the revenue
sources, and the nature of fuel and purchased energy expenses. With the
exception of a portion of our competitive supply activities that we are
required to account for using the mark-to-market method of accounting, all of
these activities are accounted for on an accrual basis.

¨
  Mid-Atlantic
Region—our fossil, nuclear, and hydroelectric generating facilities and
load-serving activities in the PJM Interconnection (PJM) region. This also
includes active portfolio management of the generating assets and other
physical and financial contractual arrangements, as well as other PJM
competitive supply activities. In addition, due to the expiration of its power
purchase agreement, beginning in June 2006 until its sale in
December 2006, the results of our University Park generating facility are
included with the Mid-Atlantic Region. University Park was previously included
in Plants with Power Purchase Agreements.

¨
  Plants
with Power Purchase Agreements—our generating facilities outside the
Mid-Atlantic Region with long-term power purchase agreements. As discussed in 
Note 2, the
 sale of the
High Desert facility resulted in a reclassification of its results of
operations to discontinued operations.

¨
  Wholesale
Competitive Supply—our marketing, risk management, and trading operation that
provides energy products and services primarily to distribution utilities,
power generators, and other wholesale customers. We also provide global energy
and related services and upstream and downstream natural gas services.

¨
  Retail
Competitive Supply—our operation that provides electric and gas energy products
and services to commercial, industrial, and governmental customers.

¨
  Other—our
investments in qualifying facilities and domestic power projects and our
generation operations and maintenance services.

In December 2006, we completed the sale
of these gas-fired plants:

 Facility

 Capacity
 (MW)

 Unit Type

 Location

 High Desert

 830

 Combined Cycle

 California

 Rio Nogales

 800

 Combined Cycle

 Texas

 Holland

 665

 Combined Cycle

 Illinois

 University Park

 300

 Peaking

 Illinois

 Big Sandy

 300

 Peaking

 West Virginia

 Wolf Hills

 250

 Peaking

 Virginia

We discuss the
sale of these gas-fired generating facilities in Note 2.

41

We provide a summary of our revenues, fuel
and purchased energy expenses, and gross margin as follows:

 2006

 2005

 2004

           (Dollar amounts in millions)

 Revenues:

 Mid-Atlantic Region

 $

 2,813.5

 $

 2,283.9

 $

 1,925.6

 Plants with Power
 Purchase Agreements

 650.5

 665.9

 555.3

 Competitive Supply

 Retail

 8,014.7

 6,942.3

 4,280.0

 Wholesale

 5,612.7

 4,672.3

 3,353.8

 Other

 74.8

 58.0

 73.6

 Total

 $

 17,166.2

 $

 14,622.4

 $

 10,188.3

 Fuel and purchased energy expenses:

 Mid-Atlantic Region

 $

 (1,727.6

 )

 $

 (1,436.5

 )

 $

 (946.9

 )

 Plants with Power
 Purchase Agreements

 (67.9

 )

 (72.5

 )

 (46.4

 )

 Competitive Supply

 Retail

 (7,570.2

 )

 (6,668.2

 )

 (4,011.4

 )

 Wholesale

 (4,890.6

 )

 (4,124.6

 )

 (3,113.4

 )

 Other

 —

 —

 —

 Total

 $

 (14,256.3

 )

 $

 (12,301.8

 )

 $

 (8,118.1

 )

 % of
 Total

 % of
 Total

 % of
 Total

 Gross margin:

 Mid-Atlantic Region

 $ 1,085.9

 37

 %

 $  

847.4

 36

 %

 $  

978.7

 47

 %

 Plants with Power
 Purchase Agreements

 582.6

 20

 593.4

 25

 508.9

 25

 Competitive Supply

 Retail

 444.5

 15

 274.1

 12

 268.6

 13

 Wholesale

 722.1

 25

 547.7

 24

 240.4

 12

 Other

 74.8

 3

 58.0

 3

 73.6

 3

 Total

 $ 2,909.9

 100

 %

 $ 2,320.6

 100

 %

 $ 2,070.2

 100

 %

Certain prior-year amounts have been
reclassified to conform with the current year’s presentation.

Mid-Atlantic Region

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions)

 Revenues

 $

 2,813.5

 $

 2,283.9

 $

 1,925.6

 Fuel and purchased energy
 expenses

 (1,727.6

 )

 (1,436.5

 )

 (946.9

 )

 Gross margin

 $

 1,085.9

 $

 847.4

 $

 978.7

The increase of
$238.5 million in gross margin in 2006 compared to 2005 is primarily due to
approximately $340 million in higher gross margin mostly from favorable
portfolio management, including higher margins on existing contracts and new
contracts that began in 2006.

Our wholesale
marketing, risk management, and trading operation was awarded contracts in 2006
to supply a substantial portion of BGE’s standard offer service obligation to
residential customers beginning July 1, 2006 through May 31, 2007.
The increase in gross margin included higher revenues from BGE of approximately
$256 million mostly from these new contracts during 2006 compared to 2005. This
increase in gross margin was partially offset by the negative impact of higher
expenses from serving the original BGE standard offer service obligation during
the first six months of 2006 as variable costs, including emissions and coal,
continued to increase. We discuss the expiration of the BGE residential rate
freeze in more detail in the Item 1.—Business—Electric
Deregulation and Competition section. Our wholesale marketing, risk
management, and trading operation served fixed-price standard offer service
obligations to BGE residential customers during the period from July 1,
2000 until July 1, 2006.

These increases in gross margin were partially offset by:

¨
  lower
CTC revenues of approximately $64 million due to customers that completed
their obligation and the continued decline in the CTC rate, and

¨
  lower
generation at Calvert Cliffs, which resulted in lower gross margin of
approximately $37 million, mostly because of a longer planned 2006
refueling outage that included replacement of the reactor vessel head.

The decrease in Mid-Atlantic Region gross margin in 2005 compared to
2004 is primarily due to rising commodity prices and hotter than normal weather
during the third quarter of 2005, which resulted in higher load-serving costs.
In addition, CTC revenues were $33.1 million lower during 2005 compared to
2004. These decreases in gross margin were partially offset by the absence of
coal delivery issues that we experienced in 2004 that had a negative impact in
that period.

Plants with Power Purchase Agreements

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions)

 Revenues

 $

 650.5

 $

 665.9

 $

 555.3

 Fuel and purchased energy
 expenses

 (67.9

 )

 (72.5

 )

 (46.4

 )

 Gross margin

 $

 582.6

 $

 593.4

 $

 508.9

Gross margin from our Plants with Power
Purchase Agreements decreased slightly in 2006 compared to the same periods of
2005. This was mostly due to approximately $14 million in lower gross margin
from the University Park facility. As discussed in the 
Revenues
and Fuel and Purchased Energy Expenses
 section,
the University Park power purchase agreement expired in May 2006. As a
result, beginning in June 2006 until its sale in December 2006, the
results of University Park are included in the Mid-Atlantic Region.

The increase in gross margin from our Plants with Power Purchase
Agreements in 2005 compared to 2004 was primarily due to:

¨
  higher
gross margin of $71.5 million from Ginna, which was acquired in
June 2004. This increase in gross margin at Ginna includes an increase in
revenues of $76.9 million
,
and

¨
  higher
gross margin of $39.0 million at our Nine Mile Point facility that
benefited from higher generation primarily due to fewer refueling outage days,
the absence of an unplanned outage that occurred in January 2004, and
higher prices on the portion of our output sold into the wholesale market.

These increases in gross margin were
partially offset by $26.0 million primarily related to changes in
commodity prices that had a negative impact on realized hedging activities
related to the portion of these facilities sold into the wholesale market.

42

Competitive
Supply

We analyze our retail accrual, wholesale accrual, and mark-to-market
competitive supply activities below.

Retail

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions)

 Accrual revenues

 $

 8,000.6

 $

 6,944.2

 $

 4,281.0

 Fuel and purchased energy
 expenses

 (7,577.0

 )

 (6,688.4

 )

 (4,011.4

 )

 Retail accrual activities

 423.6

 255.8

 269.6

 Mark-to-market
 activities

 20.9

 18.3

 (1.0

 )

 Gross margin

 $

 444.5

 $

 274.1

 $

 268.6

The increase in accrual gross margin of $167.8 million from our retail
activities during 2006 compared to 2005 is primarily due to:

¨
  approximately $158 million in higher
margins primarily due to higher electric rates and lower costs related to our
fixed-price load-serving obligations as a result of milder weather in 2006
compared to the prior year, and

¨
  approximately $13 million in higher gross
margin due to higher volumes, including 3.6 million more megawatt
hours of electricity and 55 billion cubic feet more of natural gas served
to retail customers during the year ended December 31, 2006 compared to
2005.

The decrease in gross margin from our retail competitive supply accrual
activities in 2005 compared to 2004 is primarily due to:

¨
  a
combination of higher market prices for electricity, price volatility, and increased
customer usage primarily in Texas resulting mostly from extreme summer weather,
which increased our cost to serve our fixed-price load-serving obligations,

¨
  the
expiration of higher margin contracts, and

¨
  the
absence of favorable bankruptcy settlements, which had a positive impact in
2004.

These decreases were partially offset by serving approximately 20
million more megawatt hours in 2005 compared to 2004 mostly due to the growth
of this operation.

Wholesale

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions)

 Accrual revenues

 $

 5,232.7

 $

 4,281.8

 $

 3,253.7

 Fuel and purchased energy
 expenses

 (4,890.6

 )

 (4,124.6

 )

 (3,113.4

 )

 Wholesale accrual
 activities

 342.1

 157.2

 140.3

 Mark-to-market
 activities

 380.0

 390.5

 100.1

 Gross margin

 $

 722.1

 $

 547.7

 $

 240.4

Our wholesale marketing, risk management, and trading operation had
$184.9 million of higher gross margin from accrual activities during 2006
compared to 2005 due to:

¨
  an
increase of approximately $145 million primarily due to new contracts entered
into during 2006 and higher realized gross margin on existing contracts, and

¨
an increase of approximately $85 million primarily related to the growth
in our coal and natural gas activities.

These increases in gross margin were partially offset by the following:

¨
 a
decrease of $24.8 million as a result of the initial public offering of CEP and
the sale of our gas-fired plants. As a result of these transactions, forecasted
transactions associated with cash-flow hedges were determined to be probable of
not occurring, and the associated amounts previously recorded in “Accumulated
other comprehensive loss” were reclassified into earnings, and

¨
 a
decrease of approximately $20 million from contract restructurings related to
unit contingent power purchase agreements during the year ended December 2006
compared to 2005. The termination and sale of these contracts has allowed us to
eliminate our exposure to performance risk under these contracts.

Our wholesale marketing, risk management, and trading operation’s
accrual gross margin was $16.9 million higher in 2005 compared to 2004
primarily due to newly originated and realized business in power, gas, and coal
in 2005, including several contract terminations and restructurings. During
2005, we terminated or restructured several in-the-money contracts in exchange
for upfront cash payments and a reduction or cancellation of future performance
obligations. The termination or restructuring of two contracts allowed us to
lower our exposure to performance risk under these contracts, and resulted in
the realization of $77.0 million of pre-tax earnings in 2005 that would
have been recognized over the life of these contracts. These increases were
partially offset by lower gross margins of approximately $60 million
mostly due to the absence of several favorable items, including settlements,
power prices, and contracts that had a positive impact in 2004.

Mark-to-Market

Mark-to-market results include
net gains and losses from origination, trading, and risk management activities
for which we use the mark-to-market method of accounting. We discuss these
activities and the mark-to-market method of accounting in more detail in the Critical Accounting Policies section and
in 
Note 1.

As a result of the nature of our operations and the use of
mark-to-market accounting for certain activities, mark-to-market earnings will
fluctuate. We cannot predict these fluctuations, but the impact on our earnings
could be material. We discuss our market risk in more detail in the Market Risk section. The primary factors
that cause fluctuations in our mark-to-market results are:

¨
  the
number, size, and profitability of new transactions including terminations or
restructuring of existing contracts,

¨
  the
number and size of our open derivative positions, and

¨
  changes
in the level and volatility of forward commodity prices and interest rates.

43

Mark-to-market results were as follows:

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions)

 Unrealized mark-to-market
 results

 Origination gains

 $

 13.5

 $

 61.6

 $

 19.7

 Risk management and
 trading—mark-to-market

 Unrealized changes in
 fair value

 387.4

 347.2

 79.4

 Changes in valuation
 techniques

 —

 —

 —

 Reclassification of
 settled contracts to realized

 (372.1

 )

 (257.7

 )

 (85.4

 )

 Total risk management and
 trading—mark-to-market

 15.3

 89.5

 (6.0

 )

 Total unrealized mark-to-market*

 28.8

 151.1

 13.7

 Realized mark-to-market

 372.1

 257.7

 85.4

 Total mark-to-market results

 $

 400.9

 $

 408.8

 $

 99.1

* Total
unrealized mark-to-market is the sum of origination transactions and total risk
management and trading—mark-to-market.

Origination
gains arise primarily from contracts that our wholesale marketing, risk management,
and trading operation structures to meet the risk management needs of our
customers or relate to our trading activities. Transactions that result in
origination gains may be unique and provide the potential for individually
significant gains from a single transaction.

Origination gains represent the initial fair value recognized on these
structured transactions. The recognition of origination gains is dependent on
the existence of observable market data that validates the initial fair value
of the contract. Origination gains arose primarily from:

¨
  3
transactions completed in 2006, of which no transaction contributed in excess
of $10 million pre-tax,

¨
  6
transactions completed in 2005, one of which contributed approximately
$35 million pre-tax, and

¨
  7
transactions completed in 2004, of which no transaction contributed in excess
of $10 million pre-tax.

As noted above, the recognition of origination gains is dependent on
sufficient observable market data that validates the initial fair value of the
contract. Liquidity and market conditions impact our ability to identify
sufficient, objective market-price information to permit recognition of
origination gains. As a result, while our strategy and competitive position
provide the opportunity to continue to originate such transactions, the level
of origination gains we are able to recognize may vary from year to year as a
result of the number, size, and market-price transparency of the
individual transactions executed in any period.

Risk management and trading—mark-to-market represents both realized and
unrealized gains and losses from changes in the value of our portfolio,
including the recognition of gains associated with decreases in the close-out
adjustment when we are able to obtain sufficient market price information. In
addition, we use derivative contracts subject to mark-to-market accounting to
manage our exposure to changes in market prices primarily as a result of our
gas transportation and storage activities, while in general the underlying
physical transactions related to our gas activities are accounted for on an
accrual basis. We discuss the changes in mark-to-market results below. We show
the relationship between our mark-to-market results and the change in our net
mark-to-market energy asset on the next page.

Total
mark-to-market results decreased $7.9 million in 2006 compared to 2005
because of a decrease in origination gains of $48.1 million, mostly offset by
an increase in unrealized changes in fair value of $40.2 million. Unrealized
changes in fair value increased primarily due to higher pre-tax gains of
approximately $105 million related to the positive impact of certain economic
hedges primarily related to gas transportation and storage contracts that do
not qualify for or are not designated as cash-flow hedges. These mark-to-market results will be offset as we
realize the related accrual load-serving positions in cash.

This increase in unrealized changes in fair value was partially offset
by:

¨
  a
lower level of gains from risk management and trading—mark-to-market activities
of approximately $45 million, and

¨
  the
absence of a $19.5 million favorable impact related to changes in the
close-out adjustment in 2006 compared to 2005. The close-out adjustments are
determined by the change in open positions, new transactions where we did not
have observable market price information, and existing transactions where we
have now observed sufficient market price information and/or we realized cash
flows since the transactions’ inception. We discuss the close-out adjustment in
more detail in the 
Critical Accounting
Policies section.

Total mark-to-market results increased $309.7 million in 2005
compared to 2004 due to:

¨
  approximately
$260 million primarily related to a higher level of risk management and
trading activities. Increases in our gas and coal activities, higher commodity
price volatility, and greater market liquidity resulted in more opportunities
to deploy risk capital and to earn additional returns in 2005 compared to 2004.
These items resulted in an increased number of transactions that were entered
into and realized during 2005 and a higher level of open positions that
resulted in increased gains in 2005 compared to 2004. During 2005, slightly
more than half of the mark-to-market results were derived from
power, approximately one-third from gas, and the remainder from other
transactions.

¨
  $41.9 million
related to a higher level of origination gains as discussed above, and

¨
  $49.9 million
related to the decrease in the close-out adjustment during 2005 compared to the
prior year for transactions that we have now observed sufficient market price
information and/or we realized cash flows since the transactions’ inception.

These increases in mark-to-market results were partially offset by the
impact of $41.5 million of higher mark-to-market losses on certain
economic hedges that did not qualify for cash-flow hedge accounting treatment. Changing forward prices result in
shifting value between accrual contracts and the associated mark-to-market
positions of certain contracts in New England that contain fuel adjustment
clauses and gas transportation contract hedges, producing a timing difference
in the recognition of earnings on these transactions. These 

44

mark-to-market hedges are economically
effective; however, they do not qualify for cash-flow hedge accounting under
SFAS No. 133. As a result, we recorded $41.2 million of pre-tax
losses in 2005 and $0.3 million of pre-tax gains in 2004. These
mark-to-market gains and losses will be offset as we realize the related
accrual load-serving positions in cash.

Mark-to-Market
Energy Assets and Liabilities

Our
mark-to-market energy assets and liabilities are comprised of derivative
contracts. While some of our mark-to-market contracts represent commodities or
instruments for which prices are available from external sources, other
commodities and certain contracts are not actively traded and are valued using
other pricing sources and modeling techniques to determine expected future
market prices, contract quantities, or both. We discuss our modeling techniques
later in this section.

Mark-to-market energy assets and liabilities
consisted of the following:

 At December 31,

 2006

 2005

 (In millions)

 Current Assets

 $

 1,294.8

 $

 1,339.2

 Noncurrent Assets

 623.4

 1,089.3

 Total Assets

 1,918.2

 2,428.5

 Current Liabilities

 1,071.7

 1,348.7

 Noncurrent Liabilities

 392.4

 912.3

 Total Liabilities

 1,464.1

 2,261.0

 Net mark-to-market energy asset

 $

 454.1

 $

 167.5

The following are the primary sources of the
change in net mark-to-market energy asset during 2006 and 2005:

 2006

 2005

 (In millions)

 Fair value beginning of year

 $

 167.5

 $

 52.4

 Changes in fair value recorded
 in earnings

 Origination gains

 $

 13.5

 $

 61.6

 Unrealized changes in
 fair value

 387.4

 347.2

 Changes in valuation
 techniques

 —

 —

 Reclassification of
 settled contracts to realized

 (372.1

 )

 (257.7

 )

 Total changes in fair value
 recorded in earnings

 28.8

 151.1

 Changes in value of exchange-listed
 futures and options

 277.8

 (119.9

 )

 Net change in premiums on
 options

 (29.8

 )

 79.7

 Contracts acquired

 —

 17.4

 Other changes in fair value

 9.8

 (13.2

 )

 Fair value at end of year

 $

 454.1

 $

 167.5

Changes in the net mark-to-market energy asset that affected earnings
were as follows:

¨
  Origination
gains represent the initial unrealized fair value at the time these contracts
are executed to the extent permitted by applicable accounting rules.

¨
  Unrealized
changes in fair value represent unrealized changes in commodity prices, the
volatility of options on commodities, the time value of options, and other
valuation adjustments.

¨
  Changes
in valuation techniques represent improvements in estimation techniques,
including modeling and other statistical enhancements used to value our
portfolio to reflect more accurately the economic value of our contracts.

¨
  Reclassification
of settled contracts to realized represents the portion of previously
unrealized amounts settled during the period and recorded as realized revenues.

The net
mark-to-market energy asset also changed due to the following items recorded in
accounts other than in our Consolidated Statements of Income:

¨
  Changes
in value of exchange-listed futures and options are adjustments to remove
unrealized revenue from exchange-traded contracts that are included in
risk management revenues. The fair value of these contracts is recorded in “Accounts
receivable” rather than “Mark-to-market energy assets” in our Consolidated
Balance Sheets because these amounts are settled through our margin account
with a third-party broker.

¨
  Net
changes in premiums on options reflects the accounting for premiums on options
purchased as an increase in the net mark-to-market energy asset and premiums on
options sold as a decrease in the net mark-to-market energy asset.

¨
  Contracts
acquired represents the initial fair value of acquired derivative contracts
recorded in “Mark-to-market energy assets.”

 45

The settlement terms of our net mark-to-market energy asset and sources
of fair value as of December 31, 2006 are as follows:

 Settlement Term

 2007

 2008

 2009

 2010

 2011

 2012

 Thereafter

 Fair Value

 (In millions)

 Prices provided by external sources (1)

 $

 192.7

 $

 205.5

 $

 6.1

 $

 27.0

 $

 5.4

 $

 8.7

 $

 3.4

 $

 448.8

 Prices based on models

 30.4

 (0.9

 )

 (1.0

 )

 (13.6

 )

 (6.9

 )

 (5.3

 )

 2.6

 5.3

 Total net mark-to-market energy asset

 $

 223.1

 $

 204.6

 $

 5.1

 $

 13.4

 $

 (1.5

 )

 $

 3.4

 $

 6.0

 $

 454.1

(1)    Includes contracts actively quoted and contracts valued from
other external sources.

We manage our mark-to-market
risk on a portfolio basis based upon the delivery period of our contracts and
the individual components of the risks within each contract. Accordingly, we
record and manage the energy purchase and sale obligations under our contracts
in separate components based upon the commodity (e.g., electricity or gas), the
product (e.g., electricity for delivery during peak or off-peak hours), the
delivery location (e.g., by region), the risk profile (e.g., forward or
option), and the delivery period (e.g., by month and year).

Consistent with
our risk management practices, we have presented the information in the table
above based upon the ability to obtain reliable prices for components of the
risks in our contracts from external sources rather than on a
contract-by-contract basis. Thus, the portion of long-term contracts that is valued
using external price sources is presented under the caption “prices provided by
external sources.” This is consistent with how we manage our risk, and we
believe it provides the best indication of the basis for the valuation of our
portfolio. Since we manage our risk on a portfolio basis rather than
contract-by-contract, it is not practicable to determine separately the portion
of long-term contracts that is included in each valuation category. We describe
the commodities, products, and delivery periods included in each valuation
category in detail below.

The amounts for which fair value is determined using prices provided by
external sources represent the portion of forward, swap, and option contracts
for which price quotations are available through brokers or over-the-counter
transactions. The term for which such price information is available varies by
commodity, region, and product. The fair values included in this category are
the following portions of our contracts:

¨
  forward purchases and sales of electricity during
peak and off-peak hours for delivery terms primarily through 2010, but up to
2012, depending upon the region,

¨
  options for the purchase and sale of electricity
during peak hours for delivery terms through 2008, depending upon the region,

¨
  forward purchases and sales of electric capacity for
delivery terms primarily through 2007, but up to 2008, depending on the region,

¨
  forward purchases and sales of natural gas, coal, and
oil for delivery terms through 2011, and

¨
  options for the purchase and sale of natural gas,
coal, and oil for delivery terms through 2008.

The remainder
of the net mark-to-market energy asset is valued using models. The portion of
contracts for which such techniques are used includes standard products for
which external prices are not available and customized products that are valued
using modeling techniques to determine expected future market prices, contract
quantities, or both.

Modeling techniques include estimating the present value of cash flows
based upon underlying contractual terms and incorporate, where appropriate,
option pricing models and statistical and simulation procedures. Inputs to the
models include:

¨
  observable market prices,

¨
  estimated market prices in the absence of quoted
market prices,

¨
  the risk-free market discount rate,

¨
  volatility factors,

¨
  estimated correlation of energy commodity prices, and

¨
  expected generation profiles of specific regions.

Additionally,
we incorporate counterparty-specific credit quality and factors for
market price and volatility uncertainty and other risks in our valuation. The
inputs and factors used to determine fair value reflect management’s best
estimates.

The
electricity, fuel, and other energy contracts we hold have varying terms to
maturity, ranging from contracts for delivery the next hour to contracts with
terms of ten years or more. Because an active, liquid electricity futures
market comparable to that for other commodities has not developed, the majority
of contracts used in the wholesale marketing, risk management, and trading
operation are direct contracts between market participants and are not exchange-traded
or financially settling contracts that can be readily liquidated in their
entirety through an exchange or other market mechanism. Consequently, we and
other market participants generally realize the value of these contracts as
cash flows become due or payable under the terms of the contracts rather than
through selling or liquidating the contracts themselves.

Consistent with
our risk management practices, the amounts shown in the table above as being
valued using prices from external sources include the portion of long-term
contracts for which we can obtain reliable prices from external sources. The
remaining portions of these long-term contracts are shown in the table as being
valued using models. In order to realize the entire value of a long-term
contract in a single transaction, we would need to sell or assign the entire
contract. If we were to sell or assign any of our long-term contracts in their
entirety, we may realize an amount different from the value reflected in the
table. However, based upon the nature of the wholesale marketing, risk
management, and trading operation, we generally expect to realize the value of
these contracts, as well as any contracts we may enter into in the future to
manage our risk, over time as the contracts and related hedges settle in
accordance with their terms. In general, we do not expect to realize the value
of these contracts and related hedges by selling or assigning the contracts
themselves in total.

46

The fair values
in the table represent expected future cash flows based on the level of forward
prices and volatility factors as of December 31, 2006 and could change
significantly as a result of future changes in these factors. Additionally,
because the depth and liquidity of the power markets vary substantially between
regions and time periods, the prices used to determine fair value could be
affected significantly by the volume of transactions executed.

Management uses its best estimates to determine the fair value of
commodity and derivative contracts it holds and sells. These estimates consider
various factors including closing exchange and over-the-counter price
quotations, time value, volatility factors, and credit exposure. However,
future market prices and actual quantities will vary from those used in
recording mark-to-market energy assets and liabilities, and it is possible that
such variations could be material.

Risk Management
Assets and Liabilities

We record derivatives that qualify for
designation as hedges under SFAS No. 133 in “Risk management assets and
liabilities” in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Our risk management assets and
liabilities consisted of the following:

 At December 31,

 2006

 2005

 (In millions)

 Current Assets

 $

 261.7

 $

 1,244.3

 Noncurrent Assets

 325.7

 626.0

 Total Assets

 587.4

 1,870.3

 Current Liabilities

 1,340.0

 483.5

 Noncurrent Liabilities

 707.3

 1,035.5

 Total Liabilities

 2,047.3

 1,519.0

 Net risk management (liability) asset

 $

 (1,459.9

 )

 $

 351.3

The decrease in our net risk management asset of $1.8 billion since December 31,
2005 was due primarily to decreases in power prices that reduced the fair value
of our cash-flow hedge positions and the settlement of cash-flow hedges during
2006. A decrease in the fair value of our cash-flow hedges indicates an
increase in value of the accrual positions to which these hedges are related.

Other

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions)

 Revenues

 $

 74.8

 $

 58.0

 $

 73.6

Our merchant
energy business holds up to a 50% voting interest in 24 operating domestic
energy projects that consist of electric generation, fuel processing, or fuel
handling facilities. Of these 24 projects, 17 are “qualifying facilities” that
receive certain exemptions based on the facilities’ energy source or the use of
a cogeneration process. Earnings from our investments were $13.8 million in
2006, $3.6 million in 2005, and $18.0 million in 2004.

Our investment in qualifying facilities and domestic power projects
consisted of the following:

 Book Value at December 31,

 2006

 2005

 (In millions)

 Project Type

 Coal

 $

 125.7

 $

 127.8

 Hydroelectric

 55.1

 55.9

 Geothermal

 40.5

 43.7

 Biomass

 46.6

 48.0

 Fuel
 Processing

 33.7

 23.8

 Solar

 7.0

 7.0

 Total

 $

 308.6

 $

 306.2

We believe the
current market conditions for our equity-method investments that own
geothermal, coal, hydroelectric, and fuel processing projects provide
sufficient positive cash flows to recover our investments. We continuously
monitor issues that potentially could impact future profitability of these
investments, including environmental and legislative initiatives. We discuss
certain risks and uncertainties in more detail in our Forward Looking Statements and 
Item 1A. Risk Factors sections. However,
should future events cause these investments to become uneconomic, our
investments in these projects could become impaired under the provisions of APB
No. 18.

The ability to
recover our equity- and cost-method investments that own biomass and
solar projects is partially dependent upon subsidies from the State of
California. Under the California Public Utility Act, subsidies currently exist
in that the California Public Utilities Commission (CPUC) requires load-serving
entities to identify a separate rate component to be collected from customers
to fund the development of renewable resources technologies, including solar,
biomass, and wind facilities. In addition, legislation in California requires
that each load-serving entity increase its total procurement of eligible
renewable energy resources by at least one percent per year so that 20% of its
retail sales are procured from eligible renewable energy resources by 2017. The
legislation also requires the California Energy Commission to award
supplemental energy payments to load-serving entities to cover above-market
costs of renewable energy.

Given the need for electric power and the desire for renewable resource
technologies, we believe California will continue to subsidize the use of
renewable energy to make these projects economical to operate. However, should
the California legislation fail to adequately support the renewable energy
initiatives, our equity-method investments in these types of projects
could become impaired under the provisions of APB No. 18, and any losses
recognized could be material.

Operating
Expenses

Our merchant energy business operating expenses increased
$203.3 million in 2006 compared to 2005 mostly due to the following:

¨
  an increase of $139.2 million at our competitive
supply operations primarily related to higher labor and benefit costs and the
impact of inflation on other costs,

47

¨
  an increase of $22.7 million at our upstream gas
operations, primarily due to acquisitions made in June 2005, and

¨
  an increase of approximately $18 million at our
generating facilities, which includes higher expenses associated with longer
planned outages, offset in part by lower expenses that resulted from our
productivity initiatives.

Our merchant energy business operating expenses increased
$196.2 million in 2005 compared to 2004 mostly due to the following:

¨
  an increase of $101.8 million at our wholesale
marketing, risk management, and trading operation due to an increase in
compensation and benefit costs including our expanding gas and coal operations,

¨
  an increase of $81.5 million from Ginna, which
was acquired in June 2004,

¨
  an increase of $26.5 million at our retail
operation primarily related to a $10.8 million increase in uncollectible
expenses and a $8.7 million increase in aggregator fees,

¨
  an increase of $17.3 million at our gas-fired
generating facilities primarily due to increased corporate overhead expenses,
and

¨
  an increase of $13.0 million at Calvert Cliffs
primarily due to an increase in corporate overhead expenses, partially offset
by fewer employees and a shorter refueling outage in 2005.

These increases in expense were partially offset by lower operating
expenses of $56.5 million at Nine Mile Point primarily due to lower
refueling outage expenses and a lower number of employees and contractors.

Workforce
Reduction Costs

Our merchant energy business recognized expenses associated with our
workforce reduction efforts as discussed in more detail in Note 2.

Merger-Related
Costs

We discuss costs related to the merger with FPL Group, which has been
terminated, in Note 15.

Depreciation,
Depletion, and Amortization Expense

Merchant energy depreciation, depletion, and amortization expenses
increased $28.5 million in 2005 compared to 2004 mostly due to:

¨
  $10.2 million related to our South Carolina
synthetic fuel facility,

¨
  $8.8 million related to Ginna, which was
acquired in June 2004, and

¨
  $6.0 million increase
related to our 2005 investments in gas producing facilities.

Accretion of
Asset Retirement Obligations

The increase in
accretion expense of $8.9 million in 2005 compared to 2004 is primarily
due to Ginna which was acquired in June 2004 and the impact of normal
compounding.

Taxes Other
Than Income Taxes

Merchant energy
taxes other than income taxes increased $13.3 million in 2006 compared to
2005 mostly due to $5.3 million related to higher gross receipts taxes at
our retail competitive supply operation and $3.1 million related to our
working interests in gas producing properties.

Merchant energy taxes other than income taxes increased
$23.4 million in 2005 compared to 2004 mostly due to $19.6 million
related to higher gross receipts taxes at our retail electric operation and
$4.0 million related to property taxes for Ginna.

Regulated Electric
Business

Our regulated electric business is discussed in detail in Item 1. Business—Electric Business
section.

Results

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions)

 Revenues

 $

 2,115.9

 $

 2,036.5

 $

 1,967.7

 Electricity purchased for resale expenses

 (1,167.8

 )

 (1,068.9

 )

 (1,034.0

 )

 Operations and maintenance expenses

 (351.3

 )

 (318.4

 )

 (304.2

 )

 Merger-related costs

 (3.3

 )

 (4.0

 )

 —

 Depreciation and amortization

 (181.5

 )

 (185.8

 )

 (194.2

 )

 Taxes other than income taxes

 (134.9

 )

 (135.3

 )

 (132.8

 )

 Income from Operations

 $

 277.1

 $

 324.1

 $

 302.5

 Net Income

 $

 120.2

 $

 149.4

 $

 131.1

 Other Items Included in Operations (after-tax)

 Merger-related costs

 $

 (0.8

 )

 $

 (3.7

 )

 $

 —

Above
amounts include intercompany transactions eliminated in our 

Consolidated Financial Statements.
Note 3 provides a reconciliation of operating results by segment to our
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Net income from the regulated electric business decreased
$29.2 million in 2006 compared to 2005 mostly because of the following:

¨
  increased operations and
maintenance expenses of $19.9 million after-tax mostly due to higher labor and
benefit costs and incremental costs associated with 2006 storms, and

¨
  decreased revenues less
electricity purchased for resale expenses of $11.8 million after-tax.

Net income from the regulated electric business increased
$18.3 million in 2005 compared to 2004 mostly because of the following:

¨
  increased revenues less
electricity purchased for resale expenses of $20.7 million after-tax,

¨
  decreased depreciation and
amortization expense of $5.1 million after-tax, and

¨
  increased other income primarily
due to gains on the sales of land of $3.6 million after-tax.

48

These favorable results were
partially offset by the following:

¨
  increased operations and maintenance expenses of
$8.7 million after-tax mostly due to higher labor and benefit costs and
the impact of inflation on other costs, and

¨
  merger-related transaction
costs of $3.7 million after-tax.

Electric
Revenues

The changes in electric revenues in 2006 and 2005 compared to the
respective prior year were caused by:

 2006

 2005

 (In millions)

 Distribution volumes

 $

 (40.9

 )

 $

 21.3

 Standard offer service

 433.7

 38.8

 Rate stabilization credits

 (321.9

 )

 —

 Total change in electric revenues from electric system sales

 70.9

 60.1

 Other

 8.5

 8.7

 Total change in electric revenues

 $

 79.4

 $

 68.8

Distribution Volumes

Distribution volumes are the
amount of electricity that BGE delivers to customers in its service territory.

The percentage changes in our electric system distribution volumes, by
type of customer, in 2006 and 2005 compared to the respective prior year were:

 2006

 2005

 Residential

 (6.4

 )%

 3.4

 %

 Commercial

 (0.6

 )

 5.1

 Industrial

 (7.5

 )

 (6.4

 )

In 2006, we distributed less
electricity to residential customers mostly due to milder weather and decreased
usage per customer, partially offset by an increased number of customers. We
distributed less electricity to commercial customers mostly due to milder
weather, partially offset by an increased number of customers and increased
usage per customer. We distributed less electricity to industrial customers
mostly due to decreased usage per customer.

In 2005, we distributed more electricity to residential customers
compared to 2004 mostly due to warmer summer weather and an increased number of
customers. We distributed more electricity to commercial customers mostly due
to increased usage per customer, an increased number of customers, and warmer summer
weather. We distributed less electricity to industrial customers mostly due to
decreased usage per customer.

Standard
Offer Service

BGE provides
standard offer service for customers that do not select an alternative
supplier. We discuss the provisions of Maryland’s Senate Bill 1 related to
residential electric rates in the Item 1.
Business—Electric Regulatory Matters and Competition section.

Standard offer
service revenues were higher in 2006 compared to 2005 mostly due to an increase
to market prices in the standard offer service rates due to the expiration of
the residential rate freeze in July 2006, partially offset by lower
standard offer service volumes.

Standard offer service revenues increased in 2005 compared to 2004
mostly because of increased standard offer service volumes to residential
customers and increased standard offer service rates for all customers
partially offset by lower standard offer service volumes associated with those
commercial and industrial customers that elected alternative suppliers
beginning July 1, 2004.

Rate Stabilization Credits

As a result of Senate Bill 1, we are required to defer a portion of the
full market rate increase during the eleven month period from July 1, 2006
until May 31, 2007 for recovery in the future. Therefore, the increase in
standard offer service revenues is partially offset by rate stabilization
credits in order to reduce rates for residential customers from market price to
the approved increase of 15% in Senate Bill 1.

Electricity
Purchased for Resale Expenses

Electricity purchased for resale expenses
include the cost of electricity purchased for resale to our standard offer
service customers. These costs do not include the cost of electricity purchased
by delivery service only customers. The following table summarizes our
regulated electricity purchased for resale expenses:

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions

)

 Actual costs

 $

 1,489.7

 $

 1,068.9

 $

 1,034.0

 Deferral under rate stabilization plan

 (321.9

 )

 —

 —

 Electricity purchased for resale expenses

 $

 1,167.8

 $

 1,068.9

 $

 1,034.0

Actual Costs

BGE’s 
actual costs
for electricity purchased for resale increased $420.8 million in 2006 compared
to 2005 due to higher  contract
prices to purchase electricity resulting from the expiration of contracts that
were executed in 2000 as part of the implementation of electric deregulation in
Maryland, partially offset by lower standard offer service volumes. 

BGE’s actual costs for electricity purchased for resale increased
$34.9 million in 2005 compared to 2004 mostly because of increased
standard offer service volumes to residential customers and higher costs to
serve all standard offer service customers, partially offset by lower
electricity purchased for resale expenses associated with commercial and
industrial customers that elected alternative suppliers beginning July 1,
2004.

Deferral under Rate
Stabilization Plan

We defer the difference between our actual costs of electricity
purchased for resale and what we are allowed to bill customers under Senate
Bill 1. In 2006, we deferred $321.9 million in electricity purchased for resale
expenses. These deferred expenses, plus carrying charges, are included in “Regulatory
Assets (net)” in our, and BGE’s, Consolidated Balance Sheets. We discuss the
provisions of Senate Bill 1 related to residential 

49

electric rates in the Item 1. Business—Electric Regulatory Matters and Competition
 section.

Electric
Operations and Maintenance Expenses

Regulated
electric operations and maintenance expenses increased $32.9 million in
2006 compared to 2005 mostly due to higher labor and benefit costs and the
impact of inflation on other costs and $13.1 million of incremental
distribution service restoration expenses associated with 2006 storms.

Regulated electric operations and maintenance expenses increased
$14.2 million in 2005 compared to 2004 mostly due to higher labor and
benefit costs and the impact of inflation on other costs.

Merger-Related
Transaction Costs

We discuss costs related to the merger with FPL Group, which has been
terminated, in Note 15.

Electric
Depreciation and Amortization Expense

Regulated electric
depreciation and amortization expense decreased $4.3 million in 2006 compared
to 2005 mostly because of the absence of $6.9 million amortization expense
associated with certain software, partially offset by $3.0 million related to
additional property placed in service.

Regulated electric depreciation and amortization expense decreased
$8.4 million in 2005 compared to 2004 mostly because of the absence of
$12.6 million of accelerated amortization expense associated with certain
information technology assets replaced in 2004, partially offset by
$4.2 million related to additional property placed in service.

Regulated Gas Business

Our regulated gas business is discussed in detail in Item 1. Business—Gas Business section.

Results

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions)

 Revenues

 $

 899.5

 $

 972.8

 $

 757.0

 Gas purchased for resale expenses

 (581.5

 )

 (687.5

 )

 (484.3

 )

 Operations and maintenance expenses

 (144.8

 )

 (131.8

 )

 (123.6

 )

 Merger-related costs

 (1.4

 )

 (1.4

 )

 —

 Depreciation and amortization

 (46.0

 )

 (46.6

 )

 (48.1

 )

 Taxes other than income taxes

 (33.8

 )

 (33.1

 )

 (32.1

 )

 Income from Operations

 $

 92.0

 $

 72.4

 $

 68.9

 Net Income

 $

 37.0

 $

 26.7

 $

 22.2

 Other Items Included in Operations (after-tax)

 Merger-related costs

 $

 (0.4

 )

 $

 (1.3

 )

 $

 —

Above amounts include intercompany
transactions eliminated in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Note 3
provides a reconciliation of operating results by segment to our Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Net income from the regulated
gas business increased $10.3 million in 2006 compared to 2005 mostly due
to increased revenues less gas purchased for resale expenses of
$19.8 million after-tax, which was primarily due to the increase in gas
base rates that was approved by the Maryland PSC in December 2005. This
increase was partially offset by higher operations and maintenance expenses of
$7.9 million after-tax.

Net income from our regulated gas business was about the same in 2005
compared to 2004.

Gas Revenues

The changes in
gas revenues in 2006 and 2005 compared to the respective prior year were caused
by:

 2006

 2005

 (In millions)

 Distribution volumes

 $

 (38.0

 )

 $

 3.9

 Base rates

 33.4

 2.6

 Revenue decoupling

 28.4

 2.5

 Gas cost adjustments

 (112.3

 )

 129.1

 Total change in gas revenues from gas system sales

 (88.5

 )

 138.1

 Off-system sales

 13.9

 77.5

 Other

 1.3

 0.2

 Total change in gas revenues

 $

 (73.3

 )

 $

 215.8

Distribution
Volumes 

The percentage changes in our distribution
volumes, by type of customer, in 2006 and 2005 compared to the respective prior
year were:

 2006

 2005

 Residential

 (17.0

 )%

 (1.3

 )%

 Commercial

 (13.3

 )

 (9.0

 )

 Industrial

 3.2

 33.6

In 2006, we
distributed less gas to residential and commercial customers compared to 2005
mostly due to milder weather and decreased usage per customer, partially offset
by an increased number of customers. We distributed more gas to industrial
customers mostly due to increased usage per customer.

In 2005, we distributed less gas to residential and commercial
customers compared to 2004 mostly due to decreased usage per customer partially
offset by colder winter weather and an increased number of customers. We distributed
more gas to industrial customers mostly due to increased usage per customer.

Base Rates

In December 2005, the Maryland PSC issued an order granting BGE a
$35.6 million annual increase in its gas base rates. In December 2006, the
Baltimore City Circuit Court upheld the rate order. However, certain parties
have filed an appeal with the Court of Special Appeals. We cannot provide
assurance that the Maryland PSC’s order will not be reversed in whole or in
part or that certain issues will not be remanded to the Maryland PSC for
reconsideration.

50

Revenue
Decoupling

The Maryland PSC allows us to record a monthly adjustment to our gas
distribution revenues to eliminate the effect of abnormal weather patterns on
our gas distribution volumes. This means our monthly gas distribution revenues
are based on weather that is considered “normal” for the month and, therefore,
are not affected by actual weather conditions.

Gas Cost
Adjustments

We charge our
gas customers for the natural gas they purchase from us using gas cost
adjustment clauses set by the Maryland PSC as described in Note 1. However, under the market-based
rates mechanism approved by the Maryland PSC, our actual cost of gas is
compared to a market index (a measure of the market price of gas in a given
period). The difference between our actual cost and the market index is shared
equally between shareholders and customers.

Customers who
do not purchase gas from BGE are not subject to the gas cost adjustment clauses
because we are not selling gas to them. However, these customers are charged
base rates to recover the costs BGE incurs to deliver their gas through our
distribution system, and are included in the gas distribution volume revenues.

Gas cost
adjustment revenues decreased in 2006 compared to 2005 because we sold less gas
at lower prices.

Gas cost adjustment revenues increased in 2005 compared to 2004 because
we sold more gas at higher prices.

Off-System
Sales

Off-system gas
sales are low-margin direct sales of gas to wholesale suppliers of natural gas.
Off-system gas sales, which occur after BGE has satisfied its customers’
demand, are not subject to gas cost adjustments. The Maryland PSC approved an
arrangement for part of the margin from off-system sales to benefit customers
(through reduced costs) and the remainder to be retained by BGE (which benefits
shareholders). Changes in off-system sales do not significantly impact
earnings.

Revenues from
off-system gas sales increased in 2006 compared to 2005 because we sold more
gas, partially offset by lower prices.

Revenues from off-system gas sales increased in 2005 compared to 2004
because we sold more gas at higher prices.

Gas Purchased
For Resale Expenses

Gas purchased for resale expenses include the cost of gas purchased for
resale to our customers and for off-system sales. These costs do not include
the cost of gas purchased by delivery service only customers.

Gas purchased
for resale expenses decreased $106.0 million in 2006 compared to 2005
because we purchased less gas at lower prices.

Gas purchased for resale expenses increased in 2005 compared to 2004
because we purchased more gas at higher prices.

Gas Operations
and Maintenance Expenses

Regulated
gas operations and maintenance expenses increased $13.0 million in 2006
compared to 2005 mostly due to higher labor and benefit costs and the impact of
inflation on other costs.

Regulated gas operations and maintenance expenses increased
$8.2 million in 2005 compared to 2004 mostly due to higher compensation
and benefit costs and the impact of inflation on other costs.

Merger-Related
Transaction Costs

We discuss costs related to the merger with FPL Group, which has been
terminated, in Note 15
.

Other Nonregulated Businesses

Results

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions)

 Revenues

 $

 231.0

 $

 207.0

 $

 201.1

 Operating expenses

 (173.1

 )

 (156.2

 )

 (180.0

 )

 Merger-related costs

 (0.5

 )

 (0.4

 )

 —

 Depreciation and amortization

 (37.7

 )

 (40.2

 )

 (24.2

 )

 Taxes other than income taxes

 (2.0

 )

 (2.0

 )

 (2.4

 )

 Income (Loss) from Operations

 $

 17.7

 $

 8.2

 $

 (5.5

 )

 Income (Loss) from continuing operations and before cumulative
 effects of changes in accounting principles (after-tax)

 $

 11.3

 $

 0.4

 $

 (12.9

 )

 Income from
 discontinued operations (after-tax)

 0.9

 20.6

 9.4

 Cumulative
 effects of changes in accounting
 principles (after-tax)

 —

 0.2

 —

 Net Income (Loss)

 $

 12.2

 $

 21.2

 $

 (3.5

 )

 Other Items Included In
 Operations (after-tax)

 Merger-related costs

 $

 (0.2

 )

 $

 (0.2

 )

 $

 —

Certain prior-year amounts have been reclassified to conform with
the current year’s presentation. Above amounts include intercompany
transactions eliminated in our Consolidated Financial Statements. Note 3
provides a reconciliation of operating results by segment to our Consolidated
Financial Statements.

Net income from our other nonregulated businesses decreased $9.0 million
in 2006 compared to 2005 primarily due to a $19.7 million decrease in income
from discontinued operations, partially offset by a $10.7 million increase in
net income from our remaining other nonregulated businesses, including an
increase in net income from our continued liquidation of our real estate
investments.

Net income from our other nonregulated businesses increased
$24.7 million in 2005 compared to 2004 primarily due to:

¨
  a
$16.1 million after-tax gain on sale of Constellation Power International
Investments, Ltd., which held our other nonregulated international
investments, in October 2005, and

¨
  a
$13.2 million after-tax increase in net income from the continued
liquidation of our financial investments.

51

These increases were partially
offset by $4.9 million lower net income from our other nonregulated
international investments due to their sale in October 2005. We discuss
the sale of our other nonregulated international investments in more detail in Note 2.

In 2001, we decided to sell certain non-core assets and accelerate the
exit strategies on other assets that we continued to hold and own. While our
intent is to dispose of these remaining non-core assets, market conditions and
other events beyond our control may affect the actual sale of these assets. In
addition, a future decline in the fair value of these assets could result in
losses that could have a material impact on our financial results.

Consolidated Nonoperating Income and Expenses

Gain on Initial
Public Offering of CEP LLC

In November 2006, CEP, a limited liability company formed by
Constellation Energy, completed an initial public offering of 5.2 million
common units at $21 per unit. As a result of the initial public offering of
CEP, we recognized a pre-tax gain of $28.7 million, or $17.9 million after
recording deferred taxes on the gain. We discuss the initial public offering of
CEP in more detail in Note 2.

Other Income

Other income
increased $40.0 million in 2005 compared to 2004 primarily because of
higher interest and investment income due to a higher cash balance and higher
decommissioning trust asset earnings and gains on the sales of land at BGE.

Total other income at BGE increased $12.3 million in 2005 compared
to 2004 primarily due to approximately $7 million of gains on the sales of
land.

Fixed Charges

Total fixed
charges increased $18.5 million mostly because of a higher level of debt
outstanding, including commercial paper borrowings, and higher interest rates
in 2006 compared to 2005.

Total fixed
charges decreased $16.6 million in 2005 compared to 2004 mostly because of
the benefit of lower interest rates due to interest rate swaps entered into
during the third quarter of 2004 and a lower level of debt outstanding. We
discuss the interest rate swaps in more detail in Note 13.

Total fixed charges for BGE increased $9.1 million in 2006
compared to 2005 mostly because of a higher level of debt outstanding. Total
fixed charges for BGE decreased $2.7 million in 2005 compared to 2004
mostly because of a lower level of debt outstanding.

Income Taxes

The differences
in income taxes result from a combination of the changes in income and the
impact of the recognition of tax credits on the effective tax rate. We include
an analysis of the changes in the effective tax rate in Note 10.

Total income
taxes increased $187.1 million in 2006 compared to 2005 primarily due to a
higher level of pre-tax income, including the gain on sale of gas-fired plants
and the gain on initial public offering of CEP, as well as a decrease in
synthetic fuel tax credits. We discuss all of these events in the Significant Events section.

Total income
taxes increased $45.5 million in 2005 compared to 2004 primarily due to the
recognition of $35.9 million in synthetic fuel tax credits in 2004 related to
2003 production.

Total income
taxes for BGE decreased $17.7 million in 2006 compared to 2005 mostly due to
lower pre-tax income.

Total income taxes for BGE increased $17.4 million in 2005 compared to
2004 mostly due to higher pre-tax income.

Defined Benefit
Obligations

We expect to
contribute $125 million to our pension plans in 2007.

At December 31, 2006, we
recorded a net after-tax charge to “Accumulated other comprehensive income” of
$93.9 million. This net after-tax charge was a result of the following:

¨
  reducing
our additional minimum pension liability, which resulted in an increase to “Accumulated
other comprehensive income” of $75.6 million, and

¨

the
adoption of SFAS No. 158, 
Employers’ Accounting for
Defined Benefit Pension and Other Postretirement Plans, an amendment of FASB
Statements No. 87, 106 and 132(R), which resulted in a decrease
to 
“Accumulated other comprehensive income” of $169.5 million
.

SFAS No. 158, discussed in Note 1, creates the potential for additional volatility in
accumulated other comprehensive income. We discuss our defined benefit
obligations in more detail in 
Note 7.

52

Financial Condition

Cash Flows

The following table summarizes our 2006 cash flows by business segment,
as well as our consolidated cash flows for 2006, 2005, and 2004.

 2006 Segment
 Cash Flows

 Consolidated
 Cash Flows

 Merchant

 Regulated

 Other

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions)

 Operating
 Activities

 Net income

 $

 767.0

 $

 157.2

 $

 12.2

 $

 936.4

 $

 623.1

 $

 539.7

 Non-cash adjustments to net income

 160.3

 13.9

 21.2

 195.4

 746.0

 905.3

 Changes in working capital

 (858.0

 )

 108.4

 77.7

 (671.9

 )

 (775.3

 )

 (319.6

 )

 Defined benefit obligations*

 40.5

 3.4

 (13.6

 )

 Other

 (0.8

 )

 (30.1

 )

 55.8

 24.9

 30.0

 (25.0

 )

 Net cash
 provided by operating activities

 68.5

 249.4

 166.9

 525.3

 627.2

 1,086.8

 Investing
 Activities

 Investments in property, plant and
 equipment

 (613.4

 )

 (332.5

 )

 (17.0

 )

 (962.9

 )

 (760.0

 )

 (703.6

 )

 Asset acquisitions and business
 combinations, net of cash acquired

 (137.6

 )

 —

 —

 (137.6

 )

 (237.2

 )

 (457.3

 )

 Investment in nuclear decommissioning trust
 fund securities

 (394.6

 )

 —

 —

 (394.6

 )

 (370.8

 )

 (424.2

 )

 Proceeds from nuclear decommissioning trust
 fund securities

 385.8

 —

 —

 385.8

 353.2

 402.2

 Net proceeds from sale of gas-fired plants and
 discontinued operations

 1,630.7

 —

 —

 1,630.7

 289.4

 72.7

 Issuances of loans receivable

 (65.4

 )

 —

 —

 (65.4

 )

 (82.8

 )

 —

 Sale of investments and other assets

 23.4

 —

 20.5

 43.9

 14.4

 36.1

 Contract and portfolio acquisitions

 (2.3

 )

 —

 —

 (2.3

 )

 (336.2

 )

 —

 Other investments

 57.0

 10.3

 (4.8

 )

 62.5

 (44.0

 )

 (78.6

 )

 Net cash
 provided by (used in) investing activities

 883.6

 (322.2

 )

 (1.3

 )

 560.1

 (1,174.0

 )

 (1,152.7

 )

 Cash
 flows from operating activities less cash flows from investing activities

 $

 952.1

 $

 (72.8

 )

 $

 165.6

 1,085.4

 (546.8

 )

 (65.9

 )

 Financing
 Activities*

 Net issuance (repayment) of debt

 242.2

 (339.6

 )

 (152.8

 )

 Proceeds from issuance of common stock

 84.4

 96.9

 293.9

 Common stock dividends paid

 (264.0

 )

 (228.8

 )

 (189.7

 )

 Proceeds from initial public offering of
 CEP LLC

 101.3

 —

 —

 Proceeds from contract and portfolio
 acquisitions

 221.3

 1,026.9

 117.5

 Other

 5.5

 98.1

 (18.0

 )

 Net cash
 provided by financing activities

 390.7

 653.5

 50.9

 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash
 equivalents

 $

 1,476.1

 $

 106.7

 $

 (15.0

 )

* Items are not allocated to the business
segments because they are managed for the company as a whole.

Cash Flows from
Operating Activities

Cash provided
by operating activities was $525.3 million in 2006 compared to
$627.2 million in 2005. This $101.9 million decrease was primarily
due to a decrease in non-cash adjustments to net income in 2006, partially
offset by favorable changes in net income and working capital.

Non-cash
adjustments to net income decreased by $550.6 million in 2006 compared to
2005 primarily due to the change in deferred fuel costs of $336.6 million
related mostly to the deferred recovery of electricity purchased for resale
under the BGE rate stabilization plan. We discuss the rate stabilization plan
in more detail in the Item 1.—Business—Electric
Regulatory Matters and Competition section and 
Note 1.
In addition, our gains on the sale of gas-fired plants and discontinued
operations increased $177.6 million in 2006 compared to 2005. We discuss this
in more detail in 
Note 2.

Changes in
working capital had a negative impact of $671.9 million on cash flow from
operations in 2006 compared to a negative impact of $775.3 million in
2005. The negative impact of $671.9 million related to working capital was
primarily due to the commodity price environment and increased risk management
and trading activities that resulted in an increase of approximately
$630 million in net cash collateral requirements, primarily for
requirements on exchange-settled transactions. This increase in cash
collateral requirements was accompanied by a decrease in our letters of credit
requirements.

Cash provided
by operating activities was $627.2 million in 2005 compared to
$1,086.8 million in 2004. Net income was higher by $83.4 million in
2005 compared to 2004. Non-cash adjustments to net income were
$159.3 million lower in 2005 compared to 2004. The decrease in non-cash
adjustments 

53

to net income was primarily due to the reclassification of
$72.6 million of proceeds from derivative power sales contracts as
financing activities under SFAS No. 149, Amendment
of FASB Statement No. 133 on Derivative and Hedging Activities
and $63.9 million related to the impact of discontinued operations.

Changes in working capital had a negative impact of $775.3 million
on cash flow from operations in 2005 compared to a negative impact of
$319.6 million in 2004. The decrease of $455.7 million was due to a
$598 million unfavorable change in working capital primarily related to
our accounts receivable, accounts payable, and fuel stocks mostly due to higher
commodity prices, increased value of emissions credits, and business growth. This
was partially offset by an increase of $142 million of net cash collateral
received, which was also due to higher commodity prices.

Cash Flows from
Investing Activities

Cash provided
by investing activities was $560.1 million in 2006 compared to cash used
in investing activities $1,174.0 million in 2005. The $1,734.1 million
favorable change in 2006 compared to 2005 was primarily due to the increase in
proceeds from sale of gas-fired plants and discontinued operations of $1,341.3
million and a decrease of $333.9 million in cash paid for contract and
portfolio acquisitions. We discuss contract and portfolio acquisitions in more
detail below.

Cash used in investing activities was $1,174.0 million in 2005
compared to $1,152.7 million in 2004. The slight increase in cash used in
investing activities was mostly due to $336.2 million of cash paid for
contract and portfolio acquisitions and $82.8 million in issuances of
loans receivable related primarily to a customer contract restructuring. We
discuss contract and portfolio acquisitions in more detail below, and the
customer contract restructuring is discussed in more detail in Note 4. These increases in cash used
in 2005 compared to 2004 were partially offset by less cash paid for asset
acquisitions and business combinations of $220.1 million in 2005 compared
to 2004 and an increase in cash proceeds from the sale of discontinued
operations of $216.7 million, primarily due to the sale of Oleander and
our other nonregulated international investments in 2005 as discussed in more
detail in 
Note 2.

Cash Flows from
Financing Activities

Cash provided
by financing activities was $390.7 million in 2006 compared to
$653.5 million in 2005. The decrease of $262.8 million in cash
provided in 2006 compared to 2005 was primarily due to a decrease in proceeds
from acquired contracts of $805.6 million, a decrease in other financing
activities of $92.6 million, and a $35.2 million increase in our dividends paid
in 2006 compared to 2005. We discuss the proceeds from acquired contracts
below. These decreases were partially offset by a net increase in cash related
to changes in short-term borrowings and long-term debt of $581.8 million and
$101.3 million in proceeds from the initial public offering of CEP.

Cash provided by financing activities was $653.5 million in 2005
compared to $50.9 million in 2004. The increase in 2005 compared to 2004
was mostly due to an increase in proceeds from contract and portfolio
acquisitions of $909.4 million. We discuss proceeds from contract and
portfolio acquisitions in more detail below. This increase in cash provided by
financing activities was partially offset by a reduction in proceeds from
issuances of common stock, an increase in cash used for repayments of debt, and
higher dividend payments in 2005 compared to 2004.

Contract and
Portfolio Acquisitions

During 2006, 2005, and 2004, our merchant energy business acquired
several pre-existing energy purchase and sale agreements, which generated
significant cash flows at the inception of the contracts. These agreements had
contract prices that differed from market prices at closing, which resulted in
cash payments from the counterparty at the acquisition of the contract. We
received net cash of $219.0 million in 2006, $690.7 million in 2005,
and $117.5 million in 2004 for various contract and portfolio acquisitions. We
reflect the underlying contracts on a gross basis as assets or liabilities in
our Consolidated Balance Sheets depending on whether they were at above-
or below-market prices at closing; therefore, we have also reflected them
on a gross basis in cash flows from investing and financing activities in our
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as follows:

 Year ended December 31,

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions)

 Financing activities—proceeds from contract and portfolio
 acquisitions

 $

 221.3

 $

 1,026.9

 $

 117.5

 Investing activities—contract and portfolio acquisitions

 (2.3

 )

 (336.2

 )

 —

 Cash flows from contract and portfolio acquisitions

 $

 219.0

 $

 690.7

 $

 117.5

We record the
proceeds we receive to acquire energy purchase and sale agreements as a
financing cash inflow because it constitutes a prepayment for a portion of the
market price of energy, which we will buy or sell over the term of the
agreements and does not represent a cash inflow from current period operating
activities. For those acquired contracts that are derivatives, we record the
ongoing cash flows related to the contract with the counterparties as financing
cash inflows in accordance with SFAS No. 149.

We discuss certain of these contract and portfolio acquisitions in more
detail in Note 4 and 
Note 5.

Security Ratings

Independent
credit-rating agencies rate Constellation Energy’s and BGE’s fixed-income
securities. The ratings indicate the agencies’ assessment of each company’s
ability to pay interest, distributions, dividends, and principal on these
securities. These ratings affect how much it will cost each company to sell
these securities. Generally, the better the rating, the lower the cost of the
securities to each company when they sell them.

The factors
that credit rating agencies consider in establishing Constellation Energy’s and
BGE’s credit ratings include, but are not limited to, cash flows, liquidity,
business 

54

risk profile, and the amount of debt as a component of total
capitalization.

At the date of this report, our credit
ratings were as follows:

 Standard
 & Poors

 Rating

 Group

 Moody’s
 Investors

 Service

 Fitch-
 Ratings

 Constellation Energy

 Commercial
 Paper

 A-2

 P-2

 F-2

 Senior
 Unsecured Debt

 BBB+

 Baa1

 BBB+

 BGE

 Commercial
 Paper

 A-2

 P-2

 F-2

 Mortgage
 Bonds

 A

 Baa1

 A

 Senior
 Unsecured Debt

 BBB+

 Baa2

 A-

 Trust
 Preferred Securities

 BBB-

 Baa3

 BBB+

 Preference Stock

 BBB-

 Ba1

 BBB+

Available Sources
of Funding

We continuously monitor our liquidity requirements and believe that our
credit facilities and access to the capital markets provide sufficient
liquidity to meet our business requirements. We discuss our available sources
of funding in more detail below.

Constellation Energy

In addition to our cash balance, we have a commercial paper program
under which we can issue short-term notes to fund our subsidiaries. At December 31,
2006, we had approximately $4,550 million of credit under several
facilities. These facilities include:

¨
  a $1.0 billion 364-day credit facility expiring
October 2007,

¨
  a $200.0 million 364-day credit facility
expiring December 2007,

¨
  a $1.5 billion five-year revolving credit
facility that expires in March 2010,

¨
  a $1.1 billion five-year revolving credit
facility that expires in November 2010, and

¨
  a $750.0 million five-year revolving credit
facility that expires in November 2010.

We enter into
these facilities to ensure adequate liquidity to support our operations.
Currently, we use the facilities to issue letters of credit primarily for our
merchant energy business. Additionally, we can borrow directly from the banks
or use the facilities to allow the issuance of commercial paper with the exception
of the $1.0 billion 364-day facility, which only supports $500.0 million
of letters of credit and the $200.0 million 364-day facility, which only
supports letters of credit.

These revolving
credit facilities allow the issuance of letters of credit up to
$4,050 million. At December 31, 2006, letters of credit that totaled
$1,648 million were issued under all of our facilities, which results in
approximately $2.9 billion of unused credit facilities.

We expect to fund future acquisitions with an overall goal of
maintaining a strong investment grade credit profile.

Merchant Energy

In November 2006,
we completed the initial public offering of CEP and received $101.3 million of
net cash proceeds. We discuss the initial public offering in more detail in Note 2. 
We may obtain
additional cash by completing sales of our other natural gas properties. Our
ability to complete these sales will depend on market conditions, and we cannot
give assurances that these sales could be completed.

On October 31,
2006, CEP entered into a $200.0 million secured revolving credit facility. The
credit facility will mature on October 31, 2010. We discuss this long-term
facility in more detail in Note 9.

In December 2006, we completed the sale of our gas-fired plants
and received $1.6 billion in cash. The proceeds from the sale are expected to
be applied to reduce debt and invest in our business or repurchase equity. We
discuss this sale in more detail in Note 2.

BGE

BGE currently
maintains a $400.0 million five-year revolving credit facility expiring in
2011. BGE can borrow directly from the banks or use the facilities to allow
commercial paper to be issued. As of December 31, 2006, BGE had no
outstanding commercial paper, which results in $400.0 million in unused
credit facilities.

Pursuant to Senate Bill 1, BGE is permitted to recover deferred costs
associated with the residential electric rate deferral by issuing rate
stabilization bonds after January 1, 2007 that securitize the deferred
costs. In December 2006, the Maryland PSC issued an order, which allows
BGE to issue bonds in an aggregate principal amount of approximately $630 million,
subject to adjustment. We currently intend to issue such bonds in 2007. We
discuss Senate Bill 1 in more detail in Item 1. Business—Electric
Regulatory Matters and Competition section.

Other
Nonregulated Businesses

If we can get a reasonable value for our remaining real estate projects
and other investments, additional cash may be obtained by selling them. Our
ability to sell or liquidate assets will depend on market conditions, and we
cannot give assurances that these sales or liquidations could be made.

Capital Resources

Our actual
consolidated capital requirements for the years 2004 through 2006, along with
the estimated annual amount for 2007, are shown in the table on the next page.

We will continue to have cash requirements for:

¨
  working capital needs,

¨
  payments of interest, distributions, and dividends,

¨
  capital expenditures, and

¨
  the retirement of debt and redemption of preference
stock.

Capital requirements for 2007 and 2008 include estimates of spending
for existing and anticipated projects. We continuously review and modify those
estimates. Actual requirements may vary from the estimates included in the
table on the next page because of a number of factors including:

¨
  regulation, legislation, and competition,

¨
  BGE load requirements,

55

¨
  environmental protection standards,

¨
  the type and number of projects selected for
construction or acquisition,

¨
  the effect of market conditions on those projects,

¨
  the cost and availability of capital,

¨
  the availability of cash from operations, and

¨
  business decisions to invest in capital projects.

Our estimates are also subject to additional factors. Please see the Forward Looking Statements and 
Item 1A
. Risk Factors 
sections.

 2004

 2005

 2006

 2007

 (In millions)

 Nonregulated Capital Requirements:

 Merchant energy (excludes
 acquisitions)

 Generation plants

 $

 182

 $

 182

 $

 235

 $

 235

 Nuclear fuel

 133

 130

 137

 150

 Environmental controls

 —

 1

 17

 330

 Portfolio
 acquisitions/investments

 11

 231

 227

 550

 Technology/other

 129

 165

 152

 200

 Total merchant energy
 capital requirements

 455

 709

 768

 1,465

 Other nonregulated
 capital requirements

 42

 32

 21

 10

 Total nonregulated
 capital requirements

 497

 741

 789

 1,475

 Regulated Capital Requirements:

 Regulated electric

 209

 241

 297

 380

 Regulated gas

 56

 50

 63

 60

 Total regulated capital
 requirements

 265

 291

 360

 440

 Total capital requirements

 $

 762

 $

 1,032

 $

 1,149

 $

 1,915

The table
above does not include amounts related to pre-acquisition capital requirements
but does include post-acquisition capital requirements. We discuss our
acquisitions in more detail in Note 15.

As of the date of this report, we have not
completed our 2008 capital budgeting process, but expect our 2008 capital
requirements to be approximately $1.7 billion.

Our
environmental controls capital requirements are affected by new rules or
regulations that require modifications to our facilities. Based on information
currently available to us regarding recently issued regulations, we will
install additional air emission control equipment at certain of our coal-fired
generating facilities in Maryland and at co-owned coal-fired generating
facilities in Pennsylvania. We estimate another $800 million of capital spending
from 2008-2011 for environmental controls. We discuss environmental
matters in more detail in Item 1. Business—Environmental
Matters.

Capital
Requirements

Merchant Energy
Business

Our merchant
energy business’ capital requirements consist of its continuing requirements,
including expenditures for:

¨
  improvements to generating
plants,

¨
  nuclear fuel costs,

¨
  upstream gas investments,

¨
  portfolio acquisitions and other
investments,

¨
  costs of complying with the
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), Maryland, and Pennsylvania environmental
regulations and legislation, and

¨
  enhancements to our information
technology infrastructure.

Regulated
Electric and Gas

Regulated
electric and gas construction expenditures primarily include new business
construction needs and improvements to existing facilities, including projects
to improve reliability.

Funding for Capital
Requirements

Merchant Energy
Business

Funding for our
merchant energy business is expected from internally generated funds. If
internally generated funds are not sufficient to meet funding requirements, we
have  available sources from commercial
paper issuances, issuances of long-term debt and equity, leases, and other
financing activities.

The projects
that our merchant energy business develops typically require substantial
capital investment. Many of the qualifying facilities and independent power
projects that we have an interest in are financed primarily with non-recourse
debt that is repaid from the project’s cash flows. This debt is collateralized
by interests in the physical assets, major project contracts and agreements,
cash accounts and, in some cases, the ownership interest in that project.

We expect to fund acquisitions with a mixture of debt and equity with
an overall goal of maintaining a strong investment grade credit profile.

Regulated
Electric and Gas

Funding for
regulated electric and gas capital expenditures is expected from internally
generated funds. If internally generated funds are not sufficient to meet
funding requirements, we have  available
sources from commercial paper issuances, available capacity under credit
facilities, the issuance of long-term debt, trust preferred securities, or
preference stock, and/or from time to time equity contributions from Constellation
Energy. We discuss BGE’s planned issuance of rate stabilization bonds in the Available Sources of Funding section. BGE also participates
in a cash pool administered by Constellation Energy as discussed in 
Note 16.

Other
Nonregulated Businesses

Funding for our other nonregulated businesses
is expected from internally generated funds. If internally generated funds are
not sufficient to meet funding requirements, we have  available sources from commercial paper
issuances, issuances of long-term debt of Constellation Energy, sales of
securities and assets, and/or from time to time equity contributions from
Constellation Energy.

Our ability to sell or liquidate securities and non-core assets will
depend on market conditions, and we cannot give assurances that these sales or
liquidations could be made. We discuss our remaining non-core assets and market
conditions in the Results of Operations—Other
Nonregulated Businesses section.

Contractual Payment
Obligations and Committed Amounts

We enter into
various agreements that result in contractual payment obligations in connection
with our business activities. These obligations primarily relate to our
financing 

56

arrangements
(such as long-term debt, preference stock, and operating leases), purchases of
capacity and energy to support the growth in our merchant energy business
activities, and purchases of fuel and transportation to satisfy the fuel
requirements of our power generating facilities.

Our total contractual payment obligations as
of December 31, 2006, increased $2.4 billion compared to 2005
primarily due to an increase in fuel and transportation
obligations and long-term debt. Our fuel and transportation obligations
increased mostly due to new coal contracts related to our merchant energy business.
 Our long-term debt increased mostly due to the
issuance of BGE Notes, offset in part by repayments made during the year. We
detail our contractual payment obligations as of December 31, 2006 in the
following table:

 Payments

 2007

 2008-
 2009

 2010-
 2011

 Thereafter

 Total

 (In millions)

Contractual Payment Obligations

 Long-term debt:
1

Nonregulated

 Principal

 $

 620.5

 $

 507.7

 $

 58.8

 $

 2,203.3

 $

 3,390.3

Interest

 183.9

 333.6

 286.9

 1,276.1

 2,080.5

 Total

 804.4

 841.3

 345.7

 3,479.4

 5,470.8

BGE

 Principal

 121.4

 306.1

 22.0

 1,267.2

 1,716.7

Interest

 97.3

 162.6

 155.7

 1,408.7

 1,824.3

 Total

 218.7

 468.7

 177.7

 2,675.9

 3,541.0

BGE preference stock

 —

 —

 —

 190.0

 190.0

 Operating leases
2

 186.0

 222.3

 153.4

 391.6

 953.3

Purchase obligations:
3

 Purchased capacity and energy
4

 367.1

 755.5

 271.8

 526.0

 1,920.4

Fuel and transportation

 2,866.5

 1,867.3

 475.9

 894.4

 6,104.1

 Other

 103.2

 68.0

 9.6

 26.1

 206.9

Other noncurrent liabilities:

 Pension benefits
5

 128.8

 71.5

 144.0

 —

 344.3

Postretirement and post employment
 benefits
6

 35.2

 81.1

 91.5

 290.7

 498.5

 Total
 contractual payment obligations

 $

 4,709.9

 $

 4,375.7

 $

 1,669.6

 $

 8,474.1

 $

 19,229.3

1    Amounts
in long-term debt reflect the original maturity date. Investors may
require us to repay $384.3 million early through put options and remarketing
features. Interest on variable rate debt is included based on the December 31,
2006 forward curve for interest rates.

2    Our
operating lease commitments include future payment obligations under certain
power purchase agreements as discussed further in Note 11.

3    Contracts
to purchase goods or services that specify all significant terms. Amounts
related to certain purchase obligations are based on future purchase
expectations which may differ from actual purchases.

4    Our
contractual obligations for purchased capacity and energy are shown on a gross
basis for certain transactions, including both the fixed payment portions of
tolling contracts and estimated variable payments under unit-contingent
power purchase agreements.

5

    Amounts
related to pension benefits reflect our current 5-year forecast for
contributions for our qualified pension plans and participant payments for our
nonqualified pension plans. Refer to Note 7 for more detail on our pension
plans.

6

   Amounts related to postretirement and
postemployment benefits are for unfunded plans and reflect present value
amounts consistent with the determination of the related liabilities recorded
in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as discussed in Note 7.

Termination of
Merger with FPL Group, Inc.

In connection with the termination of the merger agreement with FPL
Group, there are contingencies relating to certain types of transactions
entered into prior to September 30, 2007. We discuss these contingencies
in Note 15.

Liquidity Provisions

In many cases,
customers of our merchant energy business rely on the creditworthiness of
Constellation Energy. A decline below investment grade by Constellation Energy
would negatively impact the business prospects of that operation.

We regularly
review our liquidity needs to ensure that we have adequate facilities available
to meet collateral requirements. This includes having liquidity available to
meet margin requirements for our wholesale marketing, risk management, and
trading operation and our retail competitive supply activities.

We have certain
agreements that contain provisions that would require additional collateral
upon credit rating decreases in the senior unsecured debt of Constellation
Energy. Decreases in Constellation Energy’s credit ratings would not trigger an
early payment on any of our credit facilities.

Under counterparty contracts related to our wholesale marketing, risk
management, and trading operation, we are obligated to post collateral if
Constellation Energy’s senior unsecured credit ratings declined below
established contractual levels. Based on contractual provisions at
December 31, 2006, we estimate that if Constellation Energy’s senior
unsecured debt were downgraded we would have the following additional
collateral obligations:

 Credit Ratings
 Downgraded to

 Level
 Below

 Current

 Rating

 Incremental
 Obligations

 Cumulative
 Incremental

 Obligations

 (In millions)

 BBB/Baa2

 1

 $

 495

 $

 495

 BBB-/Baa3

 2

 246

 741

 Below investment grade

 3

 547

 1,288

Based on market
conditions and contractual obligations at the time of a downgrade, we could be
required to post collateral in an amount that could exceed the amounts
specified above, which could be material. We discuss our credit ratings in the Security Ratings section and our credit facilities in the 
Available Sources of Funding section.

The credit
facilities of Constellation Energy and BGE have limited material adverse change
clauses that only consider a material change in financial condition and are not
directly affected by decreases in credit ratings. If these clauses are invoked,
the lending institutions can decline to make new advances or issue new letters
of credit, but cannot accelerate the payment of existing amounts outstanding.
The long-term debt indentures of Constellation Energy and BGE do not contain
material adverse change clauses or financial covenants.

Certain credit
facilities of Constellation Energy contain a provision requiring Constellation
Energy to maintain a ratio of debt to capitalization equal to or less than 65%.
At December 31, 2006, the debt to capitalization ratios as defined in the
credit agreements were no greater than 48%. The credit agreement of BGE
contains a provision requiring BGE to maintain a ratio of debt to
capitalization equal to or less than 65%. At December 31, 2006, the debt
to capitalization ratio for BGE as defined in this credit agreement was 49%. At
December 31, 2006, no amount was outstanding under this agreement.

57

Failure by
Constellation Energy, or BGE, to comply with these provisions could result in
the acceleration of the maturity of the debt outstanding under these
facilities. The credit facilities of Constellation Energy contain usual and
customary cross-default provisions that apply to defaults on debt by
Constellation Energy and certain subsidiaries over a specified threshold.

The BGE credit
facility also contains usual and customary cross-default provisions that
apply to defaults on debt by BGE over a specified threshold. The indenture
pursuant to which BGE has issued and outstanding mortgage bonds provides that a
default under any debt instrument issued under the indenture may cause a
default of all debt outstanding under such indenture.

Constellation
Energy also provides credit support to Calvert Cliffs, Nine Mile Point, and
Ginna to ensure these plants have funds to meet expenses and obligations to
safely operate and maintain the plants.

Pursuant to
Senate Bill 1 and an order issued by the Maryland PSC, BGE is permitted to
recover deferred costs associated with the residential electric rate deferral
after January 1, 2007, including through the issuance of rate
stabilization bonds that securitize the deferred costs. We discuss Senate Bill
1 in more detail in Item 1.—Business—Electric
Regulatory Matters and Competition section and the rate
stabilization bonds in 
Available Sources of
Funding section.

We discuss our short-term credit facilities in Note 8, long-term debt in 
Note 9, lease requirements in 
Note 11, and commitments and
guarantees in 
Note 12.

Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements

For financing
and other business purposes, we utilize certain off-balance sheet arrangements
that are not reflected in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Such arrangements do
not represent a significant part of our activities or a significant ongoing
source of financing.

We use these arrangements when they enable us to obtain financing or
execute commercial transactions on favorable terms. As of December 31,
2006, we have no material off-balance sheet arrangements including:

¨
  guarantees
with third-parties that are subject to the initial recognition and
measurement requirements of FASB Interpretation No. 45, 
Guarantor’s Accounting and Disclosure Requirements
for Guarantees, Including Indirect Guarantees of Indebtedness to Others,

¨
  retained
interests in assets transferred to unconsolidated entities,

¨
  derivative
instruments indexed to our common stock, and classified as equity, or

¨
  variable
interests in unconsolidated entities that provide financing, liquidity, market
risk or credit risk support, or engage in leasing, hedging or research and
development services.

At December 31,
2006, Constellation Energy had a total of $11,277.3 million in guarantees
outstanding, of which $10,001.8 million related to our competitive supply
activities. These amounts do not represent incremental consolidated
Constellation Energy obligations; rather, they primarily represent parental
guarantees of certain subsidiary obligations to third parties. These guarantees
are put into place in order to allow our subsidiaries the flexibility needed to
conduct business with counterparties without having to post other forms of
collateral. While the stated limit of these guarantees is
$10,001.8 million, our calculated fair value of obligations for commercial
transactions covered by these guarantees was $2,190.6 million at December 31,
2006. If the parent company was required to fund these subsidiary obligations,
the total amount based on December 31, 2006 market prices would be
$2,190.6 million. For those guarantees related to our mark-to-market energy or
risk management liabilities, the fair value of the obligation is recorded in
our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We believe it is unlikely that we would be
required to perform or incur any losses associated with guarantees of our
subsidiaries’ obligations.

We discuss our
other guarantees in Note 12
and our significant variable interests in 
Note 4.

Market Risk

We are exposed
to various risks, including, but not limited to, energy commodity price and
volatility risk, credit risk, interest rate risk, equity price risk, foreign
exchange risk, and operations risk. Our risk management program is based on
established policies and procedures to manage these key business risks with a strong
focus on the physical nature of our business. This program is predicated on a
strong risk management culture combined with an effective system of internal
controls.

The Audit
Committee
of the Board of Directors periodically reviews compliance with our risk
parameters, limits and trading guidelines, and our Board of Directors has
established a value at risk limit. We have a Risk Management Division that is
responsible for monitoring the key business risks, enforcing compliance with
risk management policies and risk limits, as well as managing credit risk. The
Risk Management Division reports to the Chief Risk Officer (CRO) who provides
regular risk management updates to the Audit Committee and the Board of
Directors.

We have a Risk Management Committee (RMC) that is responsible for
establishing risk management policies, reviewing procedures for the
identification, assessment, measurement and management of risks, and the
monitoring and reporting of risk exposures. The RMC meets on a regular basis
and is chaired by the Vice Chairman of Constellation Energy & Chairman
of Constellation Energy Commodities Group, and consists of our Chief Executive
Officer, our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Administrative Officer, our
Executive Vice President of Corporate Strategy and Retail Competitive Supply,
the Co-Presidents & Chief Executive Officers of Constellation
Energy Commodities Group, the President of Constellation Generation Group and
the Chief Risk Officer. In addition, the CRO coordinates with the risk management
committees at the major operating subsidiaries that meet regularly to identify,
assess, and quantify material risk issues and to develop strategies to manage
these risks.

58

Interest Rate Risk

We are exposed
to changes in interest rates as a result of financing through our issuance of
variable-rate and fixed-rate debt and certain related interest rate swaps. We
may use derivative instruments to manage our interest rate risks.

In December 2006,
in order to manage the exposure to fluctuations in interest rates on variable
rate debt, CEP entered into a pay fixed and receive floating interest rate swap
relating to $16.5 million of its outstanding debt.

In July 2004,
to optimize the mix of fixed and floating-rate debt, we entered into interest
rate swaps relating to $450.0 million of our long-term debt. These fair
value hedges effectively convert our current fixed-rate debt to a floating-rate
instrument tied to the three month London Inter-Bank Offered Rate. Including
the $450.0 million in interest rate swaps, approximately 14% of our
long-term debt is floating-rate.

We discuss our
use of derivative instruments to manage our interest rate risk in more detail
in Note 13.

The following table provides information about our debt obligations
that are sensitive to interest rate changes:

Principal Payments and Interest Rate Detail
by Contractual Maturity Date

 2007

 2008

 2009

 2010

 2011

 Thereafter

 Total

 Fair value at
 December 31,

 2006

 (Dollars in millions)

 Long-term debt

 Variable-rate debt

 $

 —

 $

 —

 $

 —

 $

 5.5

 $

 36.0

 $

 681.7

 $

 723.2

 $

 723.2

 Average interest rate

 —

 %

 —

 %

 —

 %

 6.63

 %

 3.55

 %

 5.50

 %

 5.52

 %

 Fixed-rate debt

 $

 741.9

 (A)

 $

 301.1

 $

 512.7

 $

 16.8

 $

 22.5

 $

 2,788.8

 $

 4,383.8

 $

 4,513.8

 Average interest rate

 6.47

 %

 6.09

 %

 6.13

 %

 6.60

 %

 6.63

 %

 6.41

 %

 6.55

 %

(A)

           Amount
excludes $384.3 million of long-term debt that contains certain put
options under which lenders could potentially require us to repay the debt
prior to maturity of which $136.9 million is classified as current portion
of long-term debt in our Consolidated Balance Sheets and in our Consolidated
Statements of Capitalization.

Commodity Risk

We are exposed to the impact of market fluctuations in the price and
transportation costs of electricity, natural gas, coal, and other commodities.
These risks arise from our ownership and operation of power plants, the
load-serving activities of BGE and our competitive supply operations, and our
origination, risk management, and trading activities. We discuss these risks
separately for our merchant energy and our regulated businesses below.

Merchant Energy
Business

Our merchant energy business is exposed to various risks in the
competitive marketplace that may materially impact its financial results and
affect our earnings. These risks include changes in commodity prices,
imbalances in supply and demand, and operations risk.

Commodity
Prices

Commodity price risk arises from:

¨
  the
potential for changes in the price of, and transportation costs for,
electricity, natural gas, coal, and other commodities,

¨
  the
volatility of commodity prices, and

¨
  changes
in interest rates and foreign exchange rates.

A number of factors associated with the structure and operation of the
energy markets significantly influence the level and volatility of prices for
energy commodities and related derivative products. We use such commodities and
contracts in our merchant energy business, and if we do not properly hedge the
associated financial exposure, this commodity price volatility could affect our
earnings. These factors include:

¨
  seasonal,
daily, and hourly changes in demand,

¨
  extreme
peak demands due to weather conditions,

¨
  available
supply resources,

¨
  transportation
availability and reliability within and between regions,

¨
  location
of our generating facilities relative to the location of our load-serving
obligations,

¨
  procedures
used to maintain the integrity of the physical electricity system during
extreme conditions,

¨
  changes
in the nature and extent of federal and state regulations, and

¨
  geopolitical
concerns affecting global supply of oil and natural gas.

These factors can affect energy commodity and derivative prices in
different ways and to different degrees. These effects may vary throughout the
country as a result of regional differences in:

¨
  weather
conditions,

¨
  market
liquidity,

¨
  capability
and reliability of the physical electricity and gas systems, and

¨
  the
nature and extent of electricity deregulation.

Additionally, we have fuel requirements that are subject to future
changes in coal, natural gas, and oil prices. Our power generation facilities
purchase fuel under contracts or in the spot market. Fuel prices may be
volatile, and the price that can be obtained from power sales may not change at
the same rate or in the same direction as changes in fuel costs. This could
have a material adverse impact on our financial results.

Supply and
Demand Risk

We are exposed
to the risk that available sources of supply may differ from the amount of
power demanded by our customers 

59

under fixed-price
load-serving contracts. During periods of high demand, our power supplies may
be insufficient to serve our customers’ needs and could require us to purchase
additional energy at higher prices. Alternatively, during periods of low
demand, our power supplies may exceed our customers’ needs and could result in
us selling that excess energy at lower prices. Either of those circumstances
could have a negative impact on our financial results.

We are also exposed to variations in the prices and required volumes of
natural gas, oil, and coal we burn at our power plants to generate electricity.
During periods of high demand on our generation assets, our fuel supplies may
be insufficient and could require us to procure additional fuel at higher
prices. Alternatively, during periods of low demand on our generation assets,
our fuel supplies may exceed our needs, and could result in us selling the
excess fuels at lower prices. Either of these circumstances will have a
negative impact on our financial results.

Operations Risk

Operations risk
is the risk that a generating plant will not be available to produce energy and
the risks related to physical delivery of energy to meet our customers’ needs.
If one or more of our generating facilities is not able to produce electricity
when required due to operational factors, we may have to forego sales
opportunities or fulfill fixed-price sales commitments through the
operation of other more costly generating facilities or through the purchase of
energy in the wholesale market at higher prices. We purchase power from
generating facilities we do not own. If one or more of those generating
facilities were unable to produce electricity due to operational factors, we
may be forced to purchase electricity in the wholesale market at higher prices.
This could have a material adverse impact on our financial results.

Our nuclear plants produce electricity at a relatively low marginal
cost. The Nine Mile Point facility sells 90% of its output under
unit-contingent power purchase agreements (we have no obligation to provide
power if the units are not available) to the previous owners. Based on its new
capacity, beginning in 2007, we will sell approximately 80% of Ginna’s output
under a unit-contingent power purchase agreement to the former owners. However,
if an unplanned outage were to occur at Calvert Cliffs during periods when
demand was high, we may have to purchase replacement power at potentially
higher prices to meet our obligations, which could have a material adverse
impact on our financial results.

Risk Management
and Trading

As part of our overall portfolio, we manage the commodity price risk of
our competitive supply activities and our electric generation facilities,
including power sales, fuel and energy purchases, emission credits, interest
rate and foreign currency risks, weather risk, and the market risk of outages.
In order to manage these risks, we may enter into fixed-price derivative
or non-derivative contracts to hedge the variability in future cash flows from
forecasted sales and purchases of energy, including:

¨
  forward
contracts, which commit us to purchase or sell energy commodities in the
future;

¨
  futures
contracts, which are exchange-traded standardized commitments to purchase
or sell a commodity or financial instrument, or to make a cash settlement, at a
specific price and future date;

¨
  swap
agreements, which require payments to or from counterparties based upon the
differential between two prices for a predetermined contractual (notional)
quantity; and

¨
  option
contracts, which convey the right to buy or sell a commodity, financial
instrument, or index at a predetermined price.

The objectives for entering into such hedges include:

¨
  fixing
the price for a portion of anticipated future electricity sales at a level that
provides an acceptable return on our electric generation operations,

¨
  fixing
the price of a portion of anticipated fuel purchases for the operation of our
power plants,

¨
  fixing
the price for a portion of anticipated energy purchases to supply our
load-serving customers, and

¨
  managing
our exposure to interest rate risk and foreign currency exchange risks.

The portion of
forecasted transactions hedged may vary based upon management’s assessment of
market, weather, operational, and other factors.

While some of
the contracts we use to manage risk represent commodities or instruments for
which prices are available from external sources, other commodities and certain
contracts are not actively traded and are valued using other pricing sources
and modeling techniques to determine expected future market prices, contract
quantities, or both. We use our best estimates to determine the fair value of
commodity and derivative contracts we hold and sell. These estimates consider
various factors including closing exchange and over-the-counter price
quotations, time value, volatility factors, and credit exposure. However, it is
likely that future market prices could vary from those used in recording
mark-to-market energy assets and liabilities, and such variations could be
material.

We measure the
sensitivity of our wholesale marketing and risk management mark-to-market
energy contracts to potential changes in market prices using value at risk.
Value at risk is a statistical model that attempts to predict risk of loss
based on historical market price volatility. We calculate value at risk using a
historical variance/covariance technique that models option positions using a
linear approximation of their value. Additionally, we estimate variances and
correlation using historical commodity price changes over the most recent
rolling three-month period. Our value at risk calculation includes all
wholesale marketing and risk management mark-to-market energy assets and
liabilities, including contracts for energy commodities and derivatives that
result in physical settlement and contracts that require cash settlement.

The value at
risk calculation does not include market risks associated with activities that
are subject to accrual accounting, primarily our generating facilities and our
competitive supply load-serving activities. We manage these risks by monitoring
our fuel and energy purchase requirements and our estimated contract sales
volumes compared to associated supply arrangements. We also engage in hedging
activities to manage these risks. We describe those risks and our hedging
activities earlier in this section.

60

The value at risk amounts below represent the
potential pre-tax loss in the fair value of our wholesale marketing and risk
management mark-to-market energy assets and liabilities over one and ten-day
holding periods.

 Total Wholesale Value at Risk
 For the year ended December 31,

 2006

 2005

 (In millions)

 99% Confidence Level, One-Day Holding Period

 Year end

 $

 13.4

 $

 10.0

 Average

 16.7

 6.1

 High

 28.0

 14.5

 Low

 9.6

 2.4

 95% Confidence Level, One-Day Holding Period

 Year end

 $

 10.2

 $

 7.6

 Average

 12.7

 4.7

 High

 21.3

 11.0

 Low

 7.3

 1.8

 95% Confidence Level, Ten-Day Holding Period

 Year end

 $

 32.3

 $

 24.1

 Average

 40.2

 14.7

 High

 67.4

 34.9

 Low

 23.0

 5.8

Based on a 99%
confidence interval, we would expect a one-day change in the fair value of the
portfolio greater than or equal to the daily value at risk approximately once
in every 100 days. In 2006, we did not experience any instance where the
actual daily mark-to-market change in portfolio value exceeded the predicted
value at risk. However, published market studies conclude that exceeding daily
value at risk less than seven times in a one-year period is considered
consistent with a 99% confidence interval.

The table above
is the value at risk associated with our wholesale marketing, risk management,
and trading operation’s mark-to-market energy assets and liabilities, including
both trading and non-trading activities. We experienced higher value at risk
for the year ended December 31, 2006 compared to the year ended December 31,
2005, primarily due to a higher number of economic hedges of accrual positions
and an increase in our trading activities discussed below. We discuss our
mark-to-market results in more detail in the Competitive
Supply section.

The following table details our value at risk for the trading portion
of our wholesale marketing and risk management mark-to-market energy assets and
liabilities over a one-day holding period at a 99% confidence level for 2006
and 2005:

 Wholesale Trading Value at Risk
 For the year ended December 31,

 2006

 2005

 (In millions)

 Average

 $

 11.2

 $

 5.5

 High

 17.6

 13.3

We experienced
higher value at risk for the year ended December 31, 2006 compared to the
year ended December 31, 2005, for the trading portion of our wholesale
trading portfolio due to increased commodity prices, volatility, and trading
activity. Our trading positions can be used to manage the commodity price risk
of our competitive supply activities and our generation facilities. We also
engage in trading activities for profit. These activities are managed through
daily value at risk and stop loss limits and liquidity guidelines.

Due to the inherent limitations of statistical measures such as value
at risk and the seasonality of changes in market prices, the value at risk
calculation may not reflect the full extent of our commodity price risk
exposure. Additionally, actual changes in the value of options may differ from
the value at risk calculated using a linear approximation inherent in our
calculation method. As a result, actual changes in the fair value of
mark-to-market energy assets and liabilities could differ from the calculated
value at risk, and such changes could have a material impact on our financial
results.

Regulated
Electric Business

BGE’s
residential base rates were frozen for the six-year period ended June 30,
2006, and its commercial and industrial base rates were frozen for a four-year
period that ended June 30, 2004. The commodity and transmission components
of rates were frozen for different time periods depending on the customer type
and service options selected by customers.

Our wholesale
marketing, risk management, and trading operation provided BGE 100% of the
energy and capacity to meet its residential standard offer service obligations
through June 30, 2006. Bidding to supply BGE’s standard offer service to
all customers will occur from time to time through a competitive bidding
process approved by the Maryland PSC. Our wholesale marketing, risk management,
and trading operation is supplying a portion of BGE’s standard offer service
obligation to all customers. We discuss standard offer service and the impact
on base rates in more detail in Item 1.
Business—Electric Business section.

BGE may receive
performance assurance collateral from suppliers to mitigate suppliers’ credit
risks in certain circumstances. Performance assurance collateral is designed to
protect BGE’s potential exposure over the term of the supply contracts and will
fluctuate to reflect changes in market prices. In addition to the collateral
provisions, there are supplier “step-up” provisions, where other suppliers can
step in if the early termination of a Full-Requirements Service Agreement with
a supplier should occur, as well as specific mechanisms for BGE to otherwise
replace defaulted supplier contracts. All costs incurred by BGE to replace the
supply contract are to be recovered from the defaulting supplier or from
customers through rates. Finally, BGE’s exposure to uncollectible expense or
credit risk from customers for the commodity portion of the bill is covered by
the administrative fee included in Provider of Last Resort rates.

Our regulated electric business may enter into electric futures,
options, and swaps to hedge its price. We discuss this further in Note 13. At December 31, 2006
and 2005, our exposure to commodity price risk for our regulated electric business
was not material.

61

Regulated Gas
Business

Our regulated gas business may enter into gas futures, options, and
swaps to hedge its price risk under our market-based rate incentive
mechanism and our off-system gas sales program. We discuss this further in Note 13. At December 31, 2006
and 2005, our exposure to commodity price risk for our regulated gas business
was not material.

Credit Risk

We are exposed to credit risk, primarily through our merchant energy
business. Credit risk is the loss that may result from counterparties’ nonperformance.
We evaluate the credit risk of our wholesale marketing, risk management, and
trading operation and our retail competitive supply activities separately as
discussed below.

Wholesale
Credit Risk

We measure
wholesale credit risk as the replacement cost for open energy commodity and
derivative transactions (both mark-to-market and accrual) adjusted for amounts
owed to or due from counterparties for settled transactions. The replacement
cost of open positions represents unrealized gains, net of any unrealized
losses, where we have a legally enforceable right of setoff. We monitor and
manage the credit risk of our wholesale marketing, risk management, and trading
operation through credit policies and procedures which include an established
credit approval process, daily monitoring of counterparty credit limits, the
use of credit mitigation measures such as margin, collateral, or prepayment
arrangements, and the use of master netting agreements.

As of December 31, 2006 and 2005, the
credit portfolio of our wholesale marketing, risk management, and trading
operation had the following public credit ratings:

 At December 31,

 2006

 2005

 Rating

 Investment
 Grade
1

 61

 %

 53

 %

 Non-Investment
 Grade

 3

 7

 Not Rated

 36

 40

1

      Includes
counterparties with an investment grade rating by at least one of the major
credit rating agencies. If split rating exists, the lower rating is used.

Our exposure to “Not Rated” counterparties
was $1.1 billion at December 31, 2006 compared to $1.4 billion
at December 31, 2005. This decrease was mostly due to a decrease in our
credit portfolio related to natural gas and international coal customers that
do not have public credit ratings. Although not rated, a majority of these
counterparties are considered investment grade equivalent based on our internal
credit ratings. We utilize internal credit ratings to evaluate the
creditworthiness of our wholesale customers, including those companies that do
not have public credit ratings. Based on internal credit ratings, approximately
$643.8 million or 59% of the exposure to unrated counterparties was rated
investment grade equivalent at December 31, 2006 and approximately
$915.7 million or 68% was rated investment grade equivalent at December 31,
2005. The following table provides the breakdown of the credit quality of our
wholesale credit portfolio based on our internal credit ratings.

 At December 31,

 2006

 2005

 Investment Grade Equivalent

 82

 %

 80

 %

 Non-Investment Grade

 18

 20

A portion of our total wholesale credit risk
is related to transactions that are recorded in our Consolidated Balance
Sheets. These transactions primarily consist of open positions from our
wholesale marketing, risk management, and trading operation that are accounted
for using mark-to-market accounting, as well as amounts owed by wholesale
counterparties for transactions that settled but have not yet been paid. The
following table highlights the credit quality and exposures related to these
activities:

 Rating

 Total
 Exposure

 Before

 Credit

 Collateral

 Credit
 Collateral

 Net
 Exposure

 Number of
 Counterparties

 Greater

 than 10%

 of Net

 Exposure

 Net
 Exposure of

 Counterparties

 Greater than

 10% of Net

 Exposure

 (Dollars in millions)

 Investment grade

 $

 1,268

 $

 130

 $

 1,138

 —

 $

 —

 Split rating

 34

 5

 29

 —

 —

 Non-investment grade

 81

 44

 37

 —

 —

 Internally rated—investment
 grade

 511

 71

 440

 —

 —

 Internally rated—non-investment
 grade

 229

 55

 174

 —

 —

 Total

 $

 2,123

 $

 305

 $

 1,818

 —

 $

 —

Due to the
possibility of extreme volatility in the prices of energy commodities and
derivatives, the market value of contractual positions with individual
counterparties could exceed established credit limits or collateral provided by
those counterparties. If such a counterparty were then to fail to perform its
obligations under its contract (for example, fail to deliver the electricity
our wholesale marketing, risk management, and trading operation had contracted
for), we could incur a loss that could have a material impact on our financial
results.

Additionally, if a counterparty were to default and we were to
liquidate all contracts with that entity, our credit loss would include the
loss in value of mark-to-market contracts, the amount owed for settled
transactions, and additional payments, if any, that we would have to make to
settle unrealized losses on accrual contracts.

62

Retail Credit
Risk

We are exposed
to retail credit risk through our competitive electricity and natural gas
supply activities which serve commercial and industrial companies. Retail
credit risk results when customers default on their contractual obligations.
This risk represents the loss that may be incurred due to the nonpayment of a
customer’s accounts receivable balance, as well as the loss from the resale of
energy previously committed to serve the customer.

Retail credit
risk is managed through established credit policies, monitoring customer
exposures, and the use of credit mitigation measures such as letters of credit
or prepayment arrangements.

Our retail credit portfolio is well diversified with no significant
company or industry concentrations. During 2006, we did not experience a
material change in the credit quality of our retail credit portfolio compared
to 2005. Retail credit quality is dependent on the economy and the ability of
our customers to manage through unfavorable economic cycles and other market
changes. If the business environment were to be negatively affected by changes
in economic or other market conditions, our retail credit risk may be adversely
impacted.

Foreign Currency Risk

Our merchant energy business is exposed to the impact of foreign
exchange rate fluctuations. This foreign currency risk arises from our
activities in countries where we transact in currencies other than the U.S.
dollar. In 2006, our exposure to foreign currency risk was not material.
However, we expect our foreign currency exposure to grow due to our Canadian
operations, global power, coal, freight, and natural gas operations, and our
UniStar venture. We manage our exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk
using a comprehensive foreign currency hedging program. While we cannot predict
currency fluctuations, the impact of foreign currency exchange rate risk could
be material.

Equity Price Risk

We are exposed
to price fluctuations in equity markets primarily through our pension plan
assets, our nuclear decommissioning trust funds, and trust assets securing
certain executive benefits. We are required by the NRC to maintain externally
funded trusts for the costs of decommissioning our nuclear power plants. We
discuss our nuclear decommissioning trust funds in more detail in Note 1.

A hypothetical 10% decrease in equity prices would result in an
approximate $130 million reduction in the fair value of our financial
investments that are classified as trading or available-for-sale securities. In
2006, our actual return on pension plan assets was $141.1 million due to
advances in the markets in which plan assets are invested. We describe our
financial investments in more detail in Note 4,
and our pension plans in 
Note 7.

Item 7A.
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk

The information
required by this item with respect to market risk is set forth in Item 7 of Part II of this Form 10-K
under the heading 
Market Risk.

63

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data

REPORT OF
MANAGEMENT

Financial
Statements

The management
of Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and Baltimore Gas and Electric Company
(the “Companies”) is responsible for the information and representations in the
Companies’ financial statements. The Companies prepare the financial statements
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America based upon available facts and circumstances and management’s
best estimates and judgments of known conditions.

PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited the
financial statements and expressed their opinion on them. They performed their
audit in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States).

The Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, which consists of three
independent Directors, meets periodically with management, internal auditors,
and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP to review the activities of each in discharging
their responsibilities. The internal audit staff and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
have free access to the Audit Committee.

Management’s
Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

The management
of Constellation Energy Group, Inc. (“Constellation Energy”), under the
direction of its principal executive officer and principal financial officer,
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f).

Constellation
Energy’s system of internal control over financial reporting is designed to
provide reasonable assurance to Constellation Energy’s management and Board of
Directors regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation
of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles in the United States of America.

The management
of Constellation Energy conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of
Constellation Energy’s internal control over financial reporting using the
framework in Internal Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of
Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). As noted in the
COSO framework, an internal control system, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable-not absolute-assurance to
management and the Board of Directors regarding achievement of an entity’s
financial reporting objectives. Based upon the evaluation under this framework,
management concluded that Constellation Energy’s internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2006.

PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, has audited management’s
assessment of the effectiveness of Constellation Energy’s internal control over
financial reporting at December 31, 2006, as stated in their report set
forth below.

As discussed in Item 9A. Controls and Procedures, the management of
Baltimore Gas & Electric Company (“BGE”) has not assessed the
effectiveness of BGE’s internal control over financial reporting on a
standalone basis because it is not yet required to do so by applicable federal
securities laws and regulations.

 Mayo A. Shattuck III

Chairman of the Board, President and Chief
 Executive Officer

 E. Follin Smith
 Executive Vice-President, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief
 Administrative Officer

REPORTS OF
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of
Constellation Energy Group, Inc.

We have completed integrated audits of Constellation Energy Group, Inc.
and Subsidiaries’ consolidated financial statements and of its internal control
over financial reporting as of December 31, 2006 in accordance with the
standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Our
opinions, based on our audits, are presented below.

Consolidated
financial statements and financial statement schedule

In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing under Item
15(a) (1) present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the
Company) at December 31, 2006 and 2005, and the results of their
operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended

December 31,
2006 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement
schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a) (2) presents
fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read
in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. These
financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of
the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. We
conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit of
financial statements includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting
the 

64

amounts and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting principles
used and significant estimates made by management, and evaluating the overall
financial statement presentation. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion.

As discussed in
Note 1 to the consolidated financial
statements, in 2006 the Company changed its method of accounting for defined
benefit pension and other postretirement plans. As
 discussed in Note 1
to the consolidated financial statements, in 2005 the Company changed its
method 

of accounting for
conditional asset retirement obligations and the accounting for stock based
compensation.

We have also previously audited, in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated
balance sheets and statements of capitalization of Constellation Energy Group, Inc.
and Subsidiaries as of December 31, 2004, 2003, and 2002, and the related
consolidated statements of income, cash flows, and common shareholders’ equity
and comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2003 and 2002
(none of which are presented herein); and we expressed unqualified opinions on
those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the information set
forth in the Summary of Operations and Summary of Financial Condition of
Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries included in the Selected
Financial Data for each of the five years in the period ended December 31,
2006, is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the
consolidated financial statements from which it has been derived.

Internal control
over financial reporting

Also, in our
opinion, management’s assessment, included in Management’s Report on Internal
Control Over Financial Reporting appearing under Item 8, that the Company
maintained effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2006, based on criteria established in Internal
Control—Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO), is fairly stated, in all
material respects, based on those criteria. Furthermore, in our opinion, the
Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over
financial reporting as of December 31, 2006, based on criteria established
in 
Internal Control—Integrated Framework
issued by the COSO. The Company’s management is responsible for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of
the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. Our
responsibility is to express opinions on management’s assessment and on the
effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting based
on our audit. We conducted our audit of internal control over financial
reporting in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (United States). Those standards require that we plan and
perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective
internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material
respects. An audit of internal control over financial reporting includes
obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting,
evaluating management’s assessment, testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control, and performing such other
procedures as we consider necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinions.

A company’s
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the
preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal control over
financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain
to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide
reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit
preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are
being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors
of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition
of the company’s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that
controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the
degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Baltimore, Maryland

February 26, 2007

To Board of Directors and Shareholder of Baltimore Gas and Electric
Company

In our opinion,
the consolidated financial statements listed in the index appearing under Item
15(a) (1) present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Subsidiaries (the Company)
at December 31, 2006 and 2005, and the results of their operations and
their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31,
2006 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America. In addition, in our opinion, the financial statement
schedule listed in the index appearing under Item 15(a) (2) presents
fairly, in all material respects, the information set forth therein when read
in conjunction with the related consolidated financial statements. These
financial statements and financial statement schedule are the responsibility of
the Company’s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these
financial statements and financial statement schedule based on our audits. We
conducted our audits of these statements in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States). Those standards
require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement. An audit
includes examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and
disclosures in the 

65

financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates
made by management, and evaluating the overall financial statement
presentation. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our
opinion.

We have also previously audited, in accordance with the standards of
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), the consolidated
balance sheets of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Subsidiaries as of December 31,
2004, 2003 and 2002, and the related consolidated statements of income, cash
flows, and comprehensive income for the years ended December 31, 2003 and
2002 (none of which are presented herein); and we expressed unqualified
opinions on those consolidated financial statements. In our opinion, the
information set forth in the Summary of Operations and Summary of Financial
Condition of Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Subsidiaries included in
the Selected Financial Data for each of the five years in the period ended December 31,
2006, is fairly stated, in all material respects, in relation to the
consolidated financial statements from which it has been derived.

PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP
Baltimore, Maryland

February 26, 2007

66

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF INCOME

Constellation
Energy Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries

 Year Ended December 31,

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions, except per share amounts)

 Revenues

 Nonregulated revenues

 $

 16,279.0

 $

 13,970.1

 $

 9,404.5

 Regulated electric revenues

 2,115.9

 2,036.5

 1,967.6

 Regulated gas revenues

 890.0

 961.7

 755.1

 Total revenues

 19,284.9

 16,968.3

 12,127.2

 Expenses

 Fuel and purchased energy
 expenses

 14,930.7

 13,239.6

 8,693.2

 Operating expenses

 2,165.8

 1,900.7

 1,714.0

 Workforce reduction costs

 28.2

 4.4

 9.7

 Merger-related costs

 18.3

 17.0

 —

 Depreciation, depletion, and
 amortization

 523.9

 523.0

 488.4

 Accretion of asset retirement
 obligations

 67.6

 62.0

 53.1

 Taxes other than income taxes

 290.7

 277.1

 250.7

 Total expenses

 18,025.2

 16,023.8

 11,209.1

 Gain on Sale of Gas-Fired Plants

 73.8

 —

 —

 Income from Operations

 1,333.5

 944.5

 918.1

 Gain on Initial Public Offering of CEP LLC

 28.7

 —

 —

 Other Income

 66.1

 65.5

 25.5

 Fixed Charges

 Interest expense

 329.2

 306.9

 324.4

 Interest capitalized and
 allowance for borrowed funds used during construction

 (13.7

 )

 (9.9

 )

 (10.8

 )

 BGE preference stock dividends

 13.2

 13.2

 13.2

 Total fixed charges

 328.7

 310.2

 326.8

 Income from Continuing Operations Before Income Taxes

 1,099.6

 699.8

 616.8

 Income Tax Expense

 351.0

 163.9

 118.4

 Income from Continuing Operations and Before Cumulative Effects of
 Changes in Accounting Principles

 748.6

 535.9

 498.4

 Income from discontinued
 operations, net of income taxes of $107.7, $61.6, $27.3, respectively

 187.8

 94.4

 41.3

 Cumulative effects of changes in
 accounting principles, net of income taxes of $(4.7)

 —

 (7.2

 )

 —

 Net Income

 $

 936.4

 $

 623.1

 $

 539.7

 Earnings Applicable to Common Stock

 $

 936.4

 $

 623.1

 $

 539.7

 Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding—Basic

 179.4

 177.5

 172.1

 Average Shares of Common Stock Outstanding—Diluted

 181.4

 179.7

 173.1

 Earnings Per Common Share from Continuing
 Operations and Before Cumulative Effects of Changes in Accounting
 Principles—Basic

 $

 4.17

 $

 3.02

 $

 2.90

 Income from discontinued
 operations

 1.05

 0.53

 0.24

 Cumulative effects of changes in
 accounting principles

 —

 (0.04

 )

 —

 Earnings Per Common Share—Basic

 $

 5.22

 $

 3.51

 $

 3.14

 Earnings Per Common Share from Continuing
 Operations and Before Cumulative Effects of Changes in Accounting
 Principles—Diluted

 $

 4.12

 $

 2.98

 $

 2.88

 Income from discontinued
 operations

 1.04

 0.53

 0.24

 Cumulative effects of changes in
 accounting principles

 —

 (0.04

 )

 —

 Earnings Per Common Share—Diluted

 $

 5.16

 $

 3.47

 $

 3.12

 Dividends
 Declared Per Common Share

 $

 1.51

 $

 1.34

 $

 1.14

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Certain prior-year amounts have been reclassified
to conform with the current year’s presentation.

67

CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS

Constellation Energy
Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries

 At December 31,

 2006

 2005

 (In millions)

 Assets

 Current
 Assets

 Cash and
 cash equivalents

 $

 2,289.1

 $

 813.0

 Accounts
 receivable (net of allowance for uncollectibles of $48.9
 and $47.4, respectively)

 3,248.3

 2,727.9

 Fuel stocks

 599.5

 489.5

 Materials
 and supplies

 200.2

 197.0

 Mark-to-market
 energy assets

 1,294.8

 1,339.2

 Risk
 management assets

 261.7

 1,244.3

 Unamortized
 energy contract assets

 35.2

 55.6

 Deferred
 income taxes

 674.3

 —

 Other

 497.0

 555.3

 Total
 current assets

 9,100.1

 7,421.8

 Investments
 and Other Assets

 Nuclear
 decommissioning trust funds

 1,240.1

 1,110.7

 Investments
 in qualifying facilities and power projects

 308.6

 306.2

 Regulatory
 assets (net)

 389.0

 154.3

 Goodwill

 157.6

 147.1

 Mark-to-market
 energy assets

 623.4

 1,089.3

 Risk
 management assets

 325.7

 626.0

 Unamortized
 energy contract assets

 123.6

 141.2

 Other

 311.4

 410.6

 Total
 investments and other assets

 3,479.4

 3,985.4

 Property,
 Plant and Equipment

 Nonregulated
 property, plant and equipment

 7,587.6

 8,580.8

 Regulated
 property, plant and equipment

 5,752.9

 5,520.5

 Nuclear fuel
 (net of amortization)

 339.9

 302.0

 Accumulated
 depreciation

 (4,458.3

 )

 (4,336.6

 )

 Net
 property, plant and equipment

 9,222.1

 10,066.7

 Total Assets

 $

 21,801.6

 $

 21,473.9

See Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.

68

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

Constellation
Energy Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries

 At December 31,

 2006

 2005

 (In millions)

 Liabilities and Equity

 Current Liabilities

 Short-term borrowings

 $

 —

 $

 0.7

 Current portion of long-term debt

 878.8

 491.3

 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

 2,137.2

 1,667.9

 Customer deposits and collateral

 347.2

 458.9

 Mark-to-market energy liabilities

 1,071.7

 1,348.7

 Risk management liabilities

 1,340.0

 483.5

 Unamortized energy contract liabilities

 378.3

 489.5

 Deferred income taxes

 —

 151.4

 Accrued expenses and other

 969.5

 780.4

 Total current liabilities

 7,122.7

 5,872.3

 Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities

 Deferred income taxes

 1,435.8

 1,180.8

 Asset retirement obligations

 974.8

 908.0

 Mark-to-market energy liabilities

 392.4

 912.3

 Risk management liabilities

 707.3

 1,035.5

 Unamortized energy contract liabilities

 958.0

 1,118.7

 Defined benefit obligations

 928.3

 784.0

 Deferred investment tax credits

 57.2

 64.1

 Other

 109.0

 101.0

 Total deferred credits and other liabilities

 5,562.8

 6,104.4

 Capitalization (See Consolidated Statements of
 Capitalization)

 Long-term debt

 4,222.3

 4,369.3

 Minority interests

 94.5

 22.4

 BGE preference stock not subject to mandatory
 redemption

 190.0

 190.0

 Common shareholders’ equity

 4,609.3

 4,915.5

 Total capitalization

 9,116.1

 9,497.2

 Commitments, Guarantees, and Contingencies (see Note 12)

 Total
 Liabilities and Equity

 $

 21,801.6

 $

 21,473.9

See Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements.

69

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

Constellation
Energy Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries

 Year Ended December 31,

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions)

 Cash Flows From Operating Activities

 Net income

 $

 936.4

 $

 623.1

 $

 539.7

 Adjustments to reconcile to net
 cash provided by operating activities (Gain) loss on sales of
 gas-fired plants and discontinued operations

 (191.4

 )

 (13.8

 )

 50.1

 Cumulative effects of changes in
 accounting principles

 —

 7.2

 —

 Depreciation, depletion, and
 amortization

 545.1

 606.5

 650.3

 Accretion of asset retirement
 obligations

 67.6

 62.1

 53.2

 Deferred income taxes

 128.0

 136.9

 123.4

 Investment tax credit
 adjustments

 (6.9

 )

 (7.1

 )

 (7.2

 )

 Deferred fuel costs

 (348.5

 )

 (11.9

 )

 6.0

 Defined benefit obligation
 expense

 129.7

 94.2

 81.1

 Defined benefit obligation
 payments

 (89.2

 )

 (90.8

 )

 (94.7

 )

 Gain on initial public offering
 of CEP LLC

 (28.7

 )

 —

 —

 Equity in earnings of affiliates
 less than dividends received

 27.6

 38.7

 29.5

 Proceeds from derivative power
 sales contracts classified as financing activities under
 SFAS No. 149

 2.6

 (72.6

 )

 —

 Changes in

 Accounts receivable

 (653.7

 )

 (961.2

 )

 (397.4

 )

 Mark-to-market
 energy assets and liabilities

 (275.9

 )

 (88.4

 )

 (27.2

 )

 Risk management assets and
 liabilities

 (4.4

 )

 (27.5

 )

 (39.7

 )

 Materials, supplies, and fuel
 stocks

 (267.2

 )

 (250.3

 )

 (112.1

 )

 Other current assets

 240.6

 (277.1

 )

 5.3

 Accounts payable and accrued
 liabilities

 380.5

 282.8

 260.2

 Other current liabilities

 (91.8

 )

 546.4

 (8.7

 )

 Other

 24.9

 30.0

 (25.0

 )

 Net cash provided by operating
 activities

 525.3

 627.2

 1,086.8

 Cash Flows From Investing Activities

 Investments in property, plant
 and equipment

 (962.9

 )

 (760.0

 )

 (703.6

 )

 Asset acquisitions and business
 combinations, net of cash acquired

 (137.6

 )

 (237.2

 )

 (457.3

 )

 Investments in nuclear
 decommissioning trust fund securities

 (394.6

 )

 (370.8

 )

 (424.2

 )

 Proceeds from nuclear
 decommissioning trust fund securities

 385.8

 353.2

 402.2

 Net proceeds from sale of
 gas-fired plants and discontinued operations

 1,630.7

 289.4

 72.7

 Issuances of loans receivable

 (65.4

 )

 (82.8

 )

 —

 Sale of investments and other
 assets

 43.9

 14.4

 36.1

 Contract and portfolio
 acquisitions

 (2.3

 )

 (336.2

 )

 —

 Other investments

 62.5

 (44.0

 )

 (78.6

 )

 Net cash provided by (used in)
 investing activities

 560.1

 (1,174.0

 )

 (1,152.7

 )

 Cash Flows From Financing Activities

 Net (maturity) issuance of short-term
 borrowings

 (0.7

 )

 10.7

 (9.6

 )

 Proceeds from issuance of

 Common stock

 84.4

 96.9

 293.9

 Long-term debt

 852.0

 12.0

 100.0

 Proceeds from initial public
 offering of Constellation Energy Partners LLC

 101.3

 —

 —

 Common stock dividends paid

 (264.0

 )

 (228.8

 )

 (189.7

 )

 Proceeds from contract and
 portfolio acquisitions

 221.3

 1,026.9

 117.5

 Repayment of long-term
 debt

 (609.1

 )

 (362.3

 )

 (243.2

 )

 Proceeds from derivative power
 sales contracts classified as financing activities under
 SFAS No. 149

 (2.6

 )

 72.6

 —

 Other

 8.1

 25.5

 (18.0

 )

 Net cash provided by financing
 activities

 390.7

 653.5

 50.9

 Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash and Cash Equivalents

 1,476.1

 106.7

 (15.0

 )

 Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year

 813.0

 706.3

 721.3

 Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Year

 $

 2,289.1

 $

 813.0

 $

 706.3

 Other Cash Flow Information:

 Cash paid during the year for:

 Interest (net of amounts
 capitalized)

 $

 304.7

 $

 301.3

 $

 327.9

 Income taxes

 $

 109.3

 $

 115.3

 $

 203.9

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

Certain prior-year amounts have been
reclassified to conform with the current year’s presentation.

70

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
COMMON SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Constellation Energy
Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries

 Common Stock

 Retained

 Accumulated
 Other

 Comprehensive

 Total

 Year Ended December 31, 2006, 2005, and 2004

 Shares

 Amount

 Earnings

 Loss

 Amount

 (Dollar amounts in millions, number of shares in thousands)

 Balance at December 31, 2003

 167,819

 $

 2,179.8

 $

 2,081.9

 $

 (121.2

 )

 $

 4,140.5

 Comprehensive Income

 Net income

 539.7

 539.7

 Other comprehensive income

 Hedging instruments:

 Reclassification of net gains on hedging instruments from OCI to net
 income, net of taxes of $169.0

 (270.8

 )

 (270.8

 )

 Net unrealized gain on hedging instruments, net of taxes of $124.7

 196.8

 196.8

 Available-for-sale securities:

 Reclassification of net loss on securities from OCI to net income,
 net of taxes of $1.4

 2.2

 2.2

 Net unrealized gain on securities, net of taxes of $22.2

 33.7

 33.7

 Minimum pension liability, net of taxes of $27.9

 (42.6

 )

 (42.6

 )

 Net unrealized gain on foreign currency translation

 0.4

 0.4

 Total Comprehensive Income

 539.7

 (80.3

 )

 459.4

 Common stock dividend declared ($1.14 per share)

 (196.3

 )

 (196.3

 )

 Common stock issued

 8,514

 322.7

 322.7

 Other

 0.6

 0.6

 Balance
 at December 31, 2004

 176,333

 2,502.5

 2,425.9

 (201.5

 )

 4,726.9

 Comprehensive Income

 Net income

 623.1

 623.1

 Other comprehensive income

 Hedging instruments:

 Reclassification of net gains on hedging instruments from OCI to net
 income, net of taxes of $492.2

 (794.6

 )

 (794.6

 )

 Net unrealized gain on hedging instruments, net of taxes of $335.9

 534.7

 534.7

 Available-for-sale securities:

 Reclassification of net gains on securities from OCI to net income,
 net of taxes of $1.2

 (1.8

 )

 (1.8

 )

 Net unrealized gain on securities, net of taxes of $15.7

 23.8

 23.8

 Minimum pension liability, net of taxes of $50.4

 (77.1

 )

 (77.1

 )

 Net unrealized gain on foreign currency translation

 1.0

 1.0

 Total Comprehensive Income

 623.1

 (314.0

 )

 309.1

 Common stock dividend declared ($1.34 per share)

 (238.4

 )

 (238.4

 )

 Common stock issued

 1,968

 118.3

 118.3

 Other

 (0.4

 )

 (0.4

 )

 Balance
 at December 31, 2005

 178,301

 2,620.8

 2,810.2

 (515.5

 )

 4,915.5

 Comprehensive Income

 Net income

 936.4

 936.4

 Other comprehensive income

 Hedging instruments:

 Reclassification of net losses on hedging instruments from OCI to net
 income, net of taxes of $375.6

 620.8

 620.8

 Net unrealized loss on hedging instruments, net of taxes of $1,025.8

 (1,683.4

 )

 (1,683.4

 )

 Available-for-sale securities:

 Reclassification of net gains on securities from OCI to net income,
 net of taxes of $0.1

 (0.2

 )

 (0.2

 )

 Net unrealized gain on securities, net of taxes of $45.5

 69.7

 69.7

 Minimum pension liability, net of taxes of $49.6

 75.6

 75.6

 Net unrealized loss on foreign currency translation

 (1.1

 )

 (1.1

 )

 Total Comprehensive Income

 936.4

 (918.6

 )

 17.8

 Effect of adoption of SFAS No. 158, net of taxes of $111.3

 (169.5

 )

 (169.5

 )

 Common stock dividend declared ($1.51 per share)

 (272.6

 )

 (272.6

 )

 Common stock issued

 2,218

 117.8

 117.8

 Other

 0.3

 0.3

 Balance
 at December 31, 2006

 180,519

 $

 2,738.6

 $

 3,474.3

 $

 (1,603.6

 )

 $

 4,609.3

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements.

71

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CAPITALIZATION

Constellation Energy Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries

 At December 31,

 2006

 2005

 (In millions)

 Long-Term Debt

 Long-term debt of Constellation Energy

 6.35% Fixed-Rate Notes, due April 1, 2007

 $

 600.0

 $

 600.0

 6.125% Fixed-Rate Notes, due September 1, 2009

 500.0

 500.0

 7.00% Fixed-Rate Notes, due April 1, 2012

 700.0

 700.0

 4.55% Fixed-Rate Notes, due June 15, 2015

 550.0

 550.0

 7.60% Fixed-Rate Notes, due April 1, 2032

 700.0

 700.0

 Fair Value of Interest Rate Swaps

 (7.1

 )

 (0.9

 )

 Total long-term debt of Constellation Energy

 3,042.9

 3,049.1

 Long-term debt of nonregulated businesses

 Tax-exempt debt transferred from BGE effective July 1, 2000

 Pollution control loan, due July 1, 2011

 36.0

 36.0

 Port facilities loan, due June 1, 2013

 48.0

 48.0

 4.10% Pollution control loan, due July 1, 2014

 20.0

 20.0

 5.55% Pollution control revenue refunding loan, due July 15, 2014

 —

 47.0

 Economic development loan, due December 1, 2018

 35.0

 35.0

 6.00% Pollution control revenue refunding loan, due April 1, 2024

 —

 75.0

 Floating-rate pollution control loan, due June 1, 2027

 8.8

 8.8

 Tax-exempt variable rate notes, due April 1, 2024

 75.0

 —

 Tax-exempt variable rate notes, due December 1, 2025

 47.0

 —

 District Cooling facilities loan, due December 1, 2031

 25.0

 25.0

 CEP credit facility loan, due October 31, 2010

 22.0

 —

 4.875% Inflation protection loan due February 15, 2012

 —

 12.0

 5.00% Mortgage note, due July 5, 2010

 7.5

 12.8

 4.25% Mortgage note, due March 15, 2009

 1.3

 1.9

 7.3% Fixed Rate Note, due June 1, 2012

 1.8

 —

 South Carolina synthetic fuel facility loan, due January 15, 2008
 (imputed interest rate of 3.47%)

 20.0

 36.0

 Total long-term debt of nonregulated businesses

 347.4

 357.5

 First Refunding Mortgage Bonds of BGE

 Remarketed floating-rate series, due September 1, 2006

 —

 97.4

 7

1
¤
2% Series, due January 15, 2007

 121.4

 122.0

 6

5
¤
8% Series, due March 15, 2008

 123.1

 123.4

 Total
 First Refunding Mortgage Bonds of BGE

 244.5

 342.8

 Other long-term debt of BGE

 5.25% Notes, due December 15, 2006

 —

 300.0

 5.90% Notes, due October 1, 2016

 300.0

 —

 5.20% Notes, due June 15, 2033

 200.0

 200.0

 6.35% Notes, due October 1, 2036

 400.0

 —

 Medium-term notes, Series B

 —

 12.0

 Medium-term notes, Series D

 —

 10.0

 Medium-term notes, Series E

 174.5

 199.5

 Medium-term notes, Series G

 140.0

 140.0

 Total other long-term debt of BGE

 1,214.5

 861.5

 6.20% deferrable interest subordinated debentures due October 15,
 2043 to BGE wholly owned BGE Capital Trust II relating to trust preferred
 securities

 257.7

 257.7

 Unamortized discount and premium

 (5.9

 )

 (8.0

 )

 Current portion of long-term debt

 (878.8

 )

 (491.3

 )

 Total
 long-term debt

 $

 4,222.3

 $

 4,369.3

See Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements.

continued on next page

72

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
CAPITALIZATION

Constellation Energy
Group, Inc. and Subsidiaries

 At December 31,

 2006

 2005

 (In millions)

 Minority Interests

 $

 94.5

 $

 22.4

 BGE Preference Stock

 Cumulative preference stock
 not subject to mandatory redemption, 6,500,000 shares authorized 7.125%, 1993
 Series, 400,000 shares outstanding, callable at $102.49 per share until
 June 30, 2007, and at lesser amounts thereafter

 40.0

 40.0

 6.97%, 1993 Series, 500,000
 shares outstanding, callable at $102.44 per share until September 30,
 2007, and at lesser amounts thereafter

 50.0

 50.0

 6.70%, 1993 Series, 400,000
 shares outstanding, callable at $102.35 per share until December 31,
 2007, and at lesser amounts thereafter

 40.0

 40.0

 6.99%, 1995 Series, 600,000
 shares outstanding, callable at $103.15 per share until September 30,
 2007, and at lesser amounts thereafter

 60.0

 60.0

 Total preference stock not
 subject to mandatory redemption

 190.0

 190.0

 Common Shareholders’ Equity

 Common stock without par
 value, 250,000,000 shares authorized; 180,519,180 and 178,300,844 shares
 issued and outstanding at December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. (At
 December 31, 2006, 3,739,214 shares were reserved for the long-term
 incentive plans, 7,511,741 shares were reserved for the Shareholder
 Investment Plan, 1,520,000 shares were reserved for the continuous offering
 programs, and 1,546,143 shares were reserved for the employee savings plan.)

 2,738.6

 2,620.8

 Retained earnings

 3,474.3

 2,810.2

 Accumulated other
 comprehensive loss

 (1,603.6

 )

 (515.5

 )

 Total common shareholders’
 equity

 4,609.3

 4,915.5

 Total Capitalization

 $

 9,116.1

 $

 9,497.2

See Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.

73

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF
INCOME

Baltimore Gas and
Electric Company and Subsidiaries

 Year Ended December 31,

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions)

 Revenues

 Electric
 revenues

 $

 2,115.9

 $

 2,036.5

 $

 1,967.7

 Gas revenues

 899.5

 972.8

 757.0

 Total
 revenues

 3,015.4

 3,009.3

 2,724.7

 Expenses

 Operating
 Expenses

 Electricity
 purchased for resale

 1,167.8

 1,068.9

 1,034.0

 Gas purchased
 for resale

 581.5

 687.5

 484.3

 Operations
 and maintenance

 496.1

 450.2

 427.8

 Merger-related
 costs

 4.7

 5.4

 —

 Depreciation
 and amortization

 227.5

 232.4

 242.3

 Taxes other
 than income taxes

 168.7

 168.4

 164.9

 Total
 expenses

 2,646.3

 2,612.8

 2,353.3

 Income from Operations

 369.1

 396.5

 371.4

 Other Income (Expense)

 6.0

 5.9

 (6.4

 )

 Fixed Charges

 Interest
 expense

 104.6

 95.6

 97.3

 Allowance for
 borrowed funds used during construction

 (2.0

 )

 (2.1

 )

 (1.1

 )

 Total fixed
 charges

 102.6

 93.5

 96.2

 Income Before Income Taxes

 272.5

 308.9

 268.8

 Income Taxes

 Current

 (22.8

 )

 122.6

 69.4

 Deferred

 126.6

 (0.9

 )

 34.9

 Investment
 tax credit adjustments

 (1.6

 )

 (1.8

 )

 (1.8

 )

 Total income
 taxes

 102.2

 119.9

 102.5

 Net Income

 170.3

 189.0

 166.3

 Preference Stock Dividends

 13.2

 13.2

 13.2

 Earnings
 Applicable to Common Stock

 $

 157.1

 $

 175.8

 $

 153.1

CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Subsidiaries

 Year Ended December 31,

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions)

 Earnings Applicable to Common Stock

 $

 157.1

 $

 175.8

 $

 153.1

 Other
 comprehensive income

 Reclassification
 of net gains on hedging instruments from OCI to net income, net of taxes of
 $—

 —

 —

 (0.1

 )

 Comprehensive Income

 $

 157.1

 $

 175.8

 $

 153.0

See Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements

74

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

Baltimore
Gas and Electric Company and Subsidiaries

 At December 31,

 2006

 2005

 (In
 millions)

 Assets

 Current
 Assets

 Cash and
 cash equivalents

 $

 10.9

 $

 15.1

 Accounts
 receivable (net of allowance for uncollectibles of $16.1 and $13.0, respectively)

 344.7

 480.5

 Investment
 in cash pool, affiliated company

 60.6

 —

 Accounts
 receivable, affiliated companies

 2.5

 1.8

 Fuel stocks

 110.9

 102.7

 Materials
 and supplies

 40.2

 40.1

 Prepaid
 taxes other than income taxes

 48.0

 45.7

 Regulatory
 assets (net)

 62.5

 —

 Other

 35.2

 6.5

 Total
 current assets

 715.5

 692.4

 Investments
 and Other Assets

 Regulatory
 assets (net)

 389.0

 154.3

 Receivable,
 affiliated company

 150.5

 154.7

 Other

 127.5

 144.0

 Total
 investments and other assets

 667.0

 453.0

 Utility
 Plant

 Plant in
 service

 Electric

 4,060.2

 3,891.1

 Gas

 1,148.3

 1,116.7

 Common

 444.6

 416.0

 Total plant
 in service

 5,653.1

 5,423.8

 Accumulated
 depreciation

 (1,994.7

 )

 (1,923.8

 )

 Net plant in
 service

 3,658.4

 3,500.0

 Construction
 work in progress

 97.1

 93.9

 Plant held
 for future use

 2.7

 2.8

 Net utility
 plant

 3,758.2

 3,596.7

 Total
 Assets

 $

 5,140.7

 $

 4,742.1

See Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements.

75

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS

Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Subsidiaries

 At December 31,

 2006

 2005

 (In millions)

 Liabilities and Equity

 Current Liabilities

 Current portion of long-term debt

 $

 258.3

 $

 469.6

 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

 187.3

 169.7

 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, affiliated
 companies

 163.4

 152.8

 Borrowing from cash pool, affiliated company

 —

 3.2

 Customer deposits

 71.4

 65.1

 Current portion of deferred income taxes

 47.4

 9.6

 Accrued taxes

 18.8

 35.5

 Accrued expenses and other

 79.5

 70.0

 Total current liabilities

 826.1

 975.5

 Deferred Credits and Other Liabilities

 Deferred income taxes

 697.7

 608.9

 Payable, affiliated company

 250.7

 277.7

 Deferred investment tax credits

 13.5

 15.1

 Other

 14.0

 19.0

 Total deferred credits and other liabilities

 975.9

 920.7

 Long-term Debt

 First refunding mortgage bonds of BGE

 244.5

 342.8

 Other long-term debt of BGE

 1,214.5

 861.5

 6.20% deferrable interest subordinated debentures due
 October 15, 2043 to wholly owned BGE Capital Trust II relating to trust
 preferred securities

 257.7

 257.7

 Long-term debt of nonregulated business

 25.0

 25.0

 Unamortized discount and premium

 (2.9

 )

 (2.3

 )

 Current portion of long-term debt

 (258.3

 )

 (469.6

 )

 Total long-term debt

 1,480.5

 1,015.1

 Minority Interest

 16.7

 18.3

 Preference Stock Not Subject to Mandatory
 Redemption

 190.0

 190.0

 Common Shareholder’s Equity

 Common stock

 912.2

 912.2

 Retained earnings

 738.6

 709.6

 Accumulated other comprehensive income

 0.7

 0.7

 Total common shareholder’s equity

 1,651.5

 1,622.5

 Commitments, Guarantees, and Contingencies (see
 Note 12)

 Total
 Liabilities and Equity

 $

 5,140.7

 $

 4,742.1

See Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements.

76

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS

Baltimore Gas and Electric Company and Subsidiaries

 Year Ended December 31,

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions)

 Cash Flows From Operating Activities

 Net income

 $

 170.3

 $

 189.0

 $

 166.3

 Adjustments to reconcile
 to net cash provided by operating activities

 Depreciation and amortization

 241.1

 250.5

 260.9

 Deferred income taxes

 126.6

 (0.9

 )

 34.9

 Investment tax credit adjustments

 (1.7

 )

 (1.8

 )

 (1.8

 )

 Deferred fuel costs

 (348.5

 )

 (11.9

 )

 6.0

 Defined benefit plan expenses

 47.2

 37.8

 31.9

 Allowance for equity funds used during construction

 (3.7

 )

 (3.9

 )

 (2.0

 )

 Changes in

 Accounts receivable

 135.8

 (98.7

 )

 (27.0

 )

 Receivables, affiliated companies

 (0.7

 )

 (0.8

 )

 3.5

 Materials, supplies, and fuel stocks

 (8.2

 )

 (21.7

 )

 (28.4

 )

 Other current assets

 (31.0

 )

 (0.5

 )

 1.0

 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities

 17.6

 44.3

 24.2

 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities, affiliated
 companies

 10.6

 6.7

 (5.6

 )

 Other current liabilities

 (0.9

 )

 12.0

 (10.3

 )

 Long-term receivables and payables, affiliated
 companies

 (70.1

 )

 (42.9

 )

 (52.0

 )

 Other

 (27.5

 )

 (37.4

 )

 (30.2

 )

 Net cash provided by operating activities

 256.9

 319.8

 371.4

 Cash Flows From Investing Activities

 Utility construction expenditures (excluding equity
 portion of allowance for funds used during construction)

 (320.6

 )

 (270.5

 )

 (246.4

 )

 Change in cash pool at parent

 (63.8

 )

 131.1

 102.3

 Sales of investments and other assets

 (0.4

 )

 11.0

 4.9

 Other

 10.3

 (10.4

 )

 2.7

 Net cash used in investing activities

 (374.5

 )

 (138.8

 )

 (136.5

 )

 Cash Flows From Financing Activities

 Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt

 700.0

 —

 —

 Repayment of long-term debt

 (445.3

 )

 (41.6

 )

 (149.8

 )

 Preference stock dividends paid

 (13.2

 )

 (13.2

 )

 (13.2

 )

 Distribution to parent

 (128.1

 )

 (119.3

 )

 (74.7

 )

 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities

 113.4

 (174.1

 )

 (237.7

 )

 Net
 (Decrease) Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents

 (4.2

 )

 6.9

 (2.8

 )

 Cash and
 Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Year

 15.1

 8.2

 11.0

 Cash and
 Cash Equivalents at End of Year

 $

 10.9

 $

 15.1

 $

 8.2

 Other Cash Flow Information:

 Cash paid during the year for:

 Interest (net of amounts capitalized)

 $

 87.2

 $

 88.6

 $

 95.5

 Income taxes

 $

 18.7

 $

 123.3

 $

 80.7

See Notes
to Consolidated Financial Statements.

77

Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements

1 

Significant Accounting
Policies

Nature of Our
Business

Constellation
Energy Group, Inc. (Constellation Energy) is an energy company that
conducts its business through various subsidiaries including a merchant energy
business and Baltimore Gas and Electric Company (BGE). Our merchant energy
business is a competitive provider of energy solutions for a variety of
customers. BGE is a regulated electric transmission and distribution utility
company and a regulated gas distribution utility company with a service
territory that covers the City of Baltimore and all or part of ten counties in
central Maryland. We describe our operating segments in Note 3.

This report is a combined report of Constellation Energy and BGE. References
in this report to “we” and “our” are to Constellation Energy and its
subsidiaries. References in this report to the “regulated business(es)” are to
BGE.

Termination of
Merger Agreement with 
FPL Group, Inc.

On October 24, 2006, Constellation Energy and FPL Group, Inc.
(FPL Group) agreed to terminate the Agreement and Plan of Merger the parties
had entered into on December 18, 2005.
We discuss the terminated merger in more detail in Note 15.

Consolidation
Policy

We use three different accounting methods to report our investments in
our subsidiaries or other companies: consolidation, the equity method, and the
cost method.

Consolidation

We use consolidation for two types of entities:

¨
  subsidiaries (other than variable interest entities)
in which we own a majority of the voting stock, and

¨
  variable interest entities (VIEs) for which we are
the primary beneficiary. Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB)
Interpretation No. (FIN) 46R, 
Consolidation
of Variable Interest Entities, requires us to use consolidation when
we are the primary beneficiary of a VIE, which means that we have a controlling
financial interest in a VIE. We discuss our investments in VIEs in more detail
in 
Note 4.

Consolidation means that we combine the accounts of these entities with
our accounts. Therefore, our consolidated financial statements include our
accounts, the accounts of our majority-owned subsidiaries that are not
VIEs, and the accounts of VIEs for which we are the primary beneficiary. We
have not consolidated any entities for which we do not have a controlling
voting interest. We eliminate all intercompany balances and transactions when
we consolidate these accounts.

The Equity
Method

We usually use the equity method to report investments, corporate joint
ventures, partnerships, and affiliated companies (including qualifying
facilities and power projects) where we hold a 20% to 50% voting interest.
Under the equity method, we report:

¨
  our interest in the entity as an investment in our
Consolidated Balance Sheets, and

¨
  our percentage share of the earnings from the entity
in our Consolidated Statements of Income.

The only time we do not use this method is if we can exercise control
over the operations and policies of the company. If we have control, accounting
rules require us to use consolidation.

The Cost Method

We usually use the cost method if we hold less than a 20% voting
interest in an investment. Under the cost method, we report our investment at
cost in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The only time we do not use this
method is when we can exercise significant influence over the operations and
policies of the company. If we have significant influence, accounting rules require
us to use the equity method.

Sale of
Subsidiary Stock

We may sell portions of our ownership interests through public
offerings of a subsidiary’s stock. We record any gains or losses on public
offerings in our Consolidated Statements of Income, as a component of
non-operating income.

Regulation of
Electric and Gas Business

The Maryland
Public Service Commission (Maryland PSC) and the Federal Energy Regulatory
Commission (FERC) provide the final determination of the rates we charge our
customers for our regulated businesses. Generally, we use the same accounting
policies and practices used by nonregulated companies for financial reporting
under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America.
However, sometimes the Maryland PSC or the FERC orders an accounting treatment
different from that used by nonregulated companies to determine the rates we
charge our customers.

When this
happens, we must defer (include as an asset or liability in our, and BGE’s,
Consolidated Balance Sheets and exclude from our, and BGE’s, Consolidated
Statements of Income) certain regulated business expenses and income as
regulatory assets and liabilities. We have recorded these regulatory assets and
liabilities in our, and BGE’s, Consolidated Balance Sheets in accordance with
Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 71, Accounting for the Effects of Certain Types of
Regulation.

We summarize and discuss our regulatory assets and liabilities further
in Note 6.

Use of Accounting
Estimates

Management makes estimates and assumptions when preparing financial
statements under accounting principles generally 

78

accepted in the United States of America. These estimates and
assumptions affect various matters, including:

¨
  our reported amounts of revenues and expenses in our
Consolidated Statements of Income during the reporting periods,

¨
  our reported amounts of assets and liabilities in our
Consolidated Balance Sheets at the dates of the financial statements, and

¨
  our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the dates of the financial statements.

These estimates involve judgments with respect to numerous factors that
are difficult to predict and are beyond management’s control. As a result,
actual amounts could materially differ from these estimates.

Reclassifications

We have reclassified certain prior-year amounts for comparative
purposes. These reclassifications primarily relate to operations that have been
classified as discontinued operations in the current year and did not affect
consolidated net income for the years presented.

Revenues

Accrual
Accounting

We record
revenues from the sale of energy, energy-related products, and energy
services under the accrual method of accounting in the period when we deliver
energy commodities or products, render services, or settle contracts. We use
accrual accounting for our merchant energy and other nonregulated business
transactions, including the generation or purchase and sale of electricity,
gas, and coal as part of our physical delivery activities and for power, gas,
and coal sales contracts that are not subject to mark-to-market accounting. Sales
contracts that are eligible for accrual accounting include non-derivative
transactions and derivatives that qualify for and are designated as normal
purchases and normal sales of commodities that will be physically delivered. We
record accrual revenues, including settlements with independent system
operators, on a gross basis because we are a principal to the transaction and
otherwise meet the requirements of Emerging Issues Task Force (EITF) 03-11,
Reporting Gains and Losses on Derivative
Instruments That Are Subject to FASB Statement No. 133, Accounting for
Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities, and Not Held for Trading
Purposes, and EITF 99-19, 
Reporting
Revenue Gross as a Principal versus Net as an Agent.

We may make or
receive cash payments at the time we assume a power sale agreement for which
the contract price differs from current market prices. We recognize the cash
payment at inception in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as an “Unamortized
energy contract” asset or liability. We amortize these assets and liabilities
into revenues based on the expected cash flows provided by the contracts.

During 2006 and 2005, we terminated or restructured in-the-money
contracts in exchange for upfront cash payments and a reduction or cancellation
of future performance obligations. The termination or restructuring of
contracts allowed us to lower our exposure to performance risk under these
contracts, and resulted in the realization of $56.7 million of pre-tax earnings
in 2006 and $77.0 million of pre-tax earnings in 2005 that would have
been recognized over the life of these contracts.

Mark-to-Market
Accounting

We record
revenues using the mark-to-market method of accounting for derivative contracts
for which we are not permitted to use accrual accounting or hedge accounting.
We discuss our use of hedge accounting in the Derivatives
and Hedging Activities section later in this Note. These
mark-to-market activities include derivative contracts for energy and other
energy-related commodities. Under the mark-to-market method of
accounting, we record the fair value of these derivatives as mark-to-market
energy assets and liabilities at the time of contract execution. Our wholesale
marketing, risk management, and trading operation records changes in
mark-to-market energy assets and liabilities on a net basis in “Nonregulated
revenues” in our Consolidated Statements of Income. Our retail competitive
supply operation records changes in sale contracts accounted for as
mark-to-market in “Nonregulated revenues” in our Consolidated Statements of
Income.

Mark-to-market
energy assets and liabilities consist of derivative contracts. While some of
these contracts represent commodities or instruments for which prices are
available from external sources, other commodities and certain contracts are
not actively traded and are valued using modeling techniques to determine
expected future market prices, contract quantities, or both. The market prices
and quantities used to determine fair value reflect management’s best estimate
considering various factors, including closing exchange and over-the-counter
quotations, time value, and volatility factors. However, future market prices
and actual quantities will vary from those used in recording mark-to-market
energy assets and liabilities, and it is possible that such variations could be
material.

Mark-to-market revenues include:

¨
  gains or losses on new transactions at origination to
the extent permitted by applicable accounting rules,

¨
  unrealized gains and losses from changes in the fair
value of open contracts,

¨
  net gains and losses from realized transactions, and

¨
  changes in valuation adjustments.

Origination
gains, which are included in mark-to-market revenues, arise
primarily from contracts that our wholesale marketing, risk management, and
trading operation structures to meet the risk management needs of our
customers. Transactions that result in origination gains may be unique and
provide the potential for individually significant gains from a single
transaction.

Origination gains represent the initial fair value recognized on these
structured transactions. The recognition of origination gains is dependent on
the existence of observable market data that validates the initial fair value
of the contract. Origination gains were:

¨
  $13.5 million pre-tax in 2006,

¨
  $61.6 million pre-tax in 2005, and

¨
  $19.7 million pre-tax in 2004.

Origination gains arose primarily from:

¨
  3 transactions completed in
2006, of which no transaction contributed in excess of $10 million pre-tax,

79

¨
  6 transactions completed in 2005, one of which
contributed approximately $35 million pre-tax, and

¨
  7 transactions completed in
2004, of which no transaction contributed in excess of $10 million pre-tax.

Valuation
Adjustments

We record
valuation adjustments to reflect uncertainties associated with certain
estimates inherent in the determination of the fair value of mark-to-market
energy assets and liabilities. To the extent possible, we utilize market-based
data together with quantitative methods for both measuring the uncertainties
for which we record valuation adjustments and determining the level of such
adjustments and changes in those levels.

We describe below the main types of valuation adjustments we record and
the process for establishing each. Generally, increases in valuation
adjustments reduce our earnings, and decreases in valuation adjustments
increase our earnings. However, all or a portion of the effect on earnings of
changes in valuation adjustments may be offset by changes in the value of the
underlying positions.

¨
  Close-out adjustment—represents the estimated cost to
close out or sell to a third-party open mark-to-market positions. This
valuation adjustment has the effect of valuing “long” positions (the purchase
of a commodity) at the bid price and “short” positions (the sale of a
commodity) at the offer price. We compute this adjustment based on our estimate
of the bid/offer spread for each commodity and option price and the absolute
quantity of our net open positions for each year. The level of total close-out
valuation adjustments increases as we have larger unhedged positions, bid-offer
spreads increase, or market information is not available, and it decreases as
we reduce our unhedged positions, bid-offer spreads decrease, or market
information becomes available. To the extent that we are not able to obtain
observable market information for similar contracts, the close-out adjustment
is equivalent to the initial contract margin, thereby recording no gain or loss
at inception. In the absence of observable market information, there is a
presumption that the transaction price is equal to the market value of the
contract, and therefore we do not recognize a gain or loss at inception. We
recognize such gains or losses in earnings as we realize cash flows under the
contract or when observable market data becomes available.

¨
  Credit-spread adjustment—for
risk management purposes we compute the value of our mark-to-market energy
assets and liabilities using a risk-free discount rate. In order to compute
fair value for financial reporting purposes, we adjust the value of our
mark-to-market energy assets to reflect the credit-worthiness of each
customer (counterparty) based upon either published credit ratings, or
equivalent internal credit ratings and associated default probability
percentages. We compute this adjustment by applying the appropriate default
probability percentage to our outstanding credit exposure, net of collateral,
for each counterparty. The level of this adjustment increases as our credit exposure
to counterparties increases, the maturity terms of our transactions increase,
or the credit ratings of our counterparties deteriorate, and it decreases when
our credit exposure to counterparties decreases, the maturity terms of our
transactions decrease, or the credit ratings of our counterparties improve.

Financial
Statement Presentation

Certain transactions entered into under master agreements and other
arrangements provide our wholesale competitive supply operation with a right of
setoff in the event of bankruptcy or default by the counterparty. We report
such transactions net in our Consolidated Balance Sheets in accordance with
FASB Interpretation No. 39, Offsetting
of Amounts Related to Certain Contracts.

Equity in
Earnings

We include equity in earnings from our investments in qualifying
facilities and power projects in “Nonregulated revenues” in our Consolidated
Statements of Income in the period they are earned.

Fuel and Purchased
Energy Expenses

We incur costs for:

¨
  the fuel we use to generate electricity,

¨
  purchases of electricity from others, and

¨
  natural gas and coal that we resell.

These costs are
included in “Fuel and purchased energy expenses” in our Consolidated Statements
of Income. We discuss certain of these separately below. We also include
certain non-fuel direct costs, such as ancillary services, transmission costs,
and brokerage fees in “Fuel and purchased energy expenses” in our Consolidated
Statements of Income.

Our retail competitive supply operation records changes in purchase
contracts accounted for as mark-to-market in “Fuel and purchased energy
expenses” in our Consolidated Statements of Income.

Fuel Used to
Generate Electricity and Purchases of 

Electricity

Nonregulated
Businesses 

We assemble a
variety of power supply resources, including baseload, intermediate, and
peaking plants that we own, as well as a variety of power supply contracts that
may have similar characteristics, in order to enable us to meet our customers’
energy requirements, which vary on an hourly basis. The amount of power
purchased depends on a number of factors, including the capacity and
availability of our power plants, the level of customer demand, and the
relative economics of generating power versus purchasing power from the spot
market.

We also have
acquired contracts and certain power purchase agreements that qualify as
operating leases. Under these operating leases, we record fuel and purchased
energy expense as we make fixed capacity payments, as well as variable payments
based on the actual output of the plants.

80

We may make or receive cash payments at the time we acquire a contract
or assume a power purchase agreement when the contract price differs from
market prices at closing. We recognize the cash payment or receipt at inception
in our Consolidated Balance Sheets as an “Unamortized energy contract” asset
(payment) or liability (receipt). We amortize these assets and liabilities into
fuel and purchased energy expenses based on the expected cash flows provided by
the contracts.

Regulated
Electric 

BGE is obligated
to provide market-based standard offer service to residential and small
commercial customers for the indefinite future, and for large commercial and
industrial customers for varying periods beyond June 30, 2004, depending
on customer load. The Provider of Last Resort (POLR) rates charged during these
time periods will recover BGE’s wholesale power supply costs and include an
administrative fee. The administrative fee includes a shareholder return
component and an incremental cost component. Pursuant to Senate Bill 1, the
energy legislation enacted in Maryland in June 2006, collection of the
shareholder return component of the administrative fee for residential POLR
service will be suspended beginning January 1, 2007 for a 10-year
period.

In accordance
with the POLR settlement agreement approved by the Maryland PSC, BGE defers the
difference between certain of its actual costs related to the electric
commodity and what it collects from customers under the commodity charge in a
given period. BGE either bills or refunds its customers the difference in the
future. In addition, Senate Bill 1 imposed a 15% rate cap for BGE
residential electric customers from July 1, 2006 until May 31, 2007.
We discuss this in more detail in Note 6.

BGE’s obligation to provide market-based standard offer service
to its largest commercial and industrial customers expired May 31, 2005.
BGE continues to provide an hourly priced market-based standard offer
service to those customers.

Regulated Gas 

BGE charges its gas customers for the natural gas they purchase from
BGE using “gas cost adjustment clauses” set by the Maryland PSC. Under these
clauses, BGE defers the difference between certain of its actual costs related
to the gas commodity and what it collects from customers under the commodity
charge in a given period. BGE either bills or refunds its customers the
difference in the future. The Maryland PSC approved a modification of the gas
cost adjustment clauses to provide a market-based rates incentive
mechanism. Under the market-based rates incentive mechanism, BGE’s actual
cost of gas is compared to a market index (a measure of the market price of gas
in a given period). The difference between BGE’s actual cost and the market
index is shared equally between shareholders and customers. Effective November 2001,
the Maryland PSC approved a settlement that modifies certain provisions of the
market-based rates incentive mechanism. These provisions require that BGE
secure fixed-price contracts for at least 10%, but not more than 20%, of
forecasted system supply requirements for the November through March period.
These fixed-price contracts are not subject to sharing under the market-based
rates incentive mechanism.

Derivatives and Hedging Activities

We are exposed to market risk, including changes in interest rates and
the impact of market fluctuations in the price and transportation costs of
electricity, natural gas, and other commodities as discussed further in Note 13. In order to manage these
risks, we use both derivative and non-derivative contracts that may provide for
settlement in cash or by delivery of a commodity, including:

¨
  forward
contracts, which commit us to purchase or sell energy commodities in the
future,

¨
  futures
contracts, which are exchange-traded standardized commitments to purchase
or sell a commodity or financial instrument, or to make a cash settlement, at a
specific price and future date,

¨
  swap
agreements, which require payments to or from counterparties based upon the
differential between two prices for a predetermined contractual (notional)
quantity, and

¨
  option
contracts, which convey the right to buy or sell a commodity, financial
instrument, or index at a predetermined price.

SFAS No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities, as amended, requires that we recognize at fair value all
derivatives not qualifying for accrual accounting under the normal purchase and
normal sale exception. We record derivatives that are designated as hedges in “Risk
management assets or liabilities” and derivatives not designated as hedges in “Mark-to-market
energy assets or liabilities” in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.

We record
changes in the value of derivatives that are not designated as cash-flow hedges
in earnings during the period of change. We record changes in the fair value of
derivatives designated as cash-flow hedges that are effective in offsetting the
variability in cash flows of forecasted transactions in other comprehensive
income until the forecasted transactions occur. At the time the forecasted
transactions occur, we reclassify the amounts recorded in other comprehensive
income into earnings. We record the ineffective portion of changes in the fair
value of derivatives used as cash-flow hedges immediately in earnings.

81

We summarize our cash-flow hedging activities
under SFAS No. 133 and the income statement classification of amounts
reclassified from “Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)” as follows:

 Risk

 Derivative

 Income Statement
 Classification

 Interest rate risk associated
 with new debt issuances

 Interest rate swaps

 Interest expense

 Interest rate risk associated
 with variable-rate debt

 Interest rate swaps

 Interest expense

 Nonregulated energy sales

 Futures and forward contracts

 Nonregulated revenues

 Nonregulated fuel and energy
 purchases

 Futures and forward contracts

 Fuel and purchased energy expenses

 Nonregulated gas purchases for
 resale

 Futures and forward contracts and price and basis swaps

 Fuel and purchased energy expenses

 Regulated gas purchases for
 resale

 Price and basis swaps

 Fuel and purchased energy expenses

 Regulated electricity
 purchases for resale

 Price and basis swaps

 Fuel and purchased energy expenses

We designate certain derivatives as fair
value hedges. We record changes in the fair value of these derivatives and
changes in the fair value of the hedged assets or liabilities in earnings as
the changes occur. We summarize our fair value hedging activities and the
income statement classification of changes in the fair value of these hedges and
the related hedged items as follows:

 Risk

 Derivative

 Income Statement
 Classification

 Optimize mix of fixed and floating-rate debt

 Interest rate swaps

 Interest expense

 Value of natural gas in storage

 Forward contracts and price and basis swaps

 Nonregulated revenues and Fuel and purchased energy expenses

We record changes in the fair value of interest rate swaps and the debt
being hedged in “Risk management assets and liabilities” and “Long-term debt”
and changes in the fair value of the gas being hedged and related derivatives
in “Fuel stocks” and “Risk management assets and liabilities” in our
Consolidated Balance Sheets. In addition, we record the difference between
interest on hedged fixed-rate debt and floating-rate swaps in “Interest expense”
in the periods that the swaps settle.

Unamortized Energy Assets and Liabilities

Unamortized energy contract assets and liabilities represent the
remaining unamortized balance of non-derivative energy contracts that we
acquired or derivatives designated as normal purchases and normal sales that we
had previously recorded as “Mark-to-market energy assets or liabilities” or “Risk
management assets and liabilities.” The initial amount recorded represents the
fair value of the contract at the time of acquisition or designation, and the
balance is amortized over the life of the contract in relation to the present
value of the underlying cash flows. The amortization of these values is
discussed in the Revenues and 
Fuel and Purchased Energy Expenses
sections of this Note.

Credit Risk

Credit risk is
the loss that may result from counterparty non-performance. We are exposed to
credit risk, primarily through our merchant energy business. We use credit
policies to manage our credit risk, including utilizing an established credit
approval process, daily monitoring of counterparty limits, employing credit
mitigation measures such as margin, collateral or prepayment arrangements, and
using master netting agreements. We measure credit risk as the replacement cost
for open energy commodity and derivative positions (both mark-to-market and
accrual) plus amounts owed from counterparties for settled transactions. The
replacement cost of open positions represents unrealized gains, less any
unrealized losses where we have a legally enforceable right of setoff.

Electric and gas utilities, municipalities, cooperatives, generation
owners, and energy marketers comprise the majority of counterparties underlying
our assets from our wholesale marketing and risk management activities. We held
cash collateral from these counterparties totaling $252.6 million as of December 31,
2006 and $388.4 million as of December 31, 2005. These amounts are
included in “Customer deposits and collateral” in our Consolidated Balance
Sheets.

Taxes

We summarize our income taxes in Note 10.
BGE and our other subsidiaries record their allocated share of our consolidated
federal income tax liability using the percentage complementary method
specified in U.S. income tax regulations. As you read this section, it may be
helpful to refer to 
Note 10.

Income Tax
Expense

We have two categories of income tax expense—current and deferred. We
describe each of these below:

¨
  current
income tax expense consists solely of regular tax less applicable tax credits,
and

¨
  deferred
income tax expense is equal to the changes in the net deferred income tax
liability, excluding amounts charged or credited to accumulated other
comprehensive income. Our deferred income tax expense is increased or reduced
for changes to the “Income taxes recoverable 

82

through future rates (net)” regulatory asset (described below) during
the year.

Tax Credits

We have
deferred the investment tax credits associated with our regulated business and
assets previously held by our regulated business in our Consolidated Balance
Sheets. The investment tax credits are amortized evenly to income over the life
of each property. We reduce current income tax expense in our Consolidated
Statements of Income for the investment tax credits and other tax credits
associated with our nonregulated businesses.

We have certain investments in facilities that manufacture solid
synthetic fuel produced from coal as defined under the Internal Revenue Code
for which we claim tax credits on our Federal income tax return. We recognize
the tax benefit of these credits in our Consolidated Statements of Income when
we believe it is highly probable that the credits will be sustained.

Deferred Income
Tax Assets and Liabilities

We must report
some of our revenues and expenses differently for our financial statements than
for income tax return purposes. The tax effects of the temporary differences in
these items are reported as deferred income tax assets or liabilities in our
Consolidated Balance Sheets. We measure the deferred income tax assets and
liabilities using income tax rates that are currently in effect.

A portion of our total deferred income tax liability relates to our
regulated business, but has not been reflected in the rates we charge our
customers. We refer to this portion of the liability as “Income taxes
recoverable through future rates (net).” We have recorded that portion of the
net liability as a regulatory asset in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We
discuss this further in Note 6.

State and Local
Taxes

State and local
income taxes are included in “Income taxes” in our Consolidated Statements of
Income.

BGE also pays Maryland public service company franchise tax on
distribution, and delivery of electricity and natural gas. We include the
franchise tax in “Taxes other than income taxes” in our Consolidated Statements
of Income.

Earnings Per Share

Basic earnings
per common share (EPS) is computed by dividing earnings applicable to common
stock by the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding for the
year. Diluted EPS reflects the potential dilution of common stock equivalent
shares that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock
were exercised or converted into common stock.

Our dilutive common stock equivalent shares
consist of stock options and other stock-based compensation awards. The
following table presents stock options that were not dilutive and were excluded
from the computation of diluted EPS in each period, as well as the dilutive
common stock equivalent shares as follows:

 Year Ended December 31,

 2006

 2005

 2004

 (In millions)

 Non-dilutive stock options

 —

 0.1

 —

 Dilutive common stock equivalent shares

 2.0

 2.2

 1.0

Stock-Based Compensation

Under our
long-term incentive plans, we have granted stock options, performance-based
units, performance and service-based restricted stock, and equity to
officers, key employees, and members of the Board of Directors. We discuss
these awards in more detail in Note 14.

We elected to
early adopt SFAS No. 123 Revised (SFAS No. 123R), Share-Based Payment, on October 1,
2005, which was prior to the required effective date of January 1, 2006.
SFAS No. 123R requires companies to recognize compensation expense for all
equity-based compensation awards issued to employees that are expected to
vest. Equity-based compensation awards include stock options, restricted
stock, and any other share-based payments. We recognized a small,
favorable cumulative effect of change in accounting principle of
$0.2 million after-tax due to the requirement to reduce compensation
expense for estimated forfeitures relating to outstanding unvested service-based
restricted stock awards and performance-based unit awards at October 1,
2005.

Under SFAS No. 123R, we recognize compensation cost ratably or in
tranches (depending if the award has cliff or graded vesting) over the period
during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the
award, which is typically a one to five-year period. We use a forfeiture
assumption to estimate the number of awards that are expected to vest during
the service period, and ultimately true-up the estimated expense to the actual
expense associated with vested awards. We estimate the fair value of stock
option awards on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model and we remeasure the fair value of liability awards each reporting
period. The following table presents the pro-forma effect on net income and
earnings per share for all outstanding stock options and stock awards in each
period that the fair value provisions of SFAS No. 123R were not in effect.
We do not capitalize any portion of our stock-based compensation.

83

 Year Ended December 31,

 2005

 2004

 (In millions, except
 per share amounts)

 Net income, as reported

 $

 623.1

 $

 539.7

 Add: Actual stock-based compensation expense determined under
 intrinsic value method and included in reported net income, net of related
 tax effects

 17.8

 *

 13.2

 Deduct: Pro-forma stock-based compensation expense
 determined under fair value based method for all awards, net of related tax
 effects

 (24.5

 )*

 (21.3

 )

 Pro-forma net income

 $

 616.4

 $

 531.6

 Earnings per share:

 Basic—as
 reported

 $

 3.51

 $

 3.14

 Basic—pro-forma

 $

 3.47

 $

 3.09

 Diluted—as
 reported

 $

 3.47

 $

 3.12

 Diluted—pro-forma

 $

 3.43

 $

 3.07

* Represents expense for the nine months
ended September 30, 2005, which was prior to adoption of SFAS No. 123R

Cash and Cash Equivalents

All highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months
or less are considered cash equivalents.

Accounts Receivable and Allowance for
Uncollectibles

Accounts receivable, which includes cash collateral posted in our
margin account with a third-party broker, are stated at the historical carrying
amount net of write-offs and allowance for uncollectibles. We establish an
allowance for uncollectibles based on our expected exposure to the credit risk
of customers based on a variety of factors.

Materials, Supplies, and Fuel Stocks

We record our fuel stocks, emissions credits, coal held for resale, and
materials and supplies at the lower of cost or market. We determine cost using
the average cost method for all of our inventory other than our coal held for
resale for which we use the specific identification method.

Financial Investments

In Note 4, we summarize the financial
investments that are in our Consolidated Balance Sheets.

SFAS No. 115, Accounting for
Certain Investments in Debt and Equity Securities, applies
particular requirements to some of our investments in debt and equity securities.
We report those investments at fair value, and we use either specific
identification or average cost to determine their cost for computing realized
gains or losses.

Available-for-Sale
Securities

We classify our
investments in the nuclear decommissioning trust funds as available-for-sale
securities. We describe the nuclear decommissioning trusts and the related
asset retirement obligations later in this Note. In addition, we have
investments in marketable equity securities and trust assets securing certain
executive benefits that are classified as available-for-sale securities.

We include any unrealized gains or losses on our available-for-sale
securities in “Accumulated other comprehensive income” in our Consolidated
Statements of Common Shareholders’ Equity and Comprehensive Income and
Consolidated Statements of Capitalization.

Evaluation of Assets for Impairment and Other
Than Temporary Decline in Value

Long-Lived
Assets

We are required
to evaluate certain assets that have long lives (for example, generating
property and equipment and real estate) to determine if they are impaired when
certain conditions exist. SFAS No. 144, Accounting
for the Impairment or Disposal of Long-Lived Assets, provides the
accounting requirements for impairments of long-lived assets and proved gas