We operate in a complex market and regulatory environment that involves significant risks, many of which are beyond our direct control. Such risks, which could negatively affect our consolidated financial statements, fall primarily under the categories below:

Risks related to market and financial factors
 primarily include:

•
the price of fuels, in particular the price of natural gas, which affects power prices,

•
the generation resources in the markets in which we operate,

•
our ability to operate our generating assets, our ability to access capital markets, and the impacts on our results of operations due to the global outbreak (pandemic) of the 2019 novel coronavirus (COVID-19),

•
the impacts of on-going competition, and

•
emerging technologies and business models, including those related to climate change mitigation and transition to a low carbon economy.

Risks related to legislative, regulatory, and legal factors
 primarily include changes to, and compliance with, the laws and regulations that govern:

•
the design of power markets,

•
the renewal of permits and operating licenses,

•
environmental and climate policy, including ZEC and CMC programs, and

•
tax policy.

Risks related to operational factors
 primarily include:

28

Table of Contents

•
changes in the global climate could produce extreme weather events, which could put our facilities at risk, and such changes could also affect the levels and patterns of demand for energy and related services,

•
the safe, secure and effective operation of our nuclear facilities and the ability to effectively manage the associated decommissioning obligations,

•
the ability of energy transmission and distribution companies to maintain the reliability, resiliency and safety of their energy delivery systems, which could affect our ability to deliver energy to our customers and affect our operating costs, and

•
physical and cyber security risks for us as an owner-operator of generation facilities and as a participant in commodities trading.

Risks related to our separation from Exelon
 primarily include:

•
challenges to achieving the benefits of separation, including limited business diversification, loss of economies of scale in sourcing goods and services, and the need to replicate certain services provided by Exelon (such as treasury, finance, human resources, investor relations, legal, information technology, security, and supply), which will require additional resources and expense,

•
performance by Exelon and us under the transaction agreements, including indemnification responsibilities tied to the allocation of businesses and liabilities, and

•
limitations on future capital-raising or strategic transactions during the two-year period following the distribution arising from the need to protect the tax-free treatment of the distribution.

Risks related to our common stock
 primarily include:

•
following the separation, a trading market for our common stock will have only been initiated recently and our stock price may fluctuate significantly and

•
certain anti-takeover provisions in our charter and bylaws that could have the effect of delaying or discouraging an acquisition of our company or a change in our management.

Risks Related to Market and Financial Factors

We are exposed to price volatility associated with both the wholesale and retail power markets and the procurement of nuclear and fossil fuels.

We are exposed to commodity price risk for natural gas and the unhedged portion of our electricity generation supply portfolio. Our earnings and cash flows are therefore exposed to variability of spot and forward market prices in the markets in which we operate.

Price of Fuels.
 The spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the marginal cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. Thus, the market price of power is affected by the market price of the marginal fuel used to generate the electricity unit.

Cost of Fuel.
 We depend on nuclear fuel and fossil fuels to operate most of our generating facilities. The supply markets for nuclear fuel, natural gas and oil are subject to price fluctuations, availability restrictions, counterparty default, and geopolitical risk including the current Russia Ukraine conflict and United States sanctions against Russia.

Demand and Supply.
 The market price for electricity is also affected by changes in the demand for electricity and the available supply of electricity. Unfavorable economic conditions, milder than normal weather, and the growth of energy efficiency and demand response programs can depress demand. In addition, in some markets, the supply of electricity can exceed demand during some hours of the day, resulting in loss of revenue for base-load generating plants such as our nuclear plants. Conversely, new demand sources such as electrification of transportation could increase demand and change demand patterns.

29

Table of Contents

Retail Competition.
 Our retail operations compete for customers in a competitive environment, which affects the margins we can earn and the volumes we are able to serve. In periods of sustained low natural gas and power prices and low market volatility, retail competitors can aggressively pursue market share because the barriers to entry can be low and wholesale generators (including us) use their retail operations to hedge generation output.

The impact of sustained low market prices or depressed demand and over-supply could be emphasized given our concentration of base-load electric generating capacity within primarily two geographic market regions, namely the Midwest and the Mid-Atlantic. These impacts could adversely affect our ability to reduce debt and provide attractive shareholder returns. In addition, such conditions may no longer support the continued operation of certain generating facilities, which could adversely affect our financial statements primarily through accelerated depreciation and amortization expenses and one-time charges. See Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

Market Designs. 
The wholesale markets vary from region to region with distinct rules, practices and procedures. Changes in these market rules, problems with rule implementation, or failure of any of these markets could adversely affect our business. In addition, a significant decrease in market participation could affect market liquidity and have a detrimental effect on market stability. 

We are potentially affected by emerging technologies that could over time affect or transform the energy industry.

Advancements in power generation technology, including commercial and residential solar generation installations and commercial micro turbine installations, are improving the cost-effectiveness of customer self-supply of electricity. Improvements in energy storage technology, including batteries and fuel cells, could also better position customers to meet their around-the-clock electricity requirements. Improvements in energy efficiency of lighting, appliances, equipment and building materials will also affect energy consumption by customers. Changes in power generation, storage, and use technologies could have significant effects on customer behaviors and their energy consumption.

These developments could affect the price of energy, levels of customer-owned generation, customer expectations and current business models and make portions of our generation facilities uneconomic prior to the end of their useful lives. These technologies could also result in further declines in commodity prices or demand for delivered energy. Each of these factors could affect our consolidated financial statements through, among other things, reduced operating revenues, increased operating and maintenance expenses, increased capital expenditures, and potential asset impairment charges or accelerated depreciation and decommissioning expenses over shortened remaining asset useful lives.

Market performance and other factors could decrease the value of our NDT funds and employee benefit plan assets, which then could require significant additional funding.

Disruptions in the capital markets and their actual or perceived effects on particular businesses and the greater economy could adversely affect the value of the investments held within our NDTs and employee benefit plan trusts. We have significant obligations in these areas and hold substantial assets in these trusts to meet those obligations. The asset values are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which could fall below our projected return rates. A decline in the market value of the NDT fund investments could increase our funding requirements to decommission our nuclear plants. A decline in the market value of the pension and OPEB plan assets would increase the funding requirements associated with our pension and OPEB plan obligations. Additionally, our pension and OPEB plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. As interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially increasing benefit costs and funding requirements. Changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions or changes to Social Security or Medicare eligibility requirements could also increase the costs and funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and OPEB plans. See Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations and Note 15 — Retirement Benefits of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

We could be negatively affected by unstable capital and credit markets and increased volatility in commodity markets.

30

Table of Contents

We rely on the capital markets, particularly for publicly offered debt, as well as the banking and commercial paper markets, to meet our financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs. Disruptions in the capital and credit markets in the United States or abroad could negatively affect our ability to access the capital markets or draw on our bank revolving credit facilities. The banks may not be able to meet their funding commitments to us if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests within a short period of time. The inability to access capital markets or credit facilities, and longer-term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions could result in the deferral of discretionary capital expenditures, affect our ability to hedge effectively our generation portfolio, require changes to our hedging strategy in order to reduce collateral posting requirements, or require a reduction in discretionary uses of cash. In addition, we have exposure to worldwide financial markets, including Europe, Canada and Asia. Disruptions in these markets could reduce or restrict our ability to secure sufficient liquidity or secure liquidity at reasonable terms. As of December 31, 2021, approximately 26%, 19%, and 17% of our available credit facilities were with European, Canadian and Asian banks, respectively.

The strength and depth of competition in energy markets depend heavily on active participation by multiple trading parties, which could be negatively affected by disruptions in the capital and credit markets and legislative and regulatory initiatives that could affect participants in commodities transactions. Reduced capital and liquidity and failures of significant institutions that participate in the energy markets could diminish the liquidity and competitiveness of energy markets that are important to our business. Perceived weaknesses in the competitive strength of the energy markets could lead to pressures for greater regulation of those markets or attempts to replace market structures with other mechanisms for the sale of power, including the requirement of long-term contracts.

If we were to experience a downgrade in our credit ratings to below investment grade or otherwise fail to satisfy the credit standards in our agreements with our counterparties or regulatory financial requirements, we would be required to provide significant amounts of collateral that could affect our liquidity and we could experience higher borrowing costs.

Our business is subject to credit quality standards that could require market participants to post collateral for their obligations upon a decline in ratings. We are also subject to certain financial requirements under NRC regulations as a result of our operation of nuclear power plants that could require us to provide cash collateral or surety bonds if those requirements are not met. One or both events could adversely affect available liquidity and, in the case of a rating downgrade, borrowing and credit support costs.

See ITEM 7.MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS – Liquidity and Capital Resources – Credit Matters – Market Conditions and Security Ratings for additional information regarding the potential impacts of credit downgrades on our cash flows.

If we fail to meet project-specific financing agreement requirements, we could experience an impairment or loss of the financed project.

We have project-specific financing arrangements and must meet the requirements of various agreements relating to those financings. Failure to meet those arrangements could give rise to a project-specific financing default which, if not cured or waived, could result in the specific project being required to repay the associated debt or other borrowings earlier than otherwise anticipated, and if such repayment were not made, the lenders or security holders would generally have broad remedies, including rights to foreclose against the project assets and related collateral or to force our subsidiaries in the project-specific financings to enter into bankruptcy proceedings. The impact of bankruptcy could result in the impairment of certain project assets.

Our risk management policies cannot fully eliminate the risk associated with our commodity trading activities.

Our asset-based power position as well as our power marketing, fuel procurement and other commodity trading activities expose us to risks of commodity price movements. We buy and sell energy and other products and enter financial contracts to manage risk and hedge various positions in our power generation portfolio. We are exposed to volatility in financial results for unhedged positions as well as the risk of ineffective hedges. We attempt to manage this exposure through enforcement of established risk limits and risk management 

31

Table of Contents

procedures. These risk limits and risk management procedures may not work as planned and cannot eliminate all risks associated with these activities. Even when our policies and procedures are followed, and decisions are made based on projections and estimates of future performance, results of operations could be diminished if the judgments and assumptions underlying those decisions prove to be incorrect. Factors, such as future prices and demand for power, natural gas and other energy-related commodities, become more difficult to predict and the calculations become less reliable the further into the future estimates are made. As a result, we cannot predict the impact that our commodity trading activities and risk management decisions could have on our consolidated financial statements.

Financial performance and load requirements could be negatively affected if we are unable to effectively manage our power portfolio.

A significant portion of our power portfolio is used to provide power under procurement contracts with load serving entities and other customers. To the extent portions of the power portfolio are not needed for that purpose, our output is sold in the wholesale power markets. To the extent our power portfolio is not sufficient to meet the requirements of our customers under the related agreements, we must purchase power in the wholesale power markets. Our financial results could be negatively affected if we are unable to meet cost-effectively the load requirements of our customers, manage our power portfolio or effectively address the changes in the wholesale power markets. 

The impacts of significant economic downturns could lead to decreased volumes delivered and increased expense for uncollectible customer balances.

The impacts of significant economic downturns on our retail customers, such as less demand for products and services provided by commercial and industrial customers, could result in an increase in the number of uncollectible customer balances and related expense.

See ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK for additional information on our credit risk.

Our results were negatively affected by the impacts of COVID-19.

COVID-19 has disrupted economic activity in our markets and negatively affected our results of operations. The estimated impact of COVID-19 to our Net income was approximately $170 million for the year ended December 31, 2020 and was not material for the year ended December 31, 2021. We cannot predict the full extent of the impacts of COVID-19, which will depend on, among other things, the rate, and public perceptions of the effectiveness, of vaccinations and rate of resumption of business activity. In addition, any future widespread pandemic or other local or global health issue could adversely affect customer demand and our ability to operate our generation assets. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS – Executive Overview for additional information.

We could be negatively affected by the impacts of weather.

Our operations are affected by weather, which impacts demand for electricity and natural gas, the price of energy commodities, as well as operating conditions. To the extent that weather is warmer in the summer or colder in the winter than assumed, we could require greater resources to meet our contractual commitments. Extreme weather conditions or storms have affected the availability of generation and its transmission, limiting our ability to source or send power to where it is sold, and have also impaired the transportation of natural gas to our generating assets and our ability to supply natural gas to our customers. In addition, drought-like conditions limiting water usage could impact our ability to run certain generating assets at full capacity. These conditions, which cannot be accurately predicted, could cause us to seek additional capacity at a time when markets are weak.

Climate change projections suggest increases to summer temperature and humidity trends, as well as more erratic precipitation and storm patterns over the long-term in the areas where we have generation assets. The frequency in which weather conditions emerge outside the current expected climate norms could contribute to the weather-related impacts discussed above.

32

Table of Contents

Beginning on February 15, 2021, our Texas-based generating assets within the ERCOT market, specifically Colorado Bend II, Wolf Hollow II, and Handley, experienced periodic outages as a result of historically severe cold weather conditions. The estimated impact to our Net income arising from these market and weather conditions for the year ended December 31, 2021 was a reduction of approximately $800 million. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

Long-lived assets and other assets could become impaired.

Long-lived assets – principally, generation assets – represent the single largest asset class on our statement of financial position.

We evaluate the recoverability of the carrying value of long-lived assets to be held and used whenever events or circumstances indicating a potential impairment may exist. Factors such as, but not limited to, the business climate, including current and future energy and market conditions, environmental regulation, and the condition of assets are considered.

An impairment would require us to reduce the carrying value of the long-lived asset to fair value through a non-cash charge to expense by the amount of the impairment. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS – Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates, Note 8 — Property, Plant, and Equipment and Note 12 — Asset Impairments of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on long-lived asset impairments.

We could incur substantial costs in the event of non-performance by third-parties under indemnification agreements, or when we have guaranteed their performance. We are exposed to other credit risks in the power markets that are beyond our control.

We have entered into various agreements with counterparties that require those counterparties to reimburse us and hold us harmless against specified obligations and claims. To the extent that any of these counterparties are affected by deterioration in their creditworthiness or the agreements are otherwise determined to be unenforceable, we could be held responsible for the obligations.

We have issued indemnities to third parties regarding environmental or other matters in connection with purchases and sales of assets, including several of the Exelon utilities in connection with our absorption of their former generating assets. We could incur substantial costs to fulfill our obligations under these indemnities.

We have issued guarantees for the performance of third parties, which obligate us to perform if the third parties do not perform. In the event of non-performance by those third parties, we could incur substantial costs to fulfill their obligations under these guarantees.

In the bilateral markets, we are exposed to the risk that counterparties that owe us money or are obligated to purchase energy or fuel from us, will not perform under their obligations for operational or financial reasons. In the event the counterparties to these arrangements fail to perform, we could be forced to purchase or sell energy or fuel in the wholesale markets at less favorable prices and incur additional losses, to the extent amounts, if any, were already paid to the counterparties. In the spot markets, we are exposed to risk as a result of default sharing mechanisms that exist within certain markets, primarily RTOs and ISOs. We are also a party to agreements with entities in the energy sector that have experienced rating downgrades or other financial difficulties. In addition, our retail sales subject us to credit risk through competitive electricity and natural gas supply activities to serve commercial and industrial companies, governmental entities and residential customers. Retail credit risk results when customers default on their contractual obligations. This risk represents the loss that could be incurred due to the nonpayment of a customer’s account balance, as well as the loss from the resale of energy previously committed to serve the customer. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on the February 2021 extreme cold weather event and Texas-based generating asset outages. 

Risks Related to Legislative, Regulatory, and Legal Factors

Federal or state legislative or regulatory actions could negatively affect the scope and functioning of the wholesale markets.

33

Table of Contents

Approximately 65% of our generating resources, which include directly owned assets and capacity obtained through long-term contracts, are in the area encompassed by PJM. Our future results of operations are impacted by (1) FERC’s and PJM's level of support for policies that favor the preservation of competitive wholesale power markets and recognize the value of carbon-free electricity and resiliency and for states' energy objectives and policies and (2) the absence of material changes to market structures that would limit or otherwise negatively affect us. Market rules in other regions could affect us in a similar fashion. We could also be affected by state laws, regulations or initiatives to subsidize existing or new generation.

FERC’s requirements for market-based rate authority could pose a risk that we may no longer satisfy FERC’s tests for market-based rates. A loss of market-based rate authority would mean that we would sell power at cost-based rates.

Our business is highly regulated and could be negatively affected by legislative and/or regulatory actions.

Substantial aspects of our business are subject to comprehensive Federal or state legislation and/or regulation.

Our consolidated financial statements are significantly affected by our sales and purchases of commodities at market-based rates, as opposed to cost-based or other similarly regulated rates and Federal and state regulatory and legislative developments related to emissions, climate change, capacity market mitigation, energy price information, resilience, fuel diversity and RPS. Legislative and regulatory efforts in Illinois, New York and New Jersey to preserve the environmental attributes and reliability benefits of zero-emission nuclear-powered generating facilities through ZEC and CMC programs are or could be subject to legal and regulatory challenges and, if overturned, could result in the early retirement of certain of our nuclear plants. See Note 3 — Regulatory Matters and Note 7 — Early Plant Retirements of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

Fundamental changes in regulations or other adverse legislative actions affecting our business would require changes in our business planning models and operations. We cannot predict when or whether legislative and regulatory proposals could become law or what their effect would be.

NRC actions could negatively affect the operations and profitability of our nuclear generating fleet.

Regulatory risk.
 A change in the Atomic Energy Act or the applicable regulations or licenses could require a substantial increase in capital expenditures or could result in increased operating or decommissioning costs. Events at nuclear plants owned by others, as well as those owned by us, could cause the NRC to initiate such actions.

Spent nuclear fuel storage. 
The approval of a national repository for the storage of SNF and the timing of that facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with storage of SNF and the ultimate amounts received from the DOE to reimburse us for these costs.

Any regulatory action relating to the timing and availability of a repository for SNF could adversely affect our ability to decommission fully our nuclear units. We cannot predict whether a fee may be established or to what extent, in the future for SNF disposal. See Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

We could be subject to higher costs and/or penalties related to mandatory reliability standards.

We, as a user of the bulk power transmission system, are subject to mandatory reliability standards promulgated by NERC and enforced by FERC. The standards are based on the functions that need to be performed to ensure the bulk power system operates reliably and are guided by reliability and market interface principles. Compliance with or changes in the reliability standards could subject us to higher operating costs and/or increased capital expenditures. If we were found in non-compliance with the Federal and state mandatory reliability standards, we could be subject to remediation costs as well as sanctions, which could include substantial monetary penalties.

34

Table of Contents

We could incur substantial costs to fulfill our obligations related to environmental and other matters.

We are subject to extensive environmental regulation and legislation by local, state and Federal authorities. These laws and regulations affect the way we conduct our operations and make capital expenditures, including how we handle air and water emissions, hazardous and solid waste, and activities affecting surface waters, groundwater, and aquatic and other species. Violations of these requirements could subject us to enforcement actions, capital expenditures to bring existing facilities into compliance, additional operating costs for remediation and clean-up costs, civil penalties and exposure to third parties’ claims for alleged health or property damages or operating restrictions to achieve compliance. In addition, we are subject to liability under these laws for the remediation costs for environmental contamination of property now or formerly owned by us and of property contaminated by hazardous substances we generated or released. Also, we are currently involved in several proceedings relating to sites where hazardous substances have been deposited and could be subject to additional proceedings in the future. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS – Environmental Matters and Regulation and Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

We could be negatively affected by federal and state RPS and/or energy conservation legislation, along with energy conservation by customers.

Changes to current state legislation or the development of Federal legislation that requires the use of clean, renewable and alternate fuel sources could significantly impact us. The impact could include reduced use of some of our generating facilities with effects on our revenues and costs.

Federal and state legislation mandating the implementation of energy conservation programs and new energy consumption technologies could cause declines in customer energy consumption and lead to a decline in our revenues. See ITEM 1. BUSINESS – Environmental Matters and Regulation – Renewable and Clean Energy Standards and “We are potentially affected by emerging technologies that could over time affect or transform the energy industry” above for additional information.

Our financial performance could be negatively affected by risks arising from our ownership and operation of hydroelectric facilities.

FERC has the exclusive authority to license most non-Federal hydropower projects located on navigable waterways, Federal lands or connected to the interstate electric grid. If FERC does not issue new operating licenses for our hydroelectric facilities in the future or a station cannot be operated through the end of its current operating license, our results of operations could be adversely affected by increased depreciation rates and accelerated future decommissioning costs, since depreciation rates and decommissioning cost estimates are currently based on the available license term for each facility. We could also lose revenue and incur increased fuel and purchased power expense to meet our supply commitments. In addition, conditions could be imposed as part of the license renewal process that could adversely affect operations, require a substantial increase in capital expenditures, result in increased operating costs or render the project uneconomic. Similar effects could result from a change in the Federal Power Act or the applicable regulations due to events at hydroelectric facilities owned by others, as well as those owned by us.

We could be negatively affected by challenges to tax positions taken, tax law changes and the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of business decisions.

We are required to make judgments in order to estimate our obligations to taxing authorities. These tax obligations include income, real estate, sales and use and employment-related taxes and ongoing appeal issues related to these tax matters. These judgments include reserves established for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken that could be subject to challenge by the tax authorities. See Note 1 — Significant Accounting Policies and Note 14 — Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

Legal proceedings could result in a negative outcome, which we cannot predict.

We are involved in legal proceedings, claims and litigation arising from our business operations. The material ones are summarized in Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial 

35

Table of Contents

Statements. Adverse outcomes in these proceedings could require significant expenditures, result in lost revenue, or restrict existing business activities.

We could be subject to adverse publicity and reputational risks, which make us vulnerable to negative customer perception and could lead to increased regulatory oversight or other consequences.

We could be the subject of public criticism. Adverse publicity of this nature could render public service commissions and other regulatory and legislative authorities less likely to view energy companies in a favorable light, and could cause those companies, including us, to be susceptible to less favorable legislative and regulatory outcomes, as well as increased regulatory oversight and more stringent legislative or regulatory requirements.

Risks Related to Operational Factors

We are subject to risks associated with climate change.

Climate adaptation risk refers to risks to our facilities or operations that may result from changes in the physical climate, such as changes to temperatures, weather patterns and sea level rise. 

We periodically perform analyses to better understand how climate change could affect our facilities and operations. We primarily operate in the Midwest and East Coast of the United States, areas that have historically been prone to various types of severe weather events, and as such we have well-developed response and recovery programs based on these historical events. However, our physical facilities could be placed at greater risk of damage should changes in the global climate impact temperature and weather patterns, and result in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, unprecedented levels of precipitation, sea level rise, increased surface water temperatures, and/or other effects. Over time, we may need to make additional investments to protect our facilities from physical climate-related risks.

In addition, changes to the climate may impact levels and patterns of demand for energy and related services, which could affect our operations. Over time, we may need to make additional investments to adapt to changes in operational requirements as a result of climate change.

Climate mitigation and transition risks include changes to the energy systems as a result of new technologies, changing customer expectations and/or voluntary GHG goals, as well as local, state or federal regulatory requirements intended to reduce GHG emissions. 

We also periodically perform analyses of potential pathways to reduce power sector and economy-wide GHG emissions to mitigate climate change. To the extent additional GHG reduction regulation or legislation becomes effective at the Federal and/or state levels, we could incur costs to further limit the GHG emissions from our operations or otherwise comply with applicable requirements. To the extent such additional regulation or legislation does not become effective, the potential competitive advantage offered by our low-carbon emission profile may be reduced. 

See ITEM 1. BUSINESS – Environmental Matters and Regulation – Climate Change for additional information.

Our financial performance could be negatively affected by matters arising from our ownership and operation of nuclear facilities.

Nuclear capacity factors.
 Capacity factors for nuclear generating units significantly affect our results of operations. Lower capacity factors could decrease our revenues and increase operating costs by requiring us to produce additional energy from our natural gas and oil fueled facilities or purchase additional energy in the spot or forward markets in order to satisfy our supply obligations to committed third-party sales. These sources generally have higher costs than we incur to produce energy from our nuclear stations.

Nuclear refueling outages.
 In general, refueling outages are planned to occur once every 18 to 24 months. The total number of refueling outages, along with their duration, could have a significant impact on our results of operations. When refueling outages last longer than anticipated or we experience unplanned outages, capacity 

36

Table of Contents

factors decrease, and we face lower margins due to higher energy replacement costs and/or lower energy sales and higher operating and maintenance costs.

Nuclear fuel quality. 
The quality of nuclear fuel utilized by us could affect the efficiency and costs of our operations. Remediation actions could result in increased costs due to accelerated fuel amortization, increased outage costs and/or increased costs due to decreased generation capabilities.

Operational risk. 
Operations at any of our nuclear generation plants could degrade to the point where we must shut down the plant or operate at less than full capacity. If this were to happen, identifying and correcting the causes could require significant time and expense. We could choose to close a plant rather than incur the expense of restarting it or returning the plant to full capacity. In either event, we could lose revenue and incur increased purchased power and fuel expense to meet supply commitments.

Further, our nuclear operations produce various types of nuclear waste materials, including SNF. The approval of a national repository for the storage of SNF and the timing of that facility opening, will significantly affect the costs associated with storage of SNF and the ultimate amounts received from the DOE to reimburse us for these costs. Any regulatory action relating to the timing and availability of a repository for SNF could adversely affect our ability to decommission fully our nuclear units. We cannot predict whether a fee may be established or to what extent, in the future for SNF disposal.

If we are required to arrange for the safe and permanent disposal of spent fuel beyond current expectations, this could lead to substantial expense or capital expenditures. 

For plants operated but not wholly owned by us, we could also incur liability to the co-owners. For nuclear plants not operated and not wholly owned by us, from which we receive a portion of the plants’ output, our results of operations are dependent on the operational performance of the operators and could be adversely affected by a significant event at those plants. Additionally, poor operating performance at nuclear plants not owned by us could result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy. Closure of generating plants owned by others, or extended interruptions of generating plants or failure of transmission lines, could adversely affect transmission systems and the sale and delivery of electricity in markets served by us.

Nuclear major incident risk and insurance. 
The consequences of a major incident could be severe and include loss of life and property damage. Any resulting liability from a nuclear plant major incident within the United States, owned or operated by us or owned by others, could exceed our resources, including insurance coverage. We are a member of an industry mutual insurance company, NEIL, which provides property and business interruption insurance for our nuclear operations. Uninsured losses and other expenses, to the extent not recovered from insurers or the nuclear industry, could be borne by us. Additionally, an accident or other significant event at a nuclear plant within the United States or abroad, whether owned by us or others, could result in increased regulation and reduced public support for nuclear-fueled energy.

As required by the Price-Anderson Act, we carry the maximum available amount of nuclear liability insurance, $450 million for each operating site. Claims exceeding that amount are covered through mandatory participation in a financial protection pool. In addition, the U.S. Congress could impose revenue-raising measures on the nuclear industry to pay claims exceeding the $
13.5 billion limit for a single incident.

See Note 19 — Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information of nuclear insurance.

Decommissioning obligation and funding. 
NRC regulations require that licensees of nuclear generating facilities demonstrate reasonable assurance that funds will be available in certain minimum amounts at the end of the life of the facility to decommission the facility.

We recognize as a liability the present value of the estimated future costs to decommission our nuclear facilities. The estimated liability is based on assumptions in the approach and timing of decommissioning the nuclear facilities, estimation of decommissioning costs and Federal and state regulatory requirements. The costs of such decommissioning may substantially exceed such liability, as facts, circumstances or our estimates may change, including changes in the approach and timing of decommissioning activities, changes in decommissioning costs, changes in Federal or state regulatory requirements on the decommissioning of such facilities, other changes in our estimates or ability to effectively execute on our planned decommissioning activities.

37

Table of Contents

We make contributions to certain trust funds of the former PECO units based on amounts being collected by PECO from its customers and remitted to us. While we, through PECO, have recourse to collect additional amounts from PECO customers (subject to certain limitations and thresholds), we have no recourse to collect additional amounts from utility customers for any of our other nuclear units if there is a shortfall of funds necessary for decommissioning. If circumstances changed such that there was an inability to continue to make contributions to the trust funds of the former PECO units based on amounts collected from PECO customers, or if we no longer had recourse to collect additional amounts from PECO customers if there was a shortfall of funds for decommissioning, the adequacy of the trust funds related to the former PECO units could be negatively affected. Any changes to the PECO regulatory agreements could impact our ability to offset decommissioning-related activities within the Consolidated Statement of Operations and Comprehensive Income, and the impact to our financial statements could be material.

Should the expected value of the NDT fund for any former ComEd unit fall below the amount of the expected decommissioning obligation for that unit, the accounting to offset decommissioning-related activities for that unit would be discontinued, and the decommissioning-related activities would be recognized in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income, the impact of which could be material. For the year ended December 31, 2021, a pre-tax charge of $193 million was recorded in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for decommissioning-related activities that were not offset for the Byron units due to contractual offset being temporarily suspended. 

Forecasting trust fund investment earnings and costs to decommission nuclear generating stations requires significant judgment, and actual results could differ significantly from current estimates. If the investments held by our NDT funds are not sufficient to fund the decommissioning of our nuclear units, we could be required to take steps, such as providing financial guarantees through letters of credit or parent company guarantees or making additional contributions to the trusts, which could be significant, to ensure that the trusts are adequately funded and that current and future NRC minimum funding requirements are met

See Note 10 — Asset Retirement Obligations of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information.

We are subject to physical security and cybersecurity risks.

We face physical security and cybersecurity risks. Threat sources continue to seek to exploit potential vulnerabilities in the electric generation and natural gas industry associated with protection of sensitive and confidential information, grid infrastructure and other energy infrastructures. These attacks and disruptions, both physical and cyber, are becoming increasingly sophisticated and dynamic. Continued implementation of advanced digital technologies increases the potentially unfavorable impacts of such attacks.

A security breach of our physical assets or information systems or those of our competitors, vendors, business partners and interconnected entities in RTOs and ISOs, or regulators could impact the operation of the generation fleet and/or reliability of the transmission and distribution system or result in the theft or inappropriate release of certain types of information, including critical infrastructure information, sensitive customer, vendor and employee data, trading or other confidential data. The risk of these system-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify, and while we have not directly experienced a material breach or disruption to our network or information systems or our operations to-date, such attacks continue to increase in sophistication and frequency, and we may be unable to prevent all such attacks in the future.

If a significant breach were to occur, our reputation could be negatively affected, customer confidence in us or others in the industry could be diminished, or we could be subject to legal claims, loss of revenues, increased costs or operations shutdown. Moreover, the amount and scope of insurance maintained against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches may not be sufficient to cover losses or otherwise adequately compensate for any disruptions to business that could result.

In addition, new or updated security regulations or unforeseen threat sources could require changes in current measures taken by us or our business operations and could adversely affect our consolidated financial statements.

Our employees, contractors, customers and the general public could be exposed to a risk of injury due to the nature of the energy industry.

38

Table of Contents

Employees and contractors throughout the organization work in, and the general public could be exposed to, potentially dangerous environments near our operations. As a result, employees, contractors and the general public are at some risk for serious injury, including loss of life. These risks include, but are not limited to, nuclear accidents, dam failure, gas explosions, and electric contact cases.

Natural disasters, war, acts and threats of terrorism, pandemic and other significant events could negatively impact our results of operations, ability to raise capital and future growth.

Our fleet of power plants and the transmission infrastructure to which they are connected could be affected by natural disasters and extreme weather events, which could result in increased costs, including supply chain costs. Natural disasters and other significant events increase our risk that the NRC or other regulatory or legislative bodies could change the laws or regulations governing, among other things, operations, maintenance, licensed lives, decommissioning, SNF storage, insurance, emergency planning, security and environmental and radiological matters. In addition, natural disasters could affect the availability of a secure and economical supply of water in some locations, which is essential for our continued operation, particularly the cooling of generating units.

The impact that potential terrorist attacks could have on the industry and on us is uncertain. We face a risk that our operations would be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terror. Any retaliatory military strikes or sustained military campaign could affect our operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets, particularly uranium and oil. Furthermore, these catastrophic events could compromise the physical or cybersecurity of our facilities, which could adversely affect our ability to manage our business effectively. Instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors also could result in a decline in energy consumption or interruption of fuel or the supply chain. In addition, the implementation of security guidelines and measures has resulted in and is expected to continue to result in increased costs.

We could be significantly affected by the outbreak of a pandemic. We have plans in place to respond to a pandemic. However, depending on the severity of a pandemic and the resulting impacts to workforce and other resource availability, the ability to operate our generating assets could be adversely affected.

In addition, we maintain a level of insurance coverage consistent with industry practices against property, casualty and cybersecurity losses subject to unforeseen occurrences or catastrophic events that could damage or destroy assets or interrupt operations. However, there can be no assurance that the amount of insurance will be adequate to address such property and casualty losses.

Our business is capital intensive, and our assets could require significant expenditures to maintain and are subject to operational failure, which could result in potential liability.

Our business is capital intensive and requires significant investments in electric generating facilities. Equipment, even if maintained in accordance with good utility practices, is subject to operational failure, including events that are beyond our control, and could require significant expenditures to remedy. Our consolidated financial statements could be negatively affected if we were unable to effectively manage our capital projects or raise the necessary capital. See ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS – Liquidity and Capital Resources for additional information regarding our potential future capital expenditures.

Our performance could be negatively affected if we fail to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce.

Certain events, such as the separation transaction, an employee strike, loss of employees, loss of contract resources due to a major event, and an aging workforce without appropriate replacements, could lead to operating challenges and increased costs for us. The challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge and a lengthy time period associated with skill development. In this case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, could arise. We are particularly affected due to the specialized knowledge required of the technical and support employees for generation operations.

We could make acquisitions or investments in new business initiatives and new markets, which may not be successful or achieve the intended financial results.

39

Table of Contents

We could continue to pursue growth in our existing businesses and markets and further diversification across the competitive energy value chain. This could include opportunistic carbon-free energy acquisitions, creating new value from our existing fleet through repowering, co-location and the production of hydrogen, growing sustainability products and services for our customers, and investment opportunities in other emerging technologies and innovation. Such initiatives could involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, inadequate return on capital, and unidentified issues not discovered during diligence performed prior to launching an initiative or entering a market. Additionally, it is possible that FERC, state public utility commissions or others could impose certain other restrictions on such transactions. All these factors could result in higher costs or lower revenues than expected, resulting in lower than planned returns on investment.

Risks Related to Our Separation from Exelon

Following the separation, our financial profile has changed, and we are a smaller, less diversified company than Exelon prior to the separation.

The separation resulted in us being a smaller, less diversified company. As a result, we may be more vulnerable to changing market conditions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, the diversification of our revenues, costs, and cash flows will diminish as a standalone company, such that our results of operations, cash flows, working capital and financing requirements may be subject to increased volatility and our ability to fund capital expenditures and investments, pay dividends and service debt may be diminished.

We may not achieve some or all the expected benefits of the separation, and the separation may materially adversely affect our business.

We may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the separation, or such benefits may be delayed or not occur at all.

If we fail to achieve some or all the benefits expected to result from the separation, or if such benefits are delayed, it could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

The terms in our agreements with Exelon could be less beneficial than the terms we may have otherwise received from unaffiliated third parties.

The agreements entered with Exelon in connection with the separation, including the separation agreement, a tax matters agreement, an employee matters agreement, and a transition services agreement, were prepared in the context of the separation while we were still a wholly owned subsidiary of Exelon. Accordingly, during the period in which the terms of those agreements were prepared, we did not have an independent board of directors or a management team that was independent of Exelon. As a result, the terms of those agreements may not reflect terms that would have resulted from negotiations between unaffiliated third parties. 

Exelon may fail to perform under various transaction agreements that were executed as part of the separation, which could cause us to incur expenses or losses we would not otherwise incur.

In connection with the separation and prior to the distribution, we and Exelon entered into the separation agreement and entered into various other agreements, including a tax matters agreement, an employee matters agreement, and a transition services agreement. The separation agreement, the tax matters agreement and the employee matters agreement determined the allocation of assets and liabilities between the companies following the separation for those respective areas and include any necessary indemnifications related to liabilities and obligations. We will rely on Exelon to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under these agreements. If Exelon is unable or unwilling to satisfy its obligations under these agreements, including its indemnification obligations, we could incur operational difficulties and/or losses. 

In connection with the separation into two public companies, we and Exelon indemnified each other for certain liabilities. If we are required to pay under these indemnities to Exelon, our 

40

Table of Contents

financial results could be negatively impacted. The Exelon indemnities may not be sufficient to hold us harmless from the full amount of liabilities for which Exelon will be allocated responsibility, and Exelon may not be able to satisfy its indemnification obligations in the future.

Pursuant to the separation agreement and certain other agreements between Exelon and us, each party will agree to indemnify the other for certain liabilities, in each case for uncapped amounts. Indemnities that we may be required to provide Exelon are not subject to any cap, may be significant and could negatively impact our business. Third parties could also seek to hold us responsible for any of the liabilities that Exelon has agreed to retain. Any amounts we are required to pay pursuant to these indemnification obligations and other liabilities could require us to divert cash that would otherwise have been used in furtherance of our operating business. Further, the indemnities from Exelon for our benefit may not be sufficient to protect us against the full amount of such liabilities, and Exelon may not be able to fully satisfy its indemnification obligations.

Moreover, even if we ultimately succeed in recovering from Exelon any amounts for which we are held liable, we may be temporarily required to bear these losses ourselves. Each of these risks could negatively affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We may fail to have necessary systems and services in place when certain of the transaction agreements expire.

If we do not have in place our own systems and services, or if we do not have agreements with other providers of these services once certain separation transaction agreements expire, we may not be able to operate our business effectively, and our profitability may decline. We are in the process of creating our own, or engaging third parties to provide, systems and services to replace many of the systems and services that Exelon currently provides to us. We may incur temporary interruptions in business operations if we cannot transition effectively from Exelon’s existing operating systems, databases and programming languages that support these functions to our own systems. Our failure to implement the new systems and transition our data successfully and cost-effectively could disrupt our business operations and have a material adverse effect on our profitability. In addition, our costs for the operation of these systems may be higher than the amounts reflected in our historical financial statements.

We may not be able to engage in desirable strategic transactions or capital-raising following the separation.

Under current U.S. federal income tax law, a spin-off that otherwise qualifies for tax-free treatment can be rendered taxable to the parent corporation and its shareholders as a result of certain post-spin-off transactions, including certain acquisitions of shares or assets of the spun-off corporation. To preserve the tax-free treatment of the distribution, and in addition to potential tax indemnity obligations, we agreed to certain limitations or prohibitions in the tax matters agreement that may prohibit us, for the two-year period following the distribution and except in specific circumstances, from, among other things:

•
entering into any transaction pursuant to which all or a portion of the shares of our stock, or substantially all of our assets, would be acquired, whether by merger or otherwise;

•
issuing equity securities beyond certain thresholds;

•
repurchasing shares of our stock other than in certain open-market transactions.

The tax matters agreement prohibits us from taking or failing to take any other action that would prevent the distribution and certain related transactions from qualifying as a transaction that is generally tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the IRC. These restrictions may limit our ability to pursue certain equity issuances, strategic transactions, repurchases or other transactions that we may believe to be in the best interests of our shareholders or that might increase the value of our business. 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock

A trading market for our common stock was only recently initiated following the separation and our stock price may fluctuate significantly.

41

Table of Contents

An active trading market for our common stock was only recently initiated following the separation, which may affect your ability to sell your shares and could lead to our share price being depressed or more volatile. For many reasons, including the risks identified in this “Risk Factors” section, the market price of our common stock following the separation may be more volatile than the market price of Exelon’s common stock before the separation. These factors may result in short-term or long-term negative pressure on the value of our common stock.

We cannot predict the prices at which our common stock may trade. The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly, depending on many factors including the following:

•
our announcements or our competitors’ announcements regarding new products or services, enhancements, significant contracts, acquisitions or strategic investments;

•
fluctuations in our quarterly or annual financial results or the quarterly or annual financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us;

•
changes in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates;

•
the operating and stock price performance of other comparable companies;

•
investors’ general perception of us and our industry;

•
changes to the regulatory and legal environment under which we operate;

•
changes in general economic and market conditions; and

•
changes in industry conditions. 

In addition, if the market for stocks in our industry, or the stock market in general, experiences a loss of investor confidence, the trading price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our business, financial condition or results of operations. If any of the foregoing occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and may expose us to lawsuits that, even if successfully defended, could be costly to defend and a distraction to management.

Anti-takeover provisions could enable us to resist a takeover attempt by a third-party.

Our amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain, and Pennsylvania law contains, provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the bidder and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover.

We believe these provisions will protect our shareholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors and by providing our board of directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make us immune from takeovers; however, these provisions will apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some shareholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not in the best interests of us and our shareholders. These provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors. See “Description of Common Stock — Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions” in the Form 10.

In addition, an acquisition or further issuance of our stock could trigger the application of Section 355(e) of the IRC, causing the distribution to be taxable to Exelon. For a discussion of Section 355(e) of the IRC, see “The Separation — Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Separation” in the Form 10. Under the tax matters agreement, we would be required to indemnify Exelon for the resulting tax, and this indemnity obligation might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control that our shareholders may consider favorable.

Our amended and restated articles of incorporation designate the state courts of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (or if such state courts do not have jurisdiction, the federal district courts located within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania) as the sole and exclusive 

42

Table of Contents

forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our shareholders, and the United States federal district courts as the exclusive forum for claims under the Securities Act, which could limit our shareholders’ ability to obtain what such shareholders believe to be a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees.

Our amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that, unless our board of directors consents in writing to an alternative forum, a state court within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania (or if no such state court has jurisdiction, a federal district court within the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania) will be the sole and exclusive forum for (1) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Company (including any derivative suit brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act), (2) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any current or former director, officer or employee of the Company to the Company or its shareholders, (3) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any of its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the Pennsylvania Business Corporation Law (the “PBCL”) or as to which the PBCL confers jurisdiction on the Pennsylvania Courts of Common Pleas or the amended and restated articles of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws or (4) any action asserting a claim against the Company or any of its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine. The amended and restated articles of incorporation also provide that unless our board of directors consents in writing to an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any action asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act.

Although the amended and restated articles of incorporation include these exclusive forum provisions, it is possible that a court could rule that these provisions are inapplicable or unenforceable. Our exclusive forum provision will apply to derivative suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act, and investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. These exclusive provisions may limit a shareholder’s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that the shareholder believes to be favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits. It is possible that a court could find these exclusive forum provisions inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, and we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors.