You should carefully consider the risks described below, in addition to the other information contained in this report, before making an investment decision. Our
business, financial condition or results of operations could be harmed by any of these risks. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks not presently
known to us or other factors not perceived by us to present significant risks to our business at this time also may impair our business operations. 

 A significant portion of our revenue is derived from five products, and our future success will depend on the aggregate growth of NUVIGIL and PROVIGIL, the continued
acceptance of FENTORA, and the growth of AMRIX and TREANDA. 

        For the year ended December 31, 2009, approximately 51%, 10%, 7% and 5% of our total consolidated net sales were derived from
sales of PROVIGIL and NUVIGIL (collectively), TREANDA, FENTORA and AMRIX, respectively. With respect to PROVIGIL, we cannot be certain that it will continue to be accepted in its market. With respect
to our newly launched product, NUVIGIL, we cannot be sure that our sales and marketing efforts will be successful or that it will be accepted in the market. It is possible that CNS net sales could
decrease in the future as a result of the decline in PROVIGIL marketing efforts associated with the launch of NUVIGIL. NUVIGIL is currently selling at a price below that of PROVIGIL. As a result, it
is possible that CNS net sales could decline if we are unable to achieve sufficient prescription growth for PROVIGIL and NUVIGIL in the aggregate. With respect to AMRIX and TREANDA, we cannot be
certain that they will continue to be accepted in their markets or that we will be able to achieve projected levels of sales growth. 

        To
counter the impact from existing and potential generic competition for ACTIQ, we need FENTORA to continue to be accepted in the market. We expect to initiate a REMS Program for
FENTORA to mitigate serious risks associated with the use of FENTORA. We submitted our REMS Program to the FDA in early April 2009. Subject to the timing and nature of further discussions with the
FDA, we expect to receive a response from the FDA by the middle of 2010. It is possible that the REMS Program could have a negative impact on sales of FENTORA. 

        For
consolidated net sales to grow over the next several years, we will need our three newest products, NUVIGIL, AMRIX and TREANDA, to achieve projected levels of growth. Specifically,
the following factors, among others, could affect the level of market acceptance of these products, as well as PROVIGIL and FENTORA: 

•

a change in the perception of the healthcare community of the safety and efficacy of the products, both in an absolute
sense and relative to that of competing products; 

•

the level and effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts; 

•

the extent to which the products are studied in clinical trials in the future and the results of any such studies; 

•

any unfavorable publicity regarding these or similar products; 

•

the price of the products relative to the benefits they convey and to other competing drugs or treatments, including the
impact of the availability of generic versions of our products on the market acceptance of those products; 

•

any changes in government and other third-party payer reimbursement policies and practices; and 

•

regulatory developments affecting the manufacture, marketing or use of these products. 

26

Table of Contents

        Any
adverse developments with respect to the sale or use of these products could significantly reduce our product revenues and have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate
net income and positive net cash flow from operations. 

 We may be unsuccessful in our efforts to obtain regulatory approval for new products or for new formulations or expanded indications of our existing products, which would
significantly hamper future sales and earnings growth. 

        Our long-term prospects, particularly with respect to the growth of our future sales and earnings, depend to a large extent
on our ability to obtain FDA approvals of new product candidates (including product candidates for which we have an option-to-acquire) or of expanded indications of our
existing products such as FENTORA and NUVIGIL. 

        In
May 2008, an FDA Advisory Committee voted not to recommend approval of the FENTORA sNDA. In September 2008, we received a complete response letter, in which the FDA requested that we
implement and demonstrate the effectiveness of proposed enhancements to the current FENTORA risk management program. In December 2008, we also received a supplement request letter from the FDA
requesting that we submit a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy (the "REMS Program") with respect to FENTORA. We submitted our REMS Program to the FDA in early April 2009. To address the FDA's
requests in its September 2008 and December 2008 letters, we plan to implement SECURE Access™, a first-of-its-kind initiative designed to minimize the
potential risk of overdose from an opioid through appropriate patient selection, as part of our REMS Program. In July 2009, we exchanged correspondence with the FDA regarding elements of our REMS
Program for FENTORA and have been engaged in ongoing discussions with the agency. Subject to the timing and nature of further discussions with the FDA, we expect to receive a response from the FDA by
the middle of 2010. We believe that, by working with the FDA, we can design and implement a REMS Program to meet the FDA's requests and possibly to provide a potential avenue for approval of the sNDA.
While we plan to initiate the REMS Program upon receipt of approval from the FDA, we may be unsuccessful, ultimately, in designing and implementing a REMS Program acceptable to the FDA. 

        In
March 2009, we announced positive results from a Phase II clinical trial of NUVIGIL as adjunctive therapy for treating major depressive disorder in adults with bipolar I
disorder and our plan to advance to Phase III trials for this indication. In April 2009, we announced positive results from a Phase III clinical trial of NUVIGIL as a treatment for
excessive sleepiness associated with jet lag disorder and filed an sNDA for this indication with the FDA in June 2009. We expect a response from the FDA by March 29, 2010. In May 2009, we
announced positive results from a Phase IV study of NUVIGIL in obstructive sleep apnea and comorbid major depressive disorder requiring ongoing antidepressant therapy. 

        There
can be no assurance that our applications to market for these new indications or for product candidates will be submitted or reviewed in a timely manner or that the FDA will
approve the new indications or product candidates on the basis of the data contained in the applications. Even if approval is granted to market a new indication or a product candidate, there can be no
assurance that we will be able to successfully commercialize the product in the marketplace or achieve a profitable level of sales. 

 We may not be able to maintain adequate protection for our intellectual property or market exclusivity for our key products and, therefore, competitors may develop competing
products, which could result in a decrease in sales and market share, cause us to reduce prices to compete successfully and limit our commercial success. 

        We place considerable importance on obtaining patent protection for new technologies, products and processes. To that end, we file
applications for patents covering the compositions or uses of our drug candidates or our proprietary processes. The patent positions of pharmaceutical and biotechnology 

27

Table of Contents

companies
can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions. Accordingly, the patents and patent applications relating to our products, product candidates and
technologies may be challenged, invalidated or circumvented by third parties and might not protect us against competitors with similar products or technology. Patent disputes in our industry are
frequent and can preclude commercialization of products. If we ultimately engage in and lose any such disputes, we could be subject to competition or significant liabilities, we could be required to
enter into third party licenses or we could be required to cease using the technology or product in dispute. In addition, even if such licenses are available, the terms of any license requested by a
third party could be unacceptable to us. 

        Competition
from generic manufacturers is a particularly significant risk to our business. Upon the expiration of, or successful challenge to, our patents covering a product, generic
competitors may introduce a generic version of that product at a lower price. Some generic manufacturers have also demonstrated a willingness to launch generic versions of branded products before the
final resolution of related patent litigation (known as an "at-risk launch"). A launch of a generic version of one of our products could have a material adverse effect on our business and
we could suffer a significant loss of sales and market share in a short period of time. 

        We
also rely on trade secrets, know-how and continuing technological advancements to support our competitive position. Although we have entered into confidentiality and
invention rights agreements with our employees, consultants, advisors and collaborators, these parties could fail to honor such agreements or we could be unable to effectively protect our rights to
our unpatented trade secrets and know-how. Moreover, others could independently develop substantially equivalent proprietary information and techniques or otherwise gain access to our
trade secrets and know-how. In addition, many of our scientific and management personnel have been recruited from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies where they were
conducting research in areas similar to those that we now pursue. As a result, we could be subject to allegations of trade secret violations and other claims. 

        We
are currently engaged in lawsuits with respect to generic company challenges to the validity and/or enforceability of our patents covering AMRIX, FENTORA and NUVIGIL. While we intend
to
vigorously defend the validity, and prevent infringement, of our patents, these efforts will be both expensive and time consuming and, ultimately, due to the nature of litigation, there can be no
assurance that these efforts will be successful. The loss of patent protection or regulatory exclusivity on any of our existing products, whether by third-party challenge, invalidation, circumvention,
license or expiration, could materially impact our results of operations. For more information regarding the legal proceedings described in this Overview and others, please see Note 16 to our
Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, which is incorporated herein by reference. 

        In
late 2005 and early 2006, we entered into PROVIGIL patent settlement agreements with certain generic pharmaceutical companies. As part of these separate settlements, we agreed to
grant to each of these parties a non-exclusive royalty-bearing license to market and sell a generic version of PROVIGIL in the United States, effective in April 2012, subject to applicable
regulatory considerations. Under the agreements, the licenses could become effective prior to April 2012 only if a generic version of PROVIGIL is sold in the United States prior to this date. Various
factors could lead to the sale of a generic version of PROVIGIL in the United States at any time prior to April 2012, including if (i) we lose patent protection for PROVIGIL due to an adverse
judicial decision in a patent infringement lawsuit; (ii) all parties with first-to file ANDAs relinquish their right to the 180-day period of marketing exclusivity,
which could allow a subsequent ANDA filer, if approved by the FDA, to launch a generic version of PROVIGIL in the United States at-risk; (iii) we breach or the applicable
counterparty breaches a PROVIGIL settlement agreement; or (iv) the FTC prevails in its lawsuit against us in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania described below. We
filed each of the settlements with both the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (the "FTC") and the Antitrust Division of 

28

Table of Contents

the
U.S. Department of Justice (the "DOJ") as required by the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (the "Medicare Modernization Act"). The FTC conducted an
investigation of each of the PROVIGIL settlements and, in February 2008, filed suit against us challenging the validity of the settlements and related agreements. The complaint alleges a violation of
Section 5(a) of the Federal Trade Commission Act and seeks to permanently enjoin us from maintaining or enforcing these agreements and from engaging in similar conduct in the future. We believe
the FTC complaint is without merit and we have filed a motion to dismiss the case. While we intend to vigorously defend ourselves and the propriety of the settlement agreements, these efforts will be
both expensive and time consuming and, ultimately, due to the nature of litigation, there can be no assurance that these efforts will be successful. For more information regarding our PROVIGIL
settlements and related litigation, please see Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
which is incorporated herein by reference. 

 Our activities and products are subject to significant government regulations and approvals, which are often costly and could result in adverse consequences to our business
if we fail to comply. 

        We currently have a number of products that have been approved for sale in the United States, foreign countries or both. All of our
approved products are subject to extensive continuing regulations relating to, among other things, testing, manufacturing, quality control, labeling, and promotion. The failure to comply with any
rules and regulations of the FDA or any foreign medical authority, or the post-approval discovery of previously unknown problems relating to our products, could result in, among other
things: 

•

fines, recalls or seizures of products; 

•

total or partial suspension of manufacturing or commercial activities; 

•

non-approval of product license applications; 

•

restrictions on our ability to enter into strategic relationships; and 

•

criminal prosecution. 

        Over
the past few years, a significant number of pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies have been the target of inquiries and investigations by various federal and state regulatory,
investigative, prosecutorial and administrative entities, including the DOJ and various U.S. Attorney's Offices, the Office of Inspector General of the Department of Health and Human Services, the
FDA, the FTC and various state Attorneys General offices. These investigations have alleged violations of various federal and state laws and regulations, including claims asserting antitrust
violations, violations of the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act, the False Claims Act, the Prescription Drug Marketing Act,
anti-kickback laws, and other alleged violations in connection with off-label promotion of products, pricing and Medicare and/or Medicaid reimbursement. 

        Because
of the broad scope and complexity of these laws and regulations, the high degree of prosecutorial resources and attention being devoted to the sales practices of pharmaceutical
companies by law enforcement authorities, and the risk of potential exclusion from federal government reimbursement programs, numerous companies have determined that it is highly advisable that they
enter into settlement agreements in these matters, particularly those brought by federal authorities. Companies that have chosen to settle these alleged violations have typically paid multi-million
dollar fines to the government and agreed to abide by corporate integrity agreements. 

        In
September 2008, as part of our settlement with the U.S. government regarding their investigation of our promotional practices with respect to ACTIQ, GABITRIL and PROVIGIL, we entered
into a five-year Corporate Integrity Agreement (the "CIA") with the Office of Inspector 

29

Table of Contents

General
of the Department of Health and Human Services. The CIA provides criteria for establishing and maintaining compliance with federal laws governing the marketing and promotion of our products.
We are also subject to periodic reporting and certification requirements attesting that the provisions of the CIA are being implemented and followed. For more information regarding our settlement with
the U.S. government and the CIA, please see Note 16 to our Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K,
which is incorporated herein by reference. 

        Although
we have resolved the previously outstanding federal and state government investigations into our sales and promotional practices, there can be no assurance that there will not
be regulatory or other actions brought by governmental entities who are not party to the settlement agreements we have entered. We may also become subject to claims by private parties with respect to
the alleged conduct which was the subject of our settlements with the federal and state governmental entities. In addition, while we intend to comply fully with the terms of the settlement agreements,
the settlement agreements provide for sanctions and penalties for violations of specific provisions therein. We cannot predict when or if any such actions may occur or reasonably estimate the amount
of any fines, penalties, or other payments or the possible effect of any non-monetary restrictions that might result from either settlement of, or an adverse outcome from, any such
actions. Further, while we have initiated, and will initiate, compliance programs to prevent conduct similar to the alleged conduct subject to these agreements, we cannot provide complete assurance
that conduct similar to the alleged conduct will not occur in the future, subjecting us to future claims and actions. Failure to comply with the terms of the CIA could result in, among other things,
substantial civil penalties and/or our exclusion from government health care programs, which could materially reduce our sales and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

        It
is both costly and time-consuming for us to comply with these inquiries and with the extensive regulations to which we are subject. Additionally, incidents of adverse drug
reactions,
unintended side effects or misuse relating to our products could result in additional regulatory controls or restrictions, or even lead to withdrawal of a product from the market. 

        With
respect to our product candidates, we conduct research, preclinical testing and clinical trials, each of which requires us to comply with extensive government regulations. We cannot
market these product candidates or these new indications in the United States or other countries without receiving approval from the FDA or the appropriate foreign medical authority. The approval
process is highly uncertain and requires substantial time, effort and financial resources. Ultimately, we may never obtain approval in a timely manner, or at all. Without these required approvals, our
ability to substantially grow revenues in the future could be adversely affected. 

        In
addition, because PROVIGIL, NUVIGIL, FENTORA, EFFENTORA, ACTIQ and generic OTFC contain active ingredients that are controlled substances, we are subject to regulation by the U.S.
Drug Enforcement Agency ("DEA") and analogous foreign organizations relating to the manufacture, shipment, sale and use of the applicable products. These regulations also are imposed on prescribing
physicians and other third parties, making the storage, transport and use of such products relatively complicated and expensive. With the increased concern for safety by the FDA and the DEA with
respect to products containing controlled substances and the heightened level of media attention given to this issue, it is possible that these regulatory agencies could impose additional restrictions
on marketing or even withdraw regulatory approval for such products. In addition, adverse publicity may bring about a rejection of the product by the medical community. If the DEA, FDA or analogous
foreign authorities withdrew the approval of, or placed additional significant restrictions on the marketing of any of our products, our ability to promote our products and product sales could be
substantially affected. 

        We
rely on third parties for the timely supply of specified raw materials, equipment, contract manufacturing, formulation or packaging services, product distribution services, customer
service 

30

Table of Contents

activities
and product returns processing. Although we actively manage these third party relationships to ensure continuity and quality, some events beyond our control could result in the complete or
partial failure of these goods and services. Any such failure could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and result of operations. 

 Manufacturing, supply and distribution problems may create supply disruptions that could result in a reduction of product sales revenue and an increase in costs of sales,
and damage commercial prospects for our products. 

        The manufacture, supply and distribution of pharmaceutical products, both inside and outside the United States, is highly regulated and
complex. We, and the third parties
we rely upon for the manufacturing and distribution of our products, must comply with all applicable regulatory requirements of the FDA and foreign authorities, including current Good Manufacturing
Practice regulations. 

        We
also must comply with all applicable regulatory requirements of the DEA and analogous foreign authorities for certain of our products that contain controlled substances. The DEA also
has authority to grant or deny requests for quota of controlled substances such as the fentanyl that is the active ingredient in FENTORA and EFFENTORA or the fentanyl citrate that is the active
ingredient in ACTIQ and generic OTFC. 

        The
facilities used to manufacture, store and distribute our products also are subject to inspection by regulatory authorities at any time to determine compliance with regulations. These
regulations are complex, and any failure to comply with them could lead to remedial action, civil and criminal penalties and delays in production or distribution of material. 

        We
rely on third parties for the timely supply of specified raw materials, equipment, contract manufacturing, formulation or packaging services, product distribution services, customer
service activities and product returns processing. Although we actively manage these third party relationships to ensure continuity and quality, some events beyond our control could result in the
complete or partial failure of these goods and services. Any such failure could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and result of operations. 

        For
certain of our products in the United States and abroad, we depend upon single sources for the manufacture of both the active drug substances contained in our products and for
finished commercial supplies. The process of changing or adding a manufacturer or changing a formulation requires prior FDA and/or analogous foreign medical authority approval and is very
time-consuming. If we are unable to manage this process effectively or if an unforeseen event occurs at any facility, we could face supply disruptions that would result in significant
costs and delays, undermine goodwill established with physicians and patients, damage commercial prospects for our products and adversely affect operating results. 

 As our products are used commercially, unintended side effects, adverse reactions or incidents of misuse may occur that could result in additional regulatory controls,
changes to product labeling, adverse publicity and reduced sales of our products. 

        During research and development, the use of pharmaceutical products, such as ours, is limited principally to clinical trial patients
under controlled conditions and under the care of expert physicians. The widespread commercial use of our products could identify undesirable or unintended side effects that have not been evident in
our clinical trials or the commercial use as of the filing date of this report. For example, in September 2007, we issued a letter to healthcare professionals to clarify the appropriate patient
selection, design and administration for FENTORA, following reports of serious adverse events in connection with the use of the product. Likewise, in February 2005, working with the FDA, we updated
our prescribing information for GABITRIL to include a bolded warning describing 

31

Table of Contents

the
risk of new onset seizures in patients without epilepsy. As described above, we are also in process of developing REMS Programs for certain of our products to mitigate serious risks associated
with the use of certain of our products. In addition, in patients who take multiple medications, drug interactions could occur that can be difficult to predict. Additionally, incidents of product
misuse, product diversion or theft may occur, particularly with respect to products such as FENTORA, EFFENTORA, ACTIQ, generic OTFC, NUVIGIL and PROVIGIL, which contain controlled substances. 

        In
April 2009, we received approval from the FDA for our sNDA to update the prescribing information for TREANDA. We finalized and implemented the updated prescribing information for
TREANDA in May 2009. We identified two postmarketing cases of Stevens Johnson Syndrome ("SJS")/toxic epidermal necrolysis ("TEN") in patients treated concomitantly with TREANDA and allopurinol; one of
these cases was fatal. Allopurinol is known to cause SJS/TEN. In the non-fatal case, the patient also received other drugs that can cause SJS. TREANDA's prescribing information has been
updated to include these serious skin reactions. These updates communicate safety warnings when TREANDA is used in combination with allopurinol. Although the relationship between TREANDA and SJS/TEN
cannot be determined, there may be an increased risk of severe skin toxicity when TREANDA and allopurinol are administered concomitantly. This update is similar to the labeling that currently exists
with certain other agents used to treat indolent non-Hodgkin's lymphoma and/or chronic lymphocytic leukemia, such as RITUXAN® (rituximab), REVLIMID® (lenalidomide)
and cyclophosphamide, all of which also reference SJS/TEN in their current respective prescribing information. 

        These
events, among others, could result in adverse publicity that harms the commercial prospects of our products or lead to additional regulatory controls that could limit the
circumstances under which the product is prescribed or even lead to the withdrawal of the product from the market. In particular, FENTORA and ACTIQ have been approved under regulations concerning
drugs with certain safety profiles, under which the FDA has established special restrictions to ensure safe use. Any violation of these special restrictions could lead to the imposition of further
restrictions or withdrawal of the product from the market. 

 We face significant product liability risks, which may have a negative effect on our financial performance. 

        The administration of drugs to humans, whether in clinical trials or commercially, can result in product liability claims whether or
not the drugs are actually at fault for causing an injury. Furthermore, our products may cause, or may appear to have caused, adverse side effects (including death) or potentially dangerous drug
interactions that we may not learn about or understand fully until the drug has been administered to patients for some time. As our products are used more widely and in patients with varying medical
conditions, the likelihood of an adverse drug reaction, unintended side effect or incidence of misuse may increase. Product liability claims can be expensive to defend and may result in large
judgments or settlements against us, which could have a negative effect on our financial performance. The cost of product liability insurance has increased in recent years, and the availability of
coverage has decreased. Nevertheless, we maintain product liability insurance and significant self-insurance retentions held by our wholly-owned Bermuda-based insurance captive in amounts
we believe to be commercially reasonable but which would be unlikely to cover the potential liability associated with a significant unforeseen safety issue. Product liability coverage maintained by
our captive is reserved for, based on Cephalon's historical claims as well as historical claims within the industry. Reserves held by the captive are fully funded. Any claims could easily exceed our
current coverage limits. Even if a product liability claim is not successful, the adverse publicity and time and expense of defending such a claim may interfere with our business. 

32

Table of Contents 

 Our product sales and related financial results will fluctuate, and these fluctuations may cause our stock price to fall, especially if investors do not anticipate them. 

        A number of analysts and investors who follow our stock have developed models to attempt to forecast future product sales and expenses,
and have established earnings expectations based upon those models. These models, in turn, are based in part on estimates of projected revenue and earnings that we disclose publicly. Forecasting
future revenues is difficult, especially when the level of market acceptance of our products is changing rapidly. As a result, it is reasonably likely that our product sales will fluctuate to an
extent that may not meet with market expectations and that also may adversely affect our stock price. There are a number of other factors that could cause our financial results to fluctuate
unexpectedly, including: 

•

cost of product sales; 

•

achievement and timing of research and development milestones; 

•

collaboration revenues; 

•

cost and timing of clinical trials, regulatory approvals and product launches; 

•

marketing and other expenses; 

•

manufacturing or supply disruptions; 

•

unanticipated conversion of our convertible notes; and 

•

costs associated with the operations of recently-acquired businesses and technologies. 

 We may be unable to repay our substantial indebtedness and other obligations. 

        All of our convertible notes outstanding contain restricted conversion prices. As of December 31, 2009, our 2.0% Notes are
convertible because the closing price of our common stock on that date was higher than the restricted conversion prices of these notes and our 2010 Zero Coupon Notes are convertible based on maturity
date. As a result, our 2.0% Notes and our 2010 Zero Coupon Notes have been classified as current liabilities on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2009. Under the terms of the
indentures governing the notes, we are obligated to repay in cash the aggregate principal balance of any such notes presented for conversion. As of the filing date of this report, we do not have
available cash, cash equivalents and investments sufficient to repay all of the convertible notes, if presented. In addition, other than the restrictive covenants contained in our credit agreement,
there are no restrictions on our use of this cash and the cash available to repay indebtedness may decline over time. If we do not have sufficient funds available to repay the principal balance of
notes presented for conversion, we will be required to raise additional
funds. Because the financing markets may be unwilling to provide funding to us or may only be willing to provide funding on terms that we would consider unacceptable, we may not have cash available or
be able to obtain funding to permit us to meet our repayment obligations, thus adversely affecting the market price for our securities. 

 The restrictive covenants contained in our credit agreement may limit our activities. 

        With respect to our $200 million, three-year revolving credit facility, the credit agreement contains restrictive
covenants which affect, and in many respects could limit or prohibit, among other things, our ability to: 

•

incur indebtedness; 

•

create liens; 

•

make investments or loans; 

33

Table of Contents

•

engage in transactions with affiliates; 

•

pay dividends or make other distributions on, or redeem or repurchase, our capital stock; 

•

enter into various types of swap contracts or hedging agreements; 

•

make capital contributions; 

•

sell assets; or 

•

pursue mergers or acquisitions. 

        Failure
to comply with the restrictive covenants in our credit agreement could preclude our ability to borrow or accelerate the repayment of any debt outstanding under the credit
agreement. Additionally, as a result of these restrictive covenants, we may be at a disadvantage compared to our competitors that have greater operating and financing flexibility than we do. 

 Our research and development and marketing efforts are often dependent on corporate collaborators and other third parties who may not devote sufficient time, resources and
attention to our programs, which may limit our efforts to develop and market potential products. 

        To maximize our growth opportunities, we have entered into a number of collaboration agreements with third parties. In certain
countries outside the United States, we have entered into agreements with a number of partners with respect to the development, manufacturing and marketing of our products. In some cases, our
collaboration agreements call for our partners to control: 

•

the supply of bulk or formulated drugs for use in clinical trials or for commercial use; 

•

the design and execution of clinical studies; 

•

the process of obtaining regulatory approval to market the product; and/or 

•

marketing and selling of an approved product. 

        In
each of these areas, our partners may not support fully our research and commercial interests because our program may compete for time, attention and resources with the internal
programs of our corporate collaborators. As such, our program may not move forward as effectively, or advance as rapidly, as it might if we had retained complete control of all research, development,
regulatory and commercialization decisions. We also rely on some of these collaborators and other third parties for the production of compounds and the manufacture and supply of pharmaceutical
products. Additionally, we may find it necessary from time to time to seek new or additional partners to assist us in commercializing our products, though we ultimately might not be successful in
establishing any such new or additional relationships. 

 The efforts of government entities and third party payers to contain or reduce the costs of health care may adversely affect our sales and limit the commercial success of
our products. 

        In certain foreign markets, pricing or profitability of pharmaceutical products is subject to various forms of direct and indirect
governmental control, including the control over the amount of reimbursements provided to the patient who is prescribed specific pharmaceutical products. For example, we are aware of governmental
efforts in France to limit or eliminate reimbursement for some of our products, particularly FONZYLANE, which could impact revenues from our French operations. 

        In
the United States, there have been, and we expect there will continue to be, various proposals to implement similar controls. For example, President Obama has made healthcare reform a
top priority for his administration, and certain members of Congress have introduced legislation to restrict or significantly limit branded pharmaceutical companies' ability to enter into patent
litigation settlement agreements with generic companies. Congress is also considering legislation to provide for FDA 

34

Table of Contents

approval
of generic versions of branded biologic products. The commercial success of our products could be limited if federal or state governments adopt any such proposals. In addition, in the United
States and elsewhere, sales of pharmaceutical products depend in part on the availability of reimbursement to the consumer from third party payers, such as government and private insurance
plans. These third party payers are increasingly utilizing their significant purchasing power to challenge the prices charged for pharmaceutical products and seek to limit reimbursement levels offered
to consumers for such products. Moreover, many governments and private insurance plans have instituted reimbursement schemes that favor the substitution of generic pharmaceuticals for more expensive
brand-name pharmaceuticals. In the United States in particular, generic substitution statutes have been enacted in virtually all states and permit or require the dispensing pharmacist to
substitute a less expensive generic drug instead of an original branded drug. These third party payers are focusing their cost control efforts on our products, especially with respect to prices of and
reimbursement levels for products prescribed outside their labeled indications. In these cases, their efforts may negatively impact our product sales and profitability. 

 We experience intense competition in our fields of interest, which may adversely affect our business. 

        Large and small companies, academic institutions, governmental agencies and other public and private research organizations conduct
research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for product development in competition with us. Products developed by any of these entities may compete directly with those we
develop or sell. 

        The
conditions that our products treat, and some of the other disorders for which we are conducting additional studies, are currently treated with many drugs, several of which have been
available for a number of years or are available in inexpensive generic forms. With respect to PROVIGIL and NUVIGIL, there are several other products used for the treatment of excessive sleepiness or
narcolepsy in the United States, including methylphenidate products, and in our other territories, many of which have been available for a number of years and are available in inexpensive generic
forms. With respect to AMRIX, we face significant competition from SKELAXIN®, FLEXERIL® and other inexpensive generic forms of muscle relaxants. With respect to FENTORA, we
face competition from numerous short-and long-acting opioid products, including three products—Johnson & Johnson's DURAGESIC® and Purdue
Pharmaceutical's OXYCONTIN® and MS-CONTIN®—that dominate the market. In addition, we are aware of numerous other companies developing other technologies
for rapidly delivering opioids to treat breakthrough pain that will compete against FENTORA in the market for breakthrough cancer pain in opioid-tolerant patients. ONSOLIS® is approved for
this indication. It also is possible that the existence of generic OTFC could negatively impact the growth of FENTORA. With respect to ACTIQ, generic competition from Barr has meaningfully eroded
branded ACTIQ sales and impacted sales of our own generic OTFC through Watson. Our generic sales also could be significantly impacted by the entrance into the market of additional generic OTFC
products, which could occur at any time. In October 2009, we understand that the FDA approved ANDAs by Barr and Covidien to market and sell generic OTFC. With respect to TREANDA, we face competition
from LEUKERAN®, CAMPATH® and the combination therapy of fludarabine, cyclophosphamide and rituximab. With respect to TRISENOX, the pharmaceutical market for the treatment of
patients with relapsed or refractory APL is served by a number of available therapeutics, such as VESANOID® by Roche in combination with chemotherapy. 

        For
all of our products, we need to demonstrate to physicians, patients and third party payers that the cost of our products is reasonable and appropriate in the light of their safety
and efficacy, the price of competing products and the related health care benefits to the patient. 

        Many
of our competitors have substantially greater capital resources, research and development staffs and facilities than we have, and substantially greater experience in conducting
clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approvals and manufacturing and marketing pharmaceutical products. These 

35

Table of Contents

entities
represent significant competition for us. In addition, competitors who are developing products for the treatment of neurological or oncological disorders might succeed in developing
technologies and products that are more effective than any that we develop or sell or that would render our technology and products obsolete or noncompetitive. Competition and innovation from these or
other sources, including advances in current treatment methods, could potentially affect sales of our products negatively or make our products obsolete. Furthermore, we may be at a competitive
marketing disadvantage against companies that have broader product lines and whose sales personnel are able to offer more complementary products than we can. Any failure to maintain our competitive
position could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

 We plan to consider and, as appropriate, make acquisitions of technologies, products and businesses, which may subject us to a number of risks and/or result in us
experiencing significant charges to earnings that may adversely affect our stock price, operating results and financial condition. 

        As part of our efforts to acquire businesses or to enter into other significant transactions, we conduct business, legal and financial
due diligence with the goal of identifying and evaluating material risks involved in the transaction. Despite our efforts, we ultimately may be unsuccessful in ascertaining or evaluating all such
risks and, as a result, we might not realize the intended advantages of the acquisition. If we fail to realize the expected benefits from acquisitions we have consummated or may consummate in the
future, whether as a result of unidentified risks, integration difficulties, regulatory setbacks or other events, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely
affected. In connection with an acquisition, we must estimate the value of the transaction by making certain assumptions about, among other things, likelihood of regulatory approval for unapproved
products and the market potential for marketed products and/or product candidates. Ultimately, our assumptions may prove to be incorrect, which could cause us to fail to realize the anticipated
benefits of a transaction. As part of our efforts to hedge risks associated with the uncertainty of acquisitions generally and pharmaceutical development specifically, we have structured certain
transactions as options-to-acquire. Pursuant to this structure, we typically make an upfront payment to secure the option, set forth the appropriate "trigger" for the option in
an option agreement and, should we exercise the option, make a subsequent payment to finalize the product or company acquisition. Our option transactions with Ception and BDC are examples of this
option structure. While we believe that this structure helps us to manage risk appropriately, it is possible that we will not "trigger" an
option-to-acquire, and therefore receive nothing of tangible value in return for our upfront payment to secure the option-to-acquire. 

        In
addition, we have experienced, and will likely continue to experience, significant charges to earnings related to our efforts to consummate acquisitions. For transactions that
ultimately are not consummated, these charges may include fees and expenses for investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and other advisers in connection with our efforts. Even if our efforts are
successful, we may incur as part of a transaction substantial charges for closure costs associated with the elimination of duplicate operations and facilities and acquired in-process
research and development charges. In either case, the incurrence of these charges could adversely affect our results of operations for particular quarterly or annual periods. 

 We may be unable to successfully consolidate and integrate the operations of businesses we acquire, which may adversely affect our stock price, operating results and
financial condition. 

        We must consolidate and integrate the operations of acquired businesses with our business. Integration efforts often take a significant
amount of time, place a significant strain on our managerial, operational and financial resources and could prove to be more difficult and expensive than we predicted. The diversion of our
management's attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with these recent acquisitions, and any future acquisitions we may consummate, could result 

36

Table of Contents

in
the disruption of our ongoing business or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that could negatively affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers,
suppliers, employees and others with whom we have business dealings. 

 The results and timing of our research and development activities, including future clinical trials, are difficult to predict, subject to potential future setbacks and,
ultimately, may not result in viable pharmaceutical products, which may adversely affect our business. 

        In order to sustain our business, we focus substantial resources on the search for new pharmaceutical products. These activities
include engaging in discovery research and process development, conducting preclinical and clinical studies and the development of new indications for our existing products and seeking regulatory
approval in the United States and abroad. In all of these areas, we have relatively limited resources and compete against larger, multinational pharmaceutical companies. Moreover, even if we undertake
these activities in an effective and efficient manner, regulatory approval for the sale of new pharmaceutical products remains highly uncertain
because the majority of compounds discovered do not enter clinical studies and the majority of therapeutic candidates fail to show the human safety and efficacy necessary for regulatory approval and
successful commercialization. 

        In
the pharmaceutical business, the research and development process generally takes 12 years or longer, from discovery to commercial product launch. During each stage of this
process, there is a substantial risk of failure. Preclinical testing and clinical trials must demonstrate that a product candidate is safe and efficacious. The results from preclinical testing and
early clinical trials may not be predictive of results obtained in subsequent clinical trials, and these clinical trials may not demonstrate the safety and efficacy necessary to obtain regulatory
approval for any product candidates. A number of companies in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries have suffered significant setbacks in advanced clinical trials, even after obtaining
promising results in earlier trials. For ethical reasons, certain clinical trials are conducted with patients having the most advanced stages of disease and who have failed treatment with alternative
therapies. During the course of treatment, these patients often die or suffer other adverse medical effects for reasons that may not be related to the pharmaceutical agent being tested. Such events
can have a negative impact on the statistical analysis of clinical trial results. 

        The
completion of clinical trials of our product candidates may be delayed by many factors, including the rate of enrollment of patients. Neither we nor our collaborators can control the
rate at which patients present themselves for enrollment, and the rate of patient enrollment may not be consistent with our expectations or sufficient to enable clinical trials of our product
candidates to be completed in a timely manner or at all. In addition, we may not be permitted by regulatory authorities to undertake additional clinical trials for one or more of our product
candidates. Even if such trials are conducted, our product candidates may not prove to be safe and efficacious or receive regulatory approvals. Any significant delays in, or termination of, clinical
trials of our product candidates could impact our ability to generate product sales from these product candidates in the future. 

 The price of our common stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile, which may make it difficult for stockholders to sell our common stock when desired or at
attractive prices. 

        The market price of our common stock is highly volatile, and we expect it to continue to be volatile for the foreseeable future. For
example, from January 1, 2009 through February 8, 2010 our common stock traded at a high price of $81.35 and a low price of $52.55. Negative announcements, including, among
others: 

•

adverse regulatory decisions; 

•

disappointing clinical trial results; 

37

Table of Contents

•

legal challenges, disputes and/or other adverse developments impacting our patents or other proprietary products; or 

•

sales or operating results that fall below the market's expectations 

could
trigger significant declines in the price of our common stock. In addition, external events, such as news concerning economic conditions, our competitors or our customers, changes in government
regulations impacting the biotechnology or pharmaceutical industries or the movement of capital into or out of our industry, also are likely to affect the price of our common stock, regardless of our
operating performance. 

 Our internal controls over financial reporting may not be considered effective, which could result in possible regulatory sanctions and a decline in our stock price. 

        Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires us to furnish annually a report on our internal controls over financial
reporting and to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting. In order for management to evaluate our internal controls, we must regularly
review and document our internal control processes and procedures and test such controls. Ultimately, we or our independent auditors could conclude that our internal control over financial reporting
may not be effective if, among others things: 

•

any material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting exist; or 

•

we fail to remediate assessed deficiencies. 

        We
have implemented a number of information technology systems, including SAP®, to assist us to meet our internal controls for financial reporting. While we believe our
systems are effective for that purpose, we cannot be certain that they will continue to be effective in the future or adaptable for future needs. Due to the number of controls to be examined, the
complexity of our processes, the subjectivity involved in determining the effectiveness of controls, and, more generally, the laws and regulations to which we are subject as a global company, we
cannot be certain that, in the future, all of our controls will continue to be considered effective by management or, if considered effective by our management, that our auditors will agree with such
assessment. 

        If,
in the future, we are unable to assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our auditors are unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting, we could be subject to regulatory sanctions or lose investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports, either of which could
have an adverse effect on the market price for our securities. 

 A portion of our revenues and expenses is subject to exchange rate fluctuations in the normal course of business, which could adversely affect our reported results of
operations. 

        Historically, a portion of our revenues and expenses has been earned and incurred, respectively, in currencies other than the U.S.
dollar. For the year ended December 31, 2009, 18.2% of our revenues were denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. We translate revenues earned and expenses incurred into U.S.
dollars at the average exchange rate applicable during the relevant period. A weakening of the U.S. dollar would, therefore, increase both our revenues and expenses. Fluctuations in the rate of
exchange between the U.S. dollar and the euro and other currencies may affect period-to-period comparisons of our operating results. Historically, we have not hedged our
exposure to these fluctuations in exchange rates. 

38

Table of Contents

 Our customer base is highly concentrated. 

        Our principal customers are wholesale drug distributors. These customers comprise a significant part of the distribution network for
pharmaceutical products in the United States. Three large wholesale distributors, Cardinal Health, Inc., McKesson Corporation and AmerisourceBergen Corporation, control a significant share of
this network. These three wholesaler customers, in the aggregate, accounted for 75% of our total consolidated gross sales for the year ended December 31, 2009. Fluctuations in the buying
patterns of these customers, which may result from seasonality, wholesaler buying decisions or other factors outside of our control, could significantly affect the level of our net sales on a period
to period basis. Because of this, the amounts purchased by these customers during any quarterly or annual period may not correlate to the level of underlying demand evidenced by the number of
prescriptions written for such products, as reported by IMS Health Incorporated. 

 We are involved, or may become involved in the future, in legal proceedings that, if adversely adjudicated or settled, could materially impact our financial condition. 

        As a biopharmaceutical company, we are or may become a party to litigation in the ordinary course of our business, including, among
others, matters alleging employment discrimination, product liability, patent or other intellectual property rights infringement, patent invalidity or breach of commercial contract. In general,
litigation claims can be expensive and time consuming to bring or defend against and could result in settlements or damages that could significantly impact results of operations and financial
condition. We currently are vigorously defending ourselves against those matters specifically described in Note 16 of the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II,
Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, as well as numerous other litigation matters. While we currently do not believe that the settlement or adverse adjudication of
these other litigation matters would materially impact our results of operations or financial condition, the final resolution of these matters and the impact, if any, on our results of operations,
financial condition or cash flows is unknown but could be material. 

 Unfavorable general economic conditions could adversely affect our business. 

        Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be affected by various general economic factors and conditions. Periods
of economic slowdown or recession in any of the countries in which we operate could lead to a decline in the use of our products and therefore could have an adverse effect on our business. In
addition, if we are unable to access the capital markets due to general economic conditions, we may not have the cash available or be able to obtain funding to permit us to meet our business
requirements and objectives, thus adversely affecting our business and the market price for our securities. 

 Our dependence on key executives and scientists could impact the development and management of our business. 

        We are highly dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified scientific, technical and managerial personnel. There is
intense competition for qualified personnel in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries, and we cannot be sure that we will be able to continue to attract and retain the qualified personnel
necessary for the development and management of our business. Although we do not believe the loss of one individual would materially harm our business, our business might be harmed by the loss of the
services of multiple existing personnel, as well as the failure to recruit additional key scientific, technical and managerial personnel in a timely manner. Much of the know-how we have
developed resides in our scientific and technical personnel and is not readily transferable to other personnel. While we have employment agreements with our key executives, we do not ordinarily enter
into employment agreements with our other key scientific, technical and managerial employees. We do not maintain "key man" life insurance on any of our employees. 

39

Table of Contents

 We may be required to incur significant costs to comply with environmental laws and regulations, and our related compliance may limit any future profitability. 

        Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of hazardous, infectious and radioactive materials that could be
hazardous to human health and safety or the environment. We store these materials, and various wastes resulting from their use, at our facilities pending ultimate use and disposal. We are subject to a
variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the use, generation, manufacture, storage, handling and disposal of these materials and wastes, and we may be required to incur
significant costs to comply with related existing and future environmental laws and regulations. 

        While
we believe that our safety procedures for handling and disposing of these materials comply with foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations, we cannot completely
eliminate the risk of accidental injury or contamination from these materials. In the event of an accident, we could be held liable for any resulting damages, which could include fines and remedial
costs. These damages could require payment by us of significant amounts over a number of years, which could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

 Anti-takeover provisions may delay or prevent changes in control of our management or deter a third party from acquiring us, limiting our stockholders' ability
to profit from such a transaction. 

        Our Board of Directors has the authority to issue up to 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $0.01 par value, of which 1,000,000 have
been reserved for issuance in connection with our stockholder rights plan, and to determine the price, rights, preferences and privileges of those shares without any further vote or action by our
stockholders. Our stockholder rights plan could have the effect of making it more difficult for a third party to acquire a majority of our outstanding voting stock. 

        We
are subject to the anti-takeover provisions of Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which prohibits us from engaging in a "business combination"
with an "interested stockholder" for a period of three years after the date of the transaction in which the person becomes an interested stockholder, unless the business combination is approved in a
prescribed manner. The application of Section 203 could have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of Cephalon. Section 203, the rights plan, and certain provisions of
our certificate of incorporation, our bylaws and Delaware corporate law, may have the effect of deterring hostile takeovers, or delaying or preventing changes in control of our management, including
transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then-current market prices.