. 

In addition to the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, you
should carefully consider the factors discussed below before deciding to invest in any of our securities. These risks and uncertainties could materially and adversely affect our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

 Our business is dependent on North American natural gas, the prices of which are subject to volatility. 

        Natural gas is the principal raw material used to produce nitrogen fertilizers. We use natural gas both as a chemical feedstock and as
a fuel to produce ammonia, urea, UAN, AN and other nitrogen products. Because most of our nitrogen fertilizer manufacturing facilities are located in the United States and Canada, North American
natural gas comprises a significant portion of the total production cost of our nitrogen fertilizers. 

        The
price of natural gas in North America has been highly volatile in recent years. During 2011, the average daily closing price at the Henry Hub, the most heavily-traded natural gas
pricing basis in North America, reached a high of $4.92 per MMBtu on June 9, 2011 and a low of $2.83 per MMBtu on November 23, 2011. 

        Changes
in the supply of and demand for natural gas can also lead to periods of high natural gas prices. If this were to occur during a period of low fertilizer selling prices, it could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial position. 

        The
price we pay for natural gas in the future may be higher than prices paid by producers in certain other fertilizer-producing regions of the world, which may make it more difficult
for us to compete against these producers. 

 Our business is cyclical, resulting in periods of industry oversupply during which our results of operations tend to be negatively impacted. 

        Historically, selling prices for our products have fluctuated in response to periodic changes in supply and demand conditions. Demand
is affected by population growth, changes in dietary habits, non-food usage of crops, such as the production of ethanol and other biofuels, and planted acreage and application rates, among
other things. Supply is affected by available capacity and operating rates, raw material costs and availability, government policies and global trade. 

        Periods
of high demand, high capacity utilization and increasing operating margins tend to result in investment in production capacity, which may cause supply to exceed demand and
selling prices and capacity utilization to decline. Future growth in demand for fertilizer may not be sufficient to absorb excess industry capacity. 

        During
periods of industry oversupply, our results of operations tend to be affected negatively as the price at which we sell our products typically declines, resulting in possible
reduced profit margins, write-downs in the value of our inventory and temporary or permanent curtailments of production. 

 Our products are global commodities, and we face intense global competition from other fertilizer producers. 

        We are subject to intense price competition from both domestic and foreign sources. Fertilizers are global commodities, with little or
no product differentiation, and customers make their purchasing decisions principally on the basis of delivered price and to a lesser extent on customer service and 

18

Table of Contents

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

product
quality. We compete with a number of domestic and foreign producers, including state-owned and government-subsidized entities. 

        Some
of these competitors have greater total resources and are less dependent on earnings from fertilizer sales, which make them less vulnerable to industry downturns and better
positioned to pursue new expansion and development opportunities. Our competitive position could suffer to the extent we are not able to expand our own resources either through investments in new or
existing operations or through acquisitions, joint ventures or partnerships. 

        China,
the world's largest producer and consumer of fertilizers, is expected to continue expanding its fertilizer production capability. If Chinese policy encourages exports, this
expected increase in capacity could adversely affect the balance between global supply and demand and may put downward pressure on global fertilizer prices, which could adversely affect our results of
operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

        We
may face increased competition from Russian and Ukrainian urea and ammonium nitrate. Urea imports from Russia and Ukraine are currently subject to antidumping orders that impose
duties (ranging from approximately one percent to 68 percent) on urea imported into the United States from these two countries. Russia and Ukraine currently have considerable capacity to
produce urea and are the world's largest urea exporters. In Russia, the price for natural gas used for industrial production continues to be set by the government and is below its market value.
Russian nitrogen fertilizer producers benefit from these government-controlled prices, encouraging inefficient urea production and high volumes of exports. In Ukraine, the government intervenes with
respect to natural gas prices available to fertilizer producers so as to permit continued exports. The antidumping orders have been in place since 1987, and there has been very little urea imported
into the United States from Russia or Ukraine since that time. The U.S. Department of Commerce regularly reviews the U.S. sales of urea made by Russian exporters. In October 2011, the U.S. Department
of Commerce completed its most recent review of U.S. sales made by the Russian exporter EuroChem and concluded that duties of approximately one percent should be imposed. This low rate of duty may
result in increased imports of low-priced Russian urea into the United States. 

        In
2011, the U.S. Department of Commerce and the U.S. International Trade Commission conducted the third "sunset review" of the urea antidumping orders to determine whether they should
be kept in place for an additional five years. The review has resulted in a decision to leave the orders in place for another five years, and the next sunset review is not expected to be initiated
until late 2016. 

        Russia
is by far the world's largest ammonium nitrate producer and exporter. As in the case of urea, Russian ammonium nitrate producers benefit from below-market pricing of natural gas.
Fertilizer grade ammonium nitrate from Russia is subject to an antidumping duty order, which currently imposes antidumping duties of 253.98 percent on Russian ammonium nitrate imports into the
United States. In May 2011, this order replaced a longstanding "suspension agreement" which had imposed volume and pricing restrictions on Russian ammonium nitrate imports. In 2011, the U.S.
Department of Commerce and the U.S. International Trade Commission completed the second "sunset review" of the Russian ammonium nitrate antidumping order and concluded that it will remain in effect
for at least another five years. Fertilizer grade ammonium nitrate from Ukraine is also subject to an antidumping duty order under which imports of this product are currently subject to a duty of over
156 percent. That order is expected to be reviewed beginning in June 2012. 

19

Table of Contents

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

 A decline in U.S. agricultural production or limitations on the use of our products for agricultural purposes could materially adversely affect the market for our products. 

        Conditions in the U.S. agricultural industry significantly impact our operating results. The U.S. agricultural industry can be affected
by a number of factors, including weather patterns and field conditions, current and projected grain inventories and prices, domestic and international demand for U.S. agricultural products and U.S.
and foreign policies regarding trade in agricultural products. These factors are outside of our control. 

        State
and federal governmental policies, including farm and biofuel subsidies and commodity support programs, as well as the prices of fertilizer products, may also directly or
indirectly influence the number of acres planted, the mix of crops planted and the use of fertilizers for particular agricultural applications. In recent years, for example, ethanol production in the
United States has increased significantly due, in part, to federal legislation mandating greater use of renewable fuels. This increase in ethanol production has led to an increase in the amount of
corn grown in the United States and to increased fertilizer usage on both corn and other crops that have also benefited from improved farm economics. While the current Renewable Fuels Standard, or
RFS, encourages continued high levels of corn-based ethanol production, a continuing "food versus fuel" debate and other factors have resulted in calls to reduce subsidies for ethanol,
allow increased ethanol imports and adopt temporary waivers of the current RFS levels, any of which could have an adverse effect on corn-based ethanol production, planted corn acreage and
fertilizer demand. Developments in crop technology, such as nitrogen fixation, the conversion of atmospheric nitrogen into compounds that plants can assimilate, could also reduce the use of chemical
fertilizers and adversely affect the demand for our products. In addition, from time to time various state legislatures have considered limitations on the use and application of chemical fertilizers
due to concerns about the impact of these products on the environment. 

 Our transportation and distribution activities rely on third party providers, which subjects us to risks and uncertainties beyond our control that may adversely affect our
operations. 

        We rely on railroad, trucking, pipeline, river barge and ocean vessel companies to transport raw materials to our manufacturing
facilities, to coordinate and deliver finished products to our distribution system and to ship finished products to our customers. We also lease rail
cars in order to ship raw materials and finished products. These transportation operations, equipment and services are subject to various hazards, including extreme weather conditions, system
failures, work stoppages, delays, accidents such as spills and derailments and other accidents and other operating hazards. 

        These
transportation operations, equipment and services are also subject to environmental, safety, and regulatory oversight. Due to concerns related to accidents, terrorism or the
potential use of fertilizers as explosives, local, state and federal governments could implement new regulations affecting the transportation of our raw materials or finished products. 

        If
our shipping is delayed or if we are unable to ship our finished products or obtain raw materials as a result of these transportation companies' failure to operate properly, or if new
and more stringent regulatory requirements are implemented affecting transportation operations or equipment, or if there are significant increases in the cost of these services or equipment, our sales
revenues and cost of operations could be adversely affected. In addition, increases in our transportation costs, or changes in such costs relative to transportation costs incurred by our competitors,
could have an adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 

        The
railroad industry continues various efforts to limit the railroads' potential liability stemming from the transportation of Toxic Inhalation Hazard, or TIH, materials, such as the
anhydrous ammonia 

20

Table of Contents

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

we
transport to and from our manufacturing and distribution facilities. These efforts by the railroads include (i) requesting that the Surface Transportation Board, or STB, issue a policy
statement finding that it is reasonable for a railroad to require a shipper to indemnify the railroads and carry insurance for all liability above a certain amount arising from the transportation of
TIH materials; (ii) requesting that the STB approve an increase in the maximum reasonable rates that a railroad can charge for the transportation of TIH materials; and (iii) lobbying for
new legislation or regulations that would limit or eliminate the railroads' common carrier obligation to transport TIH materials. If the railroads were to succeed in one or more of these initiatives,
it could materially and adversely affect our operating expenses and potentially our ability to transport anhydrous ammonia and increase our liability for releases of our anhydrous ammonia while in the
care, custody and control of the railroads. 

        New
regulations also could be implemented affecting the equipment used to ship our raw materials or finished products. The Federal Railroad Administration is developing higher ammonia
tank car performance standards, which could require the modification or replacement of our leased tank car fleet. The effective date of these new regulations is not known at this time. However, the
Federal Railroad Administration has approved an "interim" car design for a 20 year period. In 2010, we contracted to switch a significant portion of our leased fleet over the next
5 years to this "interim" car.
Standards higher than those of the "interim" cars could adversely impact our cost of operations and our ability to obtain an adequate supply of rail cars to support our operations. 

 Integrating the information management systems of CF Industries and Terra is continuing. Integration difficulties or cyber security risks could result in disruptions
in business operations and adverse operating results. 

        CF Industries continues to utilize legacy Terra's separate information management systems to process transactions governing core
business operations of the legacy Terra plants. To fully integrate the Terra operations into CF Industries business processes and to achieve additional benefits of the acquisition,
CF Industries is undertaking a project to consolidate all business processes for the combined companies under a new single enterprise resource planning (ERP) system utilizing software provided
by SAP. This multi-year company-wide program will align business processes and procedures, institute more efficient transaction processing and improve access to and consistency
of information to enable standardization of business activities. We expect to implement this system in 2012. The implementation of an ERP system across the combined organization entails certain risks.
If we do not implement the system successfully and within the planned budget, or if the system does not perform in a satisfactory manner, it could disrupt our operations and have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

        As
we continue to increase our dependence on digital technologies to conduct our operations, the risks associated with cyber security also increase. We rely on management information
systems, among other things, to manage our accounting, manufacturing, supply chain and financial functions. This risk not only applies to us, but also to third parties on whose systems we place
significant reliance for the conduct of our business. We have implemented security procedures and measures in order to protect our information from being vulnerable to theft, loss, damage or
interruption from a number of potential sources or events. We believe these measures and procedures are appropriate. However, we may not have the resources or technical sophistication to anticipate or
prevent rapidly evolving types of cyber attacks. Compromises to information system could have severe financial and other business implications. 

21

Table of Contents

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Adverse weather conditions may decrease demand for our fertilizer products and increase the cost of natural gas. 

        Weather conditions that delay or intermittently disrupt field work during the planting and growing seasons may cause agricultural
customers to use different forms of nitrogen fertilizer, which may adversely affect demand for the forms that we sell or may impede farmers from applying our fertilizers until the following growing
season, resulting in lower demand for our products. 

        Adverse
weather conditions following harvest may delay or eliminate opportunities to apply fertilizer in the fall. Weather can also have an adverse effect on crop yields, which lowers
the income of growers and could impair their ability to purchase fertilizer from our customers. Our quarterly financial results can vary significantly from one year to the next due to weather-related
shifts in planting schedules and purchasing patterns. 

        Weather
conditions or, in certain cases, weather forecasts, also can affect the price of natural gas, our principal raw material used to make nitrogen based fertilizers. Colder than
normal winters and warmer than normal summers increase the demand of natural gas for residential and industrial use. In addition, hurricanes affecting the Gulf coastal states can severely impact the
supply of natural gas and cause prices to rise sharply. 

 Expansion of our business may result in unanticipated adverse consequences. 

        We routinely consider possible expansions of our business, both domestically and in foreign locations. Major investments in our
business, including as a result of acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures or other major investments require significant managerial resources, which may be diverted from our other activities and
may impair the operation of our businesses. The risks of any expansion of our business through investments, acquisitions, partnerships or joint ventures are increased due to the significant capital
and other resources that we may have to commit to any such expansion, which may not be recoverable if the expansion initiative to which they were devoted is ultimately not implemented. As a result of
these and other factors, including general economic risk, we may not be able to realize our projected returns from any future acquisitions, partnerships, joint ventures or other investments. 

 We are subject to numerous environmental and health and safety laws and regulations, as well as potential environmental liabilities, which may require us to make substantial
expenditures. 

        We are subject to numerous environmental and health and safety laws and regulations in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom
and the Republic of Trinidad and Tobago, including laws and regulations relating to land reclamation; the generation, treatment, storage, disposal and handling of hazardous substances and wastes; the
cleanup of hazardous substance releases, and the demolition of existing plant sites upon permanent closure. In the United States, these laws include the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act, RCRA, the
Comprehensive Environmental Response, CERCLA, the Toxic Substances Control Act and various other federal, state, provincial, local and international statutes. 

        As
a fertilizer company working with chemicals and other hazardous substances, our business is inherently subject to spills, discharges or other releases of hazardous substances into the
environment. Certain environmental laws, including CERCLA, impose joint and several liability, without regard to fault, for cleanup costs on persons who have disposed of or released hazardous
substances into the environment. Given the nature of our business, we have incurred, are incurring currently, and are likely to incur periodically in the future, liabilities under CERCLA and other
environmental cleanup laws at our current or former facilities, adjacent or nearby third-party facilities or offsite disposal locations. The costs associated with future cleanup activities that we may
be required to conduct or finance may be 

22

Table of Contents

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

material.
Additionally, we may become liable to third parties for damages, including personal injury and property damage, resulting from the disposal or release of hazardous substances into the
environment. 

        Violations
of environmental and health and safety laws can result in substantial penalties, court orders to install pollution-control equipment, civil and criminal sanctions, permit
revocations and facility shutdowns. Environmental and health and safety laws change rapidly and have tended to become more stringent over time. As a result, we have not always been and may not always
be in compliance with all environmental and health and safety laws and regulations. Additionally, future environmental and health and safety laws and regulations or reinterpretation of current laws
and regulations may require us to make substantial expenditures. Additionally, our costs to comply with, or any liabilities under, these laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

        From
time to time, our production of anhydrous ammonia has resulted in accidental releases that have temporarily disrupted our manufacturing operations and resulted in liability for
administrative penalties and claims for personal injury. To date, our costs to resolve these liabilities have not been material, however, we could incur significant costs if our liability coverage is
not sufficient to pay for all or a large part of any judgments against us, or if our carrier refuses coverage for these losses. 

        On
August 18, 2009, the EPA entered into a consent decree with certain environmental groups with respect to the promulgation of numeric criteria for nitrogen and phosphorous in
surface waters in Florida. The consent decree was approved by a Federal district court judge on November 16, 2009. The EPA adopted final numeric nutrient criteria for Florida lakes and inland
flowing waters on November 14, 2010. On February 18, 2012, the Court upheld parts of the numeric nutrient criteria regulation, but found that the EPA had not adequately justified the
criteria for streams and therefore concluded that the adoption of such criteria was arbitrary and capricious. The Court ordered the EPA to issue proposed or final numeric nutrient criteria for streams
by May 21, 2012 (subject to the EPA seeking an extension of such time period pursuant to the terms of the 2009 consent decree). Depending on the developments discussed herein, federal or state
numeric water quality criteria for lakes and inland flowing waters could result in substantially more stringent nitrogen and phosphorous limits in wastewater discharge permits for our mining,
manufacturing and distribution operations in Florida. 

        The
federal criteria for lakes and inland flowing waters (excluding the criteria found arbitrary and capricious by the Court) will become effective in March 2012, subject to
(i) the EPA's proposed delay in the effective date of the regulation (which may require the approval of the Court) and (ii) the development of numeric nutrient criteria by the State of
Florida. 

        Prior
to the February 18, 2012 order, the EPA had proposed to stay the effective date of its criteria until June 4, 2012 due to the development of numeric nutrient criteria
proposed by the State of Florida in December 2011. However, the Court's order stated that the Court must approve an extension of the effective date of the federal rule pursuant to the terms of the
consent decree. The nitrogen and phosphorous criteria in the December 2011 rule proposed by the State of Florida are substantially identical to the federal rule, but the state proposal includes
biological verification as a component of the criteria and adopts existing nutrient Total Maximum Daily Loads (TMDL) as applicable numeric criteria. The impact of these modifications could be to
provide more flexibility with respect to nitrogen and phosphorous limits in wastewater discharge permits so long as such discharges do not impair the biological health of receiving water bodies.
Environmental groups have filed a challenge to the proposed state rule with the Florida Division of Administrative Hearings, which will be reviewed by an administrative law judge in early 2012. If the
state numeric criteria are promulgated and approved subsequently by the EPA, the state criteria would result in EPA withdrawing the federal numeric criteria. 

23

Table of Contents 

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

        The 2009 consent decree also requires the EPA to develop numeric nutrient criteria for Florida coastal and estuarine waters. The development of such criteria has
been delayed. The EPA has announced its intention to issue proposed numeric nutrient criteria for these water bodies by March 2012 and a final
rule by November 2012. It is unclear the extent to which the February 18, 2012 decision will impact this proposed rule. The numeric criteria proposed by the State of Florida, discussed above,
include criteria for coastal and estuarine waters and if finally promulgated by the State and approved by the EPA, would also supplant federal standards for such water bodies. 

        The
numeric nutrient criteria regulation is not yet final. However, more stringent limits on wastewater discharge permits could increase our costs or limit our operations and, therefore,
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Our operations are dependent on numerous required permits, approvals and meeting financial assurance requirements from governmental authorities. 

        We hold numerous environmental, mining and other governmental permits and approvals authorizing operations at each of our facilities.
Expansion of our operations is dependent upon securing the necessary environmental or other permits or approvals. A decision by a government agency to deny or delay issuing a new or renewed material
permit or approval, or to revoke or substantially modify an existing permit or approval, could have a material adverse effect on our ability to continue operations at the affected facility and on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        In
certain cases, as a condition to procure such permits and approvals or as a condition to maintain existing approvals, we may be required to comply with regulatory financial assurance
requirements. The purpose of these requirements is to assure local, state or federal government agencies that we will have sufficient funds available for the ultimate closure, post-closure
care and reclamation at our facilities. For example, in 2006, we established an escrow account for the benefit of the Florida Department of Environmental Protection (FDEP) as a means of complying with
Florida's regulations governing financial assurance related to closure and post-closure of phosphogypsum stacks. Also, in 2010, pursuant to a Consent Decree with the U.S. EPA and the FDEP,
we funded a trust as a means of complying with similar requirements for closure, post closure and monitoring of the phosphogypsum stack system at our Plant City, Florida phosphate fertilizer complex. 

        Florida
regulations also mandate payment of certain mining taxes based on the quantity of ore mined and are subject to change based on local regulatory approvals. Additional financial
assurance requirements or other increases in local mining regulations and taxes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        Florida
regulations also require phosphate rock mining companies to demonstrate financial responsibility for wetland and other surface water mitigation measures in advance of any mining
activities. If and when we are able to expand our Hardee mining activities to areas not currently permitted, we will be required to demonstrate financial responsibility for wetland and other surface
water mitigation measures in advance of any mining activities. The demonstration of financial responsibility may be provided by passage of financial tests. In the event that we are unable to satisfy
these financial tests, alternative methods of complying with the financial assurance requirements would require us to expend funds for the purchase of bonds, letters of credit, insurance policies or
similar instruments. It is possible that we will not be able to comply with either current or new financial assurance regulations in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business, financial condition and results of operations. 

24

Table of Contents

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

        As
of December 31, 2011, the area permitted by local, state and federal authorities for mining at our Hardee phosphate complex contained approximately 45.9 million tons of
recoverable phosphate rock reserves, which will meet our requirements, at current operating rates, for approximately 13 years. We have initiated the process of applying for authorization and
permits to expand the geographical area in which we can mine at our Hardee property. The expanded geographical area has an estimated 34 million tons of recoverable phosphate reserves, which
will allow us to conduct mining operations at our Hardee property for approximately 10 additional years at current operating rates, assuming we secure the authorization and permits to mine in this
area. In Florida, local community participation has become an important factor in the authorization and permitting process for mining companies. A denial of the authorizations or permits to continue
or expand our mining operations at our Hardee property would prevent us from mining all of our reserves and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

        We
have secured the state environmental authorization to increase the capacity of our phosphogypsum stack system at Plant City. With the completion of our "Phase II" expansion
that is currently being constructed, this stack has sufficient capacity to meet our requirements through 2026 at current operating rates and subject to regular renewals of our operating permits.
Including further expansion phases, the estimated stack system capacity is expected to meet our requirements until 2040 at current operating rates and is subject to securing the corresponding
operating permits. This time frame is approximately six years beyond our current estimate of available phosphate rock reserves at our Hardee mine. A decision by the state or federal authorities to
deny a renewal of our current permits or to deny operating permits for the expansion of our stack system could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

 Future regulatory restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions in the jurisdictions in which we operate could materially adversely affect our results of operations. 

        We are subject to climate change regulations in the United Kingdom, Canada and the United States. There are substantial uncertainties
as to the nature, stringency and
timing of future climate change regulations. More stringent greenhouse gas (GHG) limitations, if they are enacted, are likely to have significant impacts on the fertilizer industry due to the fact
that our production facilities emit GHGs such as carbon dioxide and nitrous oxide. Regulation of GHGs may require us to make changes in our operating activities that would increase our operating
costs, reduce our efficiency, limit our output, require us to make capital improvements to our facilities, increase our costs for or limit the availability of energy, raw materials or transportation,
or otherwise materially adversely affect our operating results. In addition, to the extent that climate change restrictions are not imposed in countries where our competitors operate or are less
stringent than in the United States or Canada, our competitors may have cost or other competitive advantages over us. 

 Our inability to predict future seasonal fertilizer demand accurately could result in excess inventory, potentially at costs in excess of market value, or product shortages.
Our operating results fluctuate due to seasonality. 

        The fertilizer business is seasonal. The degree of seasonality of our business can change significantly from year to year due to
conditions in the agricultural industry and other factors. The strongest demand for our products occurs during the spring planting season, with a second period of strong demand following the fall
harvest. We and our customers generally build inventories during the low demand periods of the year in order to ensure timely product availability during the peak sales seasons. Seasonality is
greatest for ammonia due to the short application season and the limited ability of our customers and their customers to store significant quantities of this product. The seasonality of 

25

Table of Contents

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

fertilizer
demand results in our sales volumes and net sales being the highest during the spring and our working capital requirements being the highest just prior to the start of the spring season. 

        If
seasonal demand is less than we expect, we may be left with excess inventory that will have to be stored (in which case our results of operations will be negatively affected by any
related increased storage costs) or liquidated (in which case the selling price may be below our production, procurement and storage costs). The risks associated with excess inventory and product
shortages are particularly acute with respect to our nitrogen fertilizer business because of the volatility of nitrogen fertilizer prices and the relatively brief periods during which farmers can
apply nitrogen fertilizers. If prices rapidly decrease, we may be subject to inventory write-downs, causing an adverse change in operating results. 

 A change in the volume of products that our customers purchase on a forward basis could increase our exposure to fluctuations in our profit margins and materially adversely
affect our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 

        We offer our customers the opportunity to purchase product on a forward basis including under our Forward Pricing Program (FPP) at
prices and delivery dates we propose. This improves our liquidity due to the cash payments received from customers in advance of shipment of the product and allows us to improve our production
scheduling and planning and the utilization of our manufacturing assets. 

        Under
our FPP, customers generally make an initial cash down payment at the time of order and generally pay the remaining portion of the contract sales value in advance of the shipment
date, thereby significantly increasing our liquidity. Any cash payments received in advance from customers in connection with forward sales are reflected on our balance sheet as a current liability
until the related orders are shipped, which can take up to several months, or more. As of December 31, 2011 and 2010, our current liability for customer advances related to unshipped orders
equaled approximately 21% and 54%, respectively, of our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. 

        We
believe the ability to purchase product on a forward basis is most appealing to our customers during periods of generally increasing prices for nitrogen fertilizers. Our customers may
be less willing or even unwilling to purchase products on a forward basis during periods of generally decreasing or stable prices or during periods of relatively high fertilizer prices due to the
expectation of lower prices in the future or limited capital resources. In periods of rising fertilizer prices, selling our nitrogen fertilizers on a forward basis may result in lower profit margins
than if we had not sold fertilizer on a forward basis. Conversely, in periods of declining fertilizer prices, selling our nitrogen fertilizers on a forward basis may result in higher profit margins
than if we had not sold fertilizer on a forward basis. In addition, fixing the selling prices of our products, often months in advance of their ultimate delivery to customers, typically causes our
reported selling prices and margins to differ from spot market prices and margins available at the time of shipment. 

        We
also sell phosphate products on a forward basis, including under the FPP. In 2011, forward sales of phosphate fertilizer products represented approximately 50% of our phosphate
fertilizer volume. Unlike our nitrogen fertilizer products where we have the opportunity to fix the cost of natural gas, we typically are unable to fix the cost of phosphate raw materials, such as
sulfur and ammonia, which are among the largest components of our phosphate fertilizer costs. As a result, we are typically exposed to margin risk on phosphate products sold on a forward basis. 

26

Table of Contents

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

 Our business is subject to risks involving derivatives, including the risk that our hedging activities might not prevent losses. 

        We manage commodity price risk for our business. Although we have risk measurement systems that use various methodologies to quantify
the risk, these systems might not always be followed or might not always work as planned. Further, such risk measurement systems do not in themselves manage risk. Even if risks have been identified,
our earnings, cash flows, and balance sheet could be adversely affected by changes involving volatility, changes involving adverse correlation of commodity prices, or market liquidity issues. Our
ability to manage exposure to commodity price risk through the use of financial derivatives also may be affected by limitations imposed by the covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness. 

        In
order to manage financial exposure to commodity price and market fluctuations, we utilize natural gas derivatives to hedge our exposure to the price volatility of natural gas, the
principal raw material used in the production of nitrogen based fertilizers. In these hedging activities, we have used fixed-price, forward, physical purchase and sales contracts, futures, financial
swaps and option contracts traded in the over-the-counter, or OTC, markets or on exchanges. Nevertheless, no single hedging arrangement can adequately address all risks present
in a given contract or industry. Therefore, unhedged risks will always continue to exist. 

        Our
use of derivatives to lock in the natural gas portion of our margins on forward sales of nitrogen products can result in volatility in reported earnings due to the unrealized
mark-to-market adjustments that occur from changes in the value of the derivatives prior to the purchase of the natural gas. 

        Our
natural gas acquisition policy also allows us to establish derivative positions that are associated with anticipated natural gas requirements unrelated to our forward sales. Holding
such positions during periods of declining natural gas prices could expose us to cash collateral deposit requirements with counterparties, thereby negatively impacting our liquidity. 

        In
addition, our hedging activities may themselves give rise to various risks that could adversely affect us. For example, we are exposed to counterparty credit risk when our derivatives
are in a net asset position. The counterparties to our natural gas derivatives are either large oil and gas companies or large financial institutions. We monitor the swap portfolio and credit quality
of our counterparties and adjust the level of activity we conduct with individual counterparties as necessary. We also manage the credit risk through the use of multiple counterparties, established
credit limits, cash collateral requirements and master netting arrangements. However, our liquidity could be negatively impacted by a counterparty default on derivative settlements. 

 Our operations and the production and handling of our products involve significant risks and hazards. We are not fully insured against all potential hazards and risks
incident to our business. Therefore, our insurance coverage may not adequately cover our losses. 

        Our operations are subject to hazards inherent in the manufacturing, transportation, storage and distribution of chemical fertilizers,
including ammonia, which is highly toxic and corrosive. These hazards include: explosions; fires; severe weather and natural disasters; train derailments, collisions, vessel groundings and other
transportation and maritime incidents; leaks and ruptures involving storage tanks, pipelines and rail cars; spills, discharges and releases of toxic or hazardous substances or gases; deliberate
sabotage and terrorist incidents; mechanical failures; unscheduled downtime; labor difficulties and other risks. Some of these hazards can cause bodily injury and loss of life, severe damage to or
destruction of property and equipment and environmental damage, and may result in suspension of operations and the imposition of civil or criminal penalties and liabilities. 

27

Table of Contents

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

        We
maintain property, business interruption, casualty and liability insurance policies, but we are not fully insured against all potential hazards and risks incident to our business. If
we were to incur significant liability for which we were not fully insured, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We are subject to
various self-retentions, deductibles and limits under these insurance policies. The policies also contain exclusions and conditions that could have a material adverse impact on our ability
to receive indemnification thereunder. Our policies are generally renewed annually. As a result of market conditions, our premiums, self-retentions and deductibles for certain insurance
policies can increase substantially and, in some instances, certain insurance may become unavailable or available only for reduced amounts of coverage. In addition, significantly increased costs could
lead us to decide to reduce, or possibly eliminate, coverage. 

 We are reliant on a limited number of key facilities. 

        Our nitrogen fertilizer operations are concentrated in seven separate nitrogen complexes, the largest of which is the Donaldsonville
complex which represents approximately 40% of the Company's ammonia production capacity. Our phosphate fertilizer operations are dependent on our phosphate mine and associated beneficiation plant in
Hardee County, Florida; our phosphate fertilizer complex in Plant City, Florida; and our ammonia terminal in Tampa, Florida. The suspension of operations at any of these key facilities could adversely
affect our ability to produce our
products and fulfill our commitments under our FPP, and could have a material adverse effect on our business. In addition, a number of our key facilities, including the Donaldsonville complex and all
of our phosphate operations, are located in regions of the United States that experience a relatively high level of hurricane activity. Such storms, depending on their severity and location, have the
potential, not only to damage our facilities and disrupt our operations, but also to adversely affect the shipping and distribution of our products and the supply and price of natural gas and sulfur
in the Gulf of Mexico region. 

 We are exposed to risks associated with our joint ventures. 

        We participate in joint ventures including CFL (which owns our facility in Medicine Hat, Alberta), Point Lisas (which owns our facility
in Trinidad), GrowHow (which owns our facilities in Billingham and Ince, United Kingdom) and Keytrade. Our joint venture partners may share or have majority control over the operations of our joint
ventures. As a result, our investments in joint ventures involve risks that are different from the risks involved in owning facilities and operations independently. These risks include the possibility
that our joint ventures or our partners: have economic or business interests or goals that are or become inconsistent with our business interests or goals; are in a position to take action contrary to
our instructions, requests, policies or objectives; subject the joint venture to liabilities exceeding those contemplated; take actions that reduce our return on investment; or take actions that harm
our reputation or restrict our ability to run our business. 

        In
addition, we may become involved in disputes with our joint venture partners, which could lead to impasses or situations that could harm the joint venture, which could reduce our
revenues or increase our costs. 

 Acts of terrorism and regulations to combat terrorism could negatively affect our business. 

        Like other companies with major industrial facilities, our plants and ancillary facilities may be targets of terrorist activities. Many
of these plants and facilities store significant quantities of ammonia and other items that can be dangerous if mishandled. Any damage to infrastructure facilities, such as electric generation,
transmission and distribution facilities, or injury to employees, who could be direct targets or indirect casualties of an act of terrorism, may affect our operations. Any disruption of our ability to
produce or distribute our products could result in a significant decrease in revenues and significant additional costs to replace, repair or insure our assets, which could have a material adverse
impact on our financial condition and results of operations. 

28

Table of Contents

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

        In
addition, due to concerns related to terrorism or the potential use of certain fertilizers as explosives, local, state, federal and foreign governments could implement new regulations
impacting the security of our plants, terminals and warehouses or the transportation and use of fertilizers. These regulations could result in higher operating costs or limitations on the sale of our
products and could result in significant unanticipated costs, lower revenues and reduced profit margins. We manufacture and sell certain nitrogen fertilizers that can be used as explosives, as was
used in the Oklahoma City bombing in April 1995. It is possible that the U.S. or foreign governments could impose limitations on the use, sale or distribution of nitrogen fertilizers, thereby limiting
our ability to manufacture or sell that product. 

 Our operations are dependent upon raw materials provided by third parties and an increase in the price or any delay or interruption in the delivery of these raw materials
may adversely affect our business. 

        We use natural gas, ammonia and sulfur as raw materials in the manufacture of fertilizers. We purchase these raw materials from
third-party suppliers. Prices for these raw materials can fluctuate significantly due to changes in supply and demand. We may not be able to pass along to our customers increases in the costs of raw
materials, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. These products are transported by barge, truck, rail or pipeline to our facilities by third-party transportation providers or
through the use of facilities owned by third parties. Any delays or interruptions in the delivery of these key raw materials, including those caused by capacity constraints; explosions; fires; severe
weather and natural disasters; train derailments, collisions, vessel groundings and other transportation and maritime incidents; leaks and ruptures involving pipelines; deliberate sabotage and
terrorist incidents; mechanical failures; unscheduled downtime; or labor difficulties, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

 We are subject to risks associated with international operations. 

        Our international business operations are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties, including difficulties and costs associated with
complying with a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations; unexpected changes in regulatory environments; currency fluctuations; tax rates that may exceed those in the United States;
earnings that may be subject to withholding requirements; and the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions. During 2011, we derived approximately 15% of our net sales from
outside of the United States. Our business operations
include a 50% interest in an ammonia production joint venture in Trinidad and a 50% interest in a U.K. joint venture for the production of anhydrous ammonia and other fertilizer products. 

 Our investments in securities are subject to risks that may result in losses. 

        Our cash flows from operations have resulted in cash and cash-equivalents of approximately $1.2 billion as of
December 31, 2011. We generally invest these cash and cash-equivalents in what we believe to be relatively short-term, highly liquid and high credit quality instruments,
including notes and bonds issued by governmental entities or corporations and money market funds. Securities issued by governmental agencies include those issued directly by the U.S. government, those
issued by state, local or other governmental entities, and those guaranteed by entities affiliated with governmental entities. Our investments are subject to fluctuations in both market value and
yield based upon changes in market conditions, including interest rates, liquidity, general economic and credit market conditions and conditions specific to the issuers. 

        Our
efforts to manage investment risk could prove unsuccessful. For example, at December 31, 2011, we held investments of $70.9 million in tax-exempt auction
rate securities. These securities were 

29

Table of Contents

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

issued
by various state and local government entities and are all supported by student loans that were issued primarily under the Federal Family Loan Program. These auction rate securities have stated
maturities that range up to 36 years, and the underlying securities are guaranteed by entities affiliated with governmental entities. Although redemptions have occurred sporadically, currently
there is no active market for these investments and we continue to hold them until liquidity resumes in the marketplace or we recover our investment by other means. 

        Due
to the risks of investments, we may not achieve expected returns or may realize losses on our investments which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, liquidity or financial condition. 

 Deterioration of global market and economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

        A slowdown of, or persistent weakness in, economic activity caused by a deterioration of global market and economic conditions could
adversely affect our business in the following ways, among others: conditions in the credit markets could impact the ability of our customers and their customers to obtain sufficient credit to support
their operations; the failure of our customers to fulfill their purchase obligations could result in increases in bad debts and impact our working capital; and the failure of certain key suppliers
could increase our exposure to disruptions in supply or to financial losses. We also may experience declining demand and falling prices for some of our products due to our customers' reluctance to
replenish inventories. The overall impact of a global economic downturn on us is difficult to predict, and our business could be materially adversely impacted. 

        In
addition, conditions in the international market for nitrogen fertilizer significantly influence our operating results. The international market for fertilizers is influenced by such
factors as the relative value of the U.S. dollar and its impact on the importation of fertilizers, foreign agricultural policies, the existence of, or changes in, import or foreign currency exchange
barriers in certain foreign markets and other regulatory policies of foreign governments, as well as the laws and policies of the United States affecting foreign trade and investment. 

 We have a material amount of indebtedness and may incur additional indebtedness, or need to refinance existing indebtedness, in the future, which may adversely affect our
operations. 

        As of December 31, 2011, we had approximately $1.6 billion of total indebtedness, consisting primarily of
$800 million of our senior notes due in 2018 and $800 million of our senior notes due in 2020. We had excess borrowing capacity for general corporate purposes under our existing
revolving credit facility of approximately $491 million. The terms of our existing indebtedness allow us to incur significant additional debt in the future. Our existing indebtedness and any
additional debt we may incur in the future could have important consequences on our business in adversely affecting our operations and liquidity. In addition, the terms of our revolving credit
facility include covenants restricting our ability to engage in other business activities, including, among other things, making investments, making restricted payments and disposing of assets. 

        From
time to time we consider our options to refinance our outstanding indebtedness. Our ability to obtain any financing, whether through the issuance of new debt securities or
otherwise, and the terms of any such financing are dependent on, among other things, our financial condition, financial market conditions within our industry and generally, credit ratings and numerous
other factors. Consequently, in the event we need to access the credit markets, including to refinance our debt, there can be no
assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms or within an acceptable time, if at all. If we are unable to obtain financing on terms and within a time acceptable to us it
could, in addition to other negative effects, have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial condition. 

 The loss of key members of our management and professional staff may adversely affect our business. 

        We believe our continued success depends on the collective abilities and efforts of our senior management and professional staff. The
loss of one or more key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. Additionally, if we are unable to find, hire and retain needed key personnel in the future, our
results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

30

Table of Contents 

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

 FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

        From time to time, in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as in other written reports and verbal statements, we
make forward-looking statements that are not statements of historical fact and may involve a number of risks and uncertainties. These statements relate to analyses and other information that are based
on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. These statements may also relate to our future prospects, developments and business strategies. We have used the words
"anticipate," "believe," "could," "estimate," "expect," "intend," "may," "plan," "predict," "project," and similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions, to identify forward-looking
statements in this document. These forward-looking statements are made based on currently available competitive, financial and economic data, our current expectations, estimates, forecasts and
projections about the industries and markets in which we operate and management's beliefs and assumptions concerning future events affecting us. These statements are not guarantees of future
performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties and factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control.
Therefore, our actual results may differ materially from what is expressed in or implied by any forward-looking statements. We want to caution you not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking
statements. We do not undertake any responsibility to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking statements to take into account events or circumstances that occur after the date of this
document. Additionally, we do not undertake any responsibility to provide updates regarding the occurrence of any unanticipated events which may cause actual results to differ from those expressed or
implied by the forward- looking statements contained in this document. 

        Important
factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations are disclosed under "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Such
factors include, among others:

•

the volatility of natural gas prices in North America; 

•

the cyclical nature of our business and the agricultural sector; 

•

the global commodity nature of our fertilizer products, the impact of global supply and demand on our selling prices, and
the intense global competition in the markets in which we operate; 

•

conditions in the U.S. agricultural industry; 

•

reliance on third party providers of transportation services and equipment; 

•

our ability to integrate the systems of CF Industries and Terra, including the implementation of a new enterprise
resource planning system; 

•

weather conditions; 

•

risks associated with expansion of our business, including unanticipated adverse consequences and the significant
resources that could be required; 

•

potential liabilities and expenditures related to environmental and health and safety laws and regulations; 

•

our potential inability to obtain or maintain required permits and governmental approvals or to meet financial assurance
requirements; 

•

future regulatory restrictions and requirements related to GHG emissions and climate change; 

•

the seasonality of the fertilizer business; 

•

the impact of changing market conditions on our forward sales programs; 

31

Table of Contents

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC. 

•

risks involving derivatives and the effectiveness of our risk measurement and hedging activities; 

•

the significant risks and hazards involved in producing and handling our products against which we may not be fully
insured; 

•

our reliance on a limited number of key facilities; 

•

risks associated with joint ventures; 

•

acts of terrorism and regulations to combat terrorism; 

•

difficulties in securing the supply and delivery of raw materials we use and increases in their costs; 

•

risks associated with international operations; 

•

losses on our investments in securities; 

•

deterioration of global market and economic conditions; 

•

our ability to manage our indebtedness; and 

•

loss of key members of management and professional staff. 

32

Table of Contents 

CF INDUSTRIES HOLDINGS, INC.