Forward-Looking
Statements

Factors That May Affect Our
Future Results

We make forward-looking statements in this Report and
in other reports we file with the SEC and in press releases. Our management may
make forward-looking statements orally in a public forum to analysts,
investors, the media and others. Generally, forward-looking statements include:

·
       Projections
of our revenues, income, earnings per share, capital structure or other
financial items

·
       Descriptions
of our plans or objectives for future operations, products or services

·
       Forecasts
of our future economic performance, interest rates, profit margins and our
share of future markets

·
       Descriptions
of assumptions underlying or relating to any of the foregoing.

35

Forward-looking statements
give management’s expectation about the future and are not guarantees. Words
like “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “promise,” “plan” and other expressions
or words of similar meanings, as well as future or conditional verbs such as “will,”
“would,” “should,” “could,” or “may” are generally intended to identify
forward-looking statements. There are a number of factors, many of which are
beyond our control, that could cause actual results to differ significantly
from management’s expectations. Some of these factors are discussed below.

Readers are cautioned not
to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they are made. We do not undertake to
update them to reflect changes that occur after the date they are made.

General
business, economic, market and political conditions may significantly affect
our earnings

Our business and earnings
are sensitive to general business and economic conditions in the United States.
These conditions include short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation,
fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets, and the strength of the
U.S. economy, as well as the local economies in which we conduct business.

Our business and earnings
are significantly affected by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal
government and its agencies. We are particularly affected by the policies of
the Federal Reserve Board (“FRB”), which regulates the supply of money and
credit in the United States. The FRB’s policies influence the size of the
mortgage origination market, which significantly impacts the earnings of our
Loan Production Sector and the value of our investment in MSRs and retained
interests. The FRB’s policies also influence the yield on our interest-earning
assets and the cost of our interest-bearing liabilities. Changes in those
policies are beyond our control and difficult to predict and can have a
material effect on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial
condition.

Political conditions can
also impact our earnings. Acts or threats of war or terrorism, as well as
actions taken by the U.S. or other governments in response to such acts or
threats, could impact business and economic conditions in the United States.

The
volatility of interest rates may significantly affect our earnings

The level and volatility
of interest rates significantly affect the mortgage industry. For example, a
decline in mortgage rates generally increases the demand for home loans as
borrowers refinance, but also generally leads to accelerated payoffs in our
mortgage servicing portfolio, which negatively impacts the value of our MSRs.

We attempt to manage
interest rate risk in our mortgage banking business primarily through the
natural counterbalance of our loan production and servicing operations. In
addition, we also use derivatives extensively to manage the interest rate, or
price, risk inherent in our assets, liabilities and loan commitments. Our main
objective in managing interest rate risk is to moderate the impact of changes
in interest rates on our earnings over time; however our interest rate risk
management strategies may result in significant earnings volatility in the
short term. The success of our interest rate risk management strategies is
largely dependent on our ability to predict the earnings sensitivity of our
loan servicing and loan production operations in various interest rate
environments. There are many market factors that impact the performance of our
interest rate risk management activities including interest rate volatility,
the shape of the yield curve and the spread between mortgage interest rates and
Treasury or swap rates. The success of this strategy impacts our net income.
This impact, which can be either positive or negative, can be material.

We may
experience credit losses due to downward trends in the economy and in the real
estate market

Our profitability in our
Mortgage Banking, Banking and Capital Markets Segments is impacted by the
ability of our customers to repay their loans. These loans are underwritten in
accordance with prescribed 

36

guidelines.
While we sell most of the loans we produce, we retain credit risk in the form
of credit-subordinated securities and loans held for investment, and through
the representations and warranties we make to the investors in the loans we
sell and through the issuance of corporate guarantees. Our credit-subordinated
securities are the first beneficial interests in loan sales to absorb any
credit losses, and the buyers of our loans will make more claims against our
corporate guarantees and representations and warranties if more of our
borrowers default on their loans. While we estimate and provide for credit
losses accruing to our credit-subordinated securities and for the corporate
guarantees and representations and warranties, worsening economic and real
estate market conditions could negatively impact the value of the credit
subordinated securities we retain and increase our liabilities under our
corporate guarantees and representations and warranties.

Likewise, worsening
economic conditions increase the risk that our borrowers will not be able to
repay our portfolio loans, and worsening real estate market conditions increase
the risk that the value of the properties securing our loans will be
insufficient to repay amounts owing to us in the event our borrowers default on
the loans. Another factor that may contribute to higher delinquency and default
rates is the increase in monthly payments on adjustable rate mortgage loans.
Any increase in prevailing market interest rates may result in increased
payments for borrowers who have adjustable rate mortgage loans. Moreover, with
respect to hybrid mortgage loans after their initial fixed rate period, and
with respect to mortgage loans with a negative amortization feature which reach
their negative amortization cap, borrowers may experience a substantial
increase in their monthly payment even without an increase in prevailing market
interest rates.

Our profitability can be affected by secondary mortgage
market investor demand

Nearly
all of the mortgage loans that we originate in our Mortgage Banking and Capital
Markets Segments are sold into the secondary mortgage market. Our ability to sell
loans at acceptable margins is affected by many factors including the relative
demands for such loans and mortgage-backed securities evidencing interests in
such loans, the cost of credit enhancements, investor perceptions of such loans
and mortgage-backed securities and the risks posed by such products.

Our
accounting policies and methods are fundamental to how we report our financial
condition and results of operations, and they may require management to make
estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain

We have identified several
accounting policies as being “critical” to the presentation of our financial
condition and results of operations because they involve major aspects of our
business, they require management to make judgments about matters that are
inherently uncertain and because of the likelihood that materially different
amounts would be recorded under different conditions or using different
assumptions. These critical accounting policies relate to our gain on sale of
loans and securities, valuation of MSRs and retained interests, valuation of
liabilities incurred in sale or securitization of loans, allowance for loan
losses, and accounting for derivatives and our related interest rate risk
management activities. Because of the inherent uncertainty of the estimates
associated with these critical accounting policies, we cannot provide any
assurance that we will not make significant subsequent adjustments to the
related amounts recorded. For more information, please refer to the Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations—Critical Accounting Policies section in this Report.

The
industries in which we operate are highly competitive

We operate in highly
competitive industries that could become even more competitive as a result of
economic, legislative, regulatory and technological changes. For example, competition
to produce mortgage loans comes primarily from large commercial banks, savings
institutions and investment banks. Many of our competitors in this market have
fewer regulatory constraints. For example, national banks and federal savings
and loan institutions are not subject to certain state laws and regulations
targeted at 

37

predatory
lending practices and we could be at a competitive disadvantage with respect to
fulfilling legitimate nonprime credit opportunities. Another competitive
consideration is that other companies are less reliant on the secondary
mortgage market for funding due to their greater portfolio lending capacity.

We face competition in
such areas as mortgage product offerings, rates and fees, and customer service,
both at the retail and institutional level. In addition, technological advances
and heightened e-commerce activities have increased consumers’
accessibility to products and services generally. This has intensified
competition among banking as well as nonbanking companies in offering financial
products and services.

Negative
public opinion could damage our reputation and adversely impact our earnings

Reputation risk, or the
risk to our business, earnings and capital from negative public opinion, is
inherent in our business. Negative public opinion can result from our actual or
alleged conduct in any number of activities, including lending practices,
corporate governance and acquisitions, and from actions taken by government
regulators and community organizations in response to those activities.
Negative public opinion can adversely affect our ability to keep and attract
customers and employees and can expose us to litigation and regulatory action.
Because virtually all of our businesses operate under the “Countrywide” brand,
actual or alleged conduct by one business can result in negative public opinion
about other Countrywide businesses. Although we take steps to minimize
reputation risk in dealing with our customers and communities, as a large
diversified financial services company with a relatively high industry profile,
this risk will always be present in our organization.

Changes
in laws and regulations could adversely affect our business

We are heavily regulated
by banking, mortgage lending and insurance laws at the federal, state and local
levels, and proposals for further regulation of the financial services industry
are continually being introduced. We are subject to many other federal, state
and local laws and regulations that affect our business, including those
regarding taxation and privacy. Congress and state legislatures, as well as
federal and state regulatory agencies and local governments, review such laws,
regulations and policies and periodically propose changes or issue guidance
that could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Such changes could,
for example, limit the types of financial services and products we offer, or
limit our liability or increase our cost to offer such services and products.
It is possible that one or more legislative proposals may be adopted or
regulatory changes may be implemented that would have an adverse effect on our
business. Our failure to comply with such laws or regulations, whether actual
or alleged, could expose us to fines, penalties or potential litigation
liabilities, including costs, settlements and judgments, any of which could
adversely affect our earnings.

We
depend on the accuracy and completeness of information about customers and
counterparties

In deciding whether to
extend credit or enter into other transactions with customers and
counterparties, we may rely on information furnished to us by or on behalf of
customers and counterparties, including financial statements and other
financial information. We also may rely on representations of customers and
counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information and,
with respect to financial statements, on reports of independent auditors. For
example, in deciding whether to extend credit to borrowers under certain loan
programs, we assume that the information provided by a customer is accurate and
complete and we do not independently verify that information. Our financial
condition and results of operations could be negatively impacted to the extent
we rely on customer information that is not complete or accurate.

We
are exposed to operational risks

Countrywide, like all
large corporations, is exposed to many types of operational risk, including the
risk of fraud by employees or outsiders, misinterpretation or misapplication of
rules, regulations or other 

38

requirements,
unauthorized transactions by employees or operational errors, including
clerical or record-keeping errors or those resulting from faulty or disabled
computer or telecommunications systems. Given the high volume of transactions
at Countrywide, certain errors may be repeated or compounded before they are
discovered and successfully corrected. Our dependence upon automated systems to
record and process transaction volume may further increase the risk that
technical system flaws, or employee tampering or mistakes or manipulation of
those systems will result in losses that are difficult to detect. We may be
subject to disruptions of our systems arising from events that are wholly or partially
beyond our control (including, for example, computer viruses or electrical or
telecommunications outages), which may give rise to losses in service to
customers and to loss or liability. We are exposed to the risk that our
external vendors may be unable to fulfill their contractual obligation to us
(or will be subject to the same risk of fraud or operational errors by their
respective employees as we are), and to the risk that our (or our vendors’)
business continuity and data security systems prove not to be adequate to allow
us to resume operations in the event of a disruption to our (or our vendors’)
operations. We also face the risk that the design of our controls and
procedures prove inadequate or are circumvented, thereby causing delays in detection
or errors in information. Although we maintain a system of controls designed to
manage operational risk at appropriate levels, there can be no assurance that
we will not suffer losses from operational risks in the future that may be
material in amount.

Our
business could suffer if we fail to attract and retain a highly skilled
workforce

Our success depends, in
large part, on our ability to attract and retain a highly skilled workforce. Competition
for the best people in most activities we engage in can be intense. If we are
unable to attract and retain such people, our business and financial results
could be adversely impacted.

New
lines of business or new products and services may subject us to additional
risks

We are focused on
implementing new lines of business and offering new products or services within
existing lines of business. There are substantial uncertainties and risks
associated with these efforts. For example, profitability targets may not prove
feasible as a result of various factors, such as compliance with regulations,
competitive alternatives, and shifting market preferences. Failure to
successfully achieve performance expectations or manage these risks could have
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition.

Other
Factors

The above description of
 is not exhaustive. Other factors that could cause actual results
to differ materially from historical results or those anticipated include, but
are not limited to:

·
       Increased
cost of debt or loss of access to corporate debt markets, which may be caused
by, for example, a loss of investment-grade credit ratings

·
       Unforeseen
cash or capital requirements

·  A reduction in government support of
homeownership

·
       A
change in our relationship with the housing-related government agencies and
government sponsored enterprises (“GSEs”)

·
       Changes
in regulations or the occurrence of other events that impact the business,
operation or prospects of GSEs

·  Changes in generally accepted accounting
principles or in the legal, regulatory and legislative environments in the
markets in which the Company operates

·
       The
ability of management to effectively implement the Company’s strategies and
business plans

39

·
       The
occurrence of natural disasters or other events or circumstances that could impact
our operations or could impact the level of claims in the Insurance Segment.

Other risk factors are
described elsewhere herein as well as in other reports and documents that we
file with or furnish to the SEC. Other factors that could also cause results to
differ from our expectations may not be described in any such report or
document. Each of these factors could by itself, or together with one or more
other factors, adversely affect our business, results of operations and/or
financial condition.