We urge you to
carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating us and our common stock. Any of the following risks, as well as additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we
currently deem immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. The risk factors generally have been separated into three groups: risks related to our business, risks related to the separation and
risks related to our common stock. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We may be unable to effectively enhance our existing products or introduce and market new products or may fail to keep pace with advances in
technology. 

The healthcare industry is characterized by evolving technologies and industry standards, frequent new product
introductions, significant competition and dynamic customer requirements that may render existing products obsolete or less competitive. As a result, our position in the industry could erode rapidly due to unforeseen changes in the features and
functions of competing products, as well as the pricing models for such products. The success of our business depends on our ability to enhance our existing products and to develop and introduce new products and adapt to these changing technologies
and customer requirements. The success of new product development depends on many factors, including our ability to anticipate and satisfy customer needs, obtain regulatory approvals and clearances on a timely basis, develop and manufacture products
in a cost-effective and 

13 

Table of Contents

timely manner, maintain advantageous positions with respect to intellectual property and differentiate our products from those of our competitors. To compete successfully in the marketplace, we
must make substantial investments in new product development whether internally or externally through licensing, acquisitions or joint development agreements. Our failure to enhance our existing products or introduce new and innovative products in a
timely manner would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Even if we are able to develop, manufacture
and obtain regulatory approvals and clearances for our new products, the success of those products would depend upon market acceptance. Levels of market acceptance for our new products could be affected by several factors, including: 

•

 the availability of alternative products from our competitors; 

•

 the price and reliability of our products relative to that of our competitors; 

•

 the timing of our market entry; and 

•

 our ability to market and distribute our products effectively. 

We are subject to complex and costly regulation. 

Our products are subject to regulation by the FDA and other national, supranational, federal and state governmental authorities. It can be costly and
time-consuming to obtain regulatory clearance and/or approval to market a medical device or other product. Clearance and/or approval might not be granted for a new or modified device or other product on a timely basis, if at all. Regulations are
subject to change as a result of legislative, administrative or judicial action, which may further increase our costs or reduce sales. In addition, we are subject to regulations covering manufacturing practices, product labeling and advertising, and
adverse-event reporting that apply after we have obtained clearance or approval to sell a product. Our failure to maintain clearances or approvals for existing products, to obtain clearance or approval for new or modified products, or to adhere to
regulations for manufacturing, labeling, advertising or adverse event reporting could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Further, if we determine a product manufactured or marketed by us does not meet our
specifications, published standards or regulatory requirements, we may seek to correct the product or withdraw the product from the market, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Many of our facilities and procedures and those of our
suppliers are subject to ongoing oversight, including periodic inspection by governmental authorities. Compliance with production, safety, quality control and quality assurance regulations can be costly and time-consuming. 

In addition, if our sales and marketing activities fail to comply with FDA regulations or guidelines, or other applicable laws, we may be subject to
warnings or enforcement actions from the FDA or other enforcement bodies. A number of companies in the healthcare industry have been the subject of enforcement actions related to their sales and marketing practices, including their relationships
with doctors and off-label promotion of products. If we were to become the subject of a similar enforcement action, it could result in negative publicity, penalties, fines, the exclusion of our products from reimbursement under federally-funded
programs and/or prohibitions on our ability to sell our products, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Cost-containment efforts of our customers, purchasing groups, third-party payers and governmental organizations could adversely affect our sales
and profitability. 

Many existing and potential customers for our products within the United States are members of GPOs and IDNs in an
effort to reduce costs. GPOs and IDNs negotiate pricing arrangements with healthcare product manufacturers and distributors and offer the negotiated prices to affiliated hospitals and other members. Due to the highly competitive nature of the GPO
and IDN contracting processes, we may not be able to obtain or maintain contract positions with major GPOs and IDNs across our product portfolio. Furthermore, the increasing leverage of organized buying groups may reduce market prices for our
products, thereby reducing our profitability. 

14 

Table of Contents

While having a contract with a GPO or IDN can facilitate sales to members of that GPO or IDN, it is no
assurance that sales volume of those products will be maintained. The members of such groups may choose to purchase from our competitors due to the price or quality offered by such competitors, which could result in a decline in our sales and
profitability. 

In addition, our capital equipment products typically represent a sizeable initial capital expenditure for healthcare
organizations. Changes in the budgets of these organizations, the timing of spending under these budgets and conflicting spending priorities, including changes resulting from adverse economic conditions, can have a significant effect on the demand
for our capital equipment products and related services. In addition, the implementation of healthcare reform in the United States, which may reduce or eliminate the amount that healthcare organizations may be reimbursed for our capital equipment
products and related services, could further impact demand. Any such decreases in expenditures by these healthcare facilities and decreases in demand for our capital equipment products and related services could have an adverse effect on our results
of operations and financial condition. 

Distributors of our products may begin to negotiate terms of sale more aggressively in an effort to
increase their profitability. Failure to negotiate distribution arrangements having advantageous pricing or other terms of sale could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, if we fail to implement
distribution arrangements successfully, it could cause us to lose market share to our competitors. 

Outside the United States, we have
experienced downward pricing pressure due to the concentration of purchasing power in centralized governmental healthcare authorities and increased efforts by such authorities to lower healthcare costs. Our failure to offer acceptable prices to
these customers could adversely affect our sales and profitability in these markets. 

Current economic conditions have and may continue
to adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Disruptions in the financial markets and other macro-economic
challenges currently affecting the economy and the economic outlook of the United States and other parts of the world have had and we expect will continue to have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Recessionary
conditions and depressed levels of consumer and commercial spending have caused and may continue to cause our customers to reduce, modify, delay or cancel plans to purchase our products and have caused and may continue to cause vendors to reduce
their output or change terms of sales. We have observed certain hospitals delaying as well as prioritizing capital purchasing decisions, which has had and we expect will continue to have an adverse impact on our financial results into the
foreseeable future. If our customers’ cash flow or operating and financial performance deteriorate or fail to improve, or if they are unable to make scheduled payments or obtain credit, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of,
accounts receivable owed to us. Likewise, for similar reasons, vendors may restrict credit or impose different payment terms. 

We also extend
credit through an equipment leasing program for a substantial portion of sales to our dispensing product customers. We are subject to the risk that if these customers fail to pay or delay payment for the dispensing products they purchase from us, it
could result in longer payment cycles, increased collection costs, defaults exceeding our expectations and an adverse impact on the cost or availability of financing. These risks related to our equipment leasing program may be exacerbated by a
variety of factors, including adverse economic conditions, decreases in demand for our dispensing products and negative trends in the businesses of our leasing customers. 

Any inability of current and/or potential customers to pay us for our products or any demands by vendors for different payment terms may adversely affect
our results of operations and financial condition. 

15 

Table of Contents

We may be unable to realize any benefit from our cost reduction and restructuring efforts and our
profitability may be hurt or our business otherwise might be adversely affected. 

In August 2010, we announced plans for various cost
reduction and restructuring activities. These plans are expected to generate operating expense savings of approximately $85 million to $95 million in fiscal year 2011, increasing to annualized savings of $110 million to $120 million in fiscal year
2012 and beyond, through direct and indirect overhead expense reductions and other savings. These types of cost reduction and restructuring activities are complex. If we do not successfully manage our current restructuring activities, or any other
restructuring activities that we may take in the future, any expected efficiencies and benefits might be delayed or not realized, and our operations and business could be disrupted. In addition, the costs associated with implementing our
restructuring plan might exceed expectations, which could result in additional future charges. 

We may be unable to protect our
intellectual property rights or may infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. 

We rely on a combination of patents,
trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and nondisclosure agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights may not be sufficient. We cannot be sure that our pending
patent applications will result in the issuance of patents to us, that patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors or that these patents will be found to be valid or
sufficiently broad to preclude our competitors from introducing technologies similar to those covered by our patents and patent applications. In addition, our ability to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights may be limited in certain
countries outside the United States, which could make it easier for competitors to capture market position in such countries by utilizing technologies that are similar to those developed or licensed by us. 

Competitors also may harm our sales by designing products that mirror the capabilities of our products or technology without infringing our intellectual
property rights. If we do not obtain sufficient protection for our intellectual property, or if we are unable to effectively enforce our intellectual property rights, our competitiveness could be impaired, which would limit our growth and future
revenue. 

We operate in an industry characterized by extensive patent litigation. Patent litigation is costly to defend and can result in
significant damage awards, including treble damages under certain circumstances, and injunctions that could prevent the manufacture and sale of affected products or force us to make significant royalty payments in order to continue selling the
affected products. At any given time, we are involved as either a plaintiff or a defendant in a number of patent infringement actions, the outcomes of which may not be known for prolonged periods of time. We can expect to face additional claims of
patent infringement in the future. A successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement against us could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Defects or failures associated with our products and/or our quality system could lead to the filing of adverse event reports, product recalls or
safety alerts and negative publicity and could subject us to regulatory actions. 

Manufacturing flaws, component failures, design
defects, off-label uses or inadequate disclosure of product-related information could result in an unsafe condition or the injury or death of a patient. These problems could lead to a recall of, or issuance of a safety alert relating to, our
products and result in significant costs and negative publicity. Due to the strong name recognition of our brands, an adverse event involving one of our products could result in reduced market acceptance and demand for all products within that
brand, and could harm our reputation and our ability to market our products in the future. In some circumstances, adverse events arising from or associated with the design, manufacture or marketing of our products could result in the suspension or
delay of regulatory reviews of our applications for new product approvals or clearances. We may also voluntarily undertake a recall of our products or temporarily shut down production lines based on internal safety and quality monitoring and testing
data. 

16 

Table of Contents

Our future operating results will depend on our ability to sustain an effective quality control system and
effectively train and manage our employee base with respect to our quality system. Our quality system plays an essential role in determining and meeting customer requirements, preventing defects and improving our products and services. While we have
a network of quality systems throughout our business units and facilities, quality and safety issues may occur with respect to any of our products. A quality or safety issue may result in public warning letters, product recalls or seizures, monetary
sanctions, consent decrees, injunctions to halt manufacturing and distribution of products, civil or criminal sanctions, refusal of a government to grant clearances or approvals or delays in granting such clearances or approvals, import detentions
of products made outside the United States, restrictions on operations or withdrawal or suspension of existing approvals. Any of the foregoing events could disrupt our business and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
condition. 

We are currently operating under an amended consent decree with the FDA and our failure to comply with the requirements of
the amended consent decree may have an adverse effect on our business. 

We are operating under an amended consent decree with the FDA
related to our infusion pump business in the United States. We entered into a consent decree with the FDA in February 2007 related to our Alaris SE pumps, and in February 2009, we and the FDA amended the consent decree to include all infusion pumps
manufactured by or for our subsidiary that manufactures and sells infusion pumps in the United States. In accordance with the amended consent decree, and in addition to the requirements of the original consent decree, we implemented a corrective
action plan to bring the Alaris System and all other infusion pumps in use in the United States market into compliance, had our infusion pump facilities inspected by an independent expert and had our recall procedures and all ongoing recalls
involving our infusion pumps inspected by an independent recall expert. In July 2010, the FDA notified us that we can proceed to the audit inspection phase of the amended consent decree, which includes the requirement to retain an independent expert
to conduct periodic audits of our infusion pump facilities. The costs associated with these ongoing audits, and any actions that we may need to take resulting from these audits, could be significant. 

We have no reserve in connection with the amended consent decree to cover any future costs and expenses of compliance with the amended consent decree. As
such, we may be obligated to pay more costs in the future because, among other things, the FDA may determine that we are not fully compliant with the amended consent decree and therefore impose penalties under the amended consent decree, and/or we
may be subject to future proceedings and litigation relating to the matters addressed in the amended consent decree. Moreover, the matters addressed in the amended consent decree could lead to negative publicity that could have an adverse impact on
our business. The amended consent decree authorizes the FDA, in the event of any violations in the future, to order us to cease manufacturing and distributing, recall products and take other actions. We may also be required to pay monetary damages
if we fail to comply with any provision of the amended consent decree. See note 13 to the audited consolidated and combined financial statements for more information. Any of the foregoing matters could disrupt our business and have an adverse effect
on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We may incur product liability losses and other litigation liability. 

We are, and may be in the future, subject to product liability claims and lawsuits, including potential class actions, alleging that our
products have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition or injury. Any product liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could be costly to defend and could result in settlement payments and adjustments not covered by or in
excess of insurance. In addition, we may not be able to obtain insurance on terms acceptable to us or at all because insurance varies in cost and can be difficult to obtain. Our failure to successfully defend against product liability claims or
maintain adequate insurance coverage could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We are involved in a
number of legal proceedings. Legal proceedings are inherently unpredictable, and the outcome can result in excessive verdicts and/or injunctive relief that may affect how we operate our business, or

17 

Table of Contents

we may enter into settlements of claims for monetary damages that exceed our insurance coverage, if any. Future court decisions and legislative activity may increase our exposure to litigation
and regulatory investigations. In some cases, substantial non-economic remedies or punitive damages may be sought. 

We rely on the
performance of our information technology systems, the failure of which could have an adverse effect on our business and performance. 

Our business requires the continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. These systems are vulnerable to
interruption by fire, power loss, system malfunction and other events, which are beyond our control. Systems interruptions could reduce our ability to manufacture and provide service for our products, and could have an adverse effect on our
operations and financial performance. The level of protection and disaster-recovery capability varies from site to site, and there can be no guarantee that any such plans, to the extent they are in place, will be totally effective. 

An interruption in our ability to manufacture our products, an inability to obtain key components or raw materials or an increase in the cost of
key components or raw materials may adversely affect our business. 

Many of our key products are manufactured at single locations,
with limited alternate facilities. If an event occurs that results in damage to one or more of our facilities, it may not be possible to timely manufacture the relevant products at previous levels or at all. In addition, for reasons of quality
assurance or cost effectiveness, we purchase certain components and raw materials from sole suppliers. We may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources for certain components or materials. A reduction or interruption in
manufacturing, or an inability to secure alternative sources of raw materials or components that are acceptable to us, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Due to the highly competitive nature of the healthcare industry and the cost containment efforts of our customers and third-party payers, we may be
unable to pass along cost increases for key components or raw materials through higher prices to our customers. If the cost of key components or raw materials increases and we are unable fully to recover these increased costs through price increases
or offset these increases through other cost reductions, we could experience lower margins and profitability. 

We may engage in
strategic transactions, including acquisitions, investments, or joint development agreements that may have an adverse effect on our business. 

We may pursue transactions, including acquisitions of complementary businesses, technology licensing arrangements and joint development agreements to
expand our product offerings and geographic presence as part of our business strategy. These transactions could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. For example, in May 2010 we acquired Medegen, a leading innovator in
clinically differentiated needleless access valves and administration sets that deliver intravenous medication to patients. We may not complete future transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and we may not realize the
expected benefits of any acquisition, license arrangement or joint development agreement. Other companies may compete with us for these strategic opportunities. We also could experience negative effects on our results of operations and financial
condition from acquisition-related charges, amortization of intangible assets and asset impairment charges, and other issues that could arise in connection with, or as a result of, the acquisition of the acquired company, including issues related to
internal control over financial reporting, regulatory or compliance issues that could exist for an acquired company or business and potential adverse short-term effects on results of operations through increased costs or otherwise. These effects,
individually or in the aggregate, could cause a deterioration of our credit profile and/or ratings and result in reduced availability of credit to us or in increased borrowing costs and interest expense. 

We could experience difficulties, expenditures, or other risks in integrating an acquired company, business, or technology, including, among others:

•

 diversion of management resources and focus from ongoing business matters; 

18 

Table of Contents

•

 retention of key employees following an acquisition; 

•

 demands on our operational resources and financial and internal control systems; 

•

 integration of an acquired company’s corporate and administrative functions and personnel; 

•

 liabilities of the acquired company, including litigation or other claims; and 

•

 consolidation of research and development operations. 

In addition, we may face additional risks related to foreign acquisitions, including risks related to cultural and language differences and particular
economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks associated with specific countries. If an acquired business fails to operate as anticipated or cannot be successfully integrated with our existing business, our results of operations and financial
condition could be adversely affected. 

We may engage in the divestiture of some of our non-core businesses or product lines which may
have an adverse effect on our business. 

Our business strategy involves assessing our portfolio of businesses with a view of divesting
non-core businesses and product lines that do not align with our objectives, such as the divestitures of our Audiology business in October 2009 and our Research Services business in May 2010. Any divestitures may result in a dilutive impact to our
future earnings, as well as significant write-offs, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Divestitures could involve
additional risks, including difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel, the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, the disruption of our business and the potential loss of key
employees. We may not be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that we encounter in divesting a business or product line. 

We may face significant uncertainty in the industry due to government healthcare reform. 

Political, economic and regulatory influences are subjecting the healthcare industry to fundamental changes. In March 2010, comprehensive healthcare
reform legislation was signed into law in the United States through the passage of the Patient Protection and Affordable Health Care Act and the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act. Among other initiatives, the legislation provides for a
2.3% annual excise tax on the sales of certain medical devices in the United States, commencing in January 2013. This enacted excise tax may adversely affect our operating expenses and results of operations. In addition, we anticipate that the
current presidential administration, Congress and certain state legislatures will continue to review and assess alternative healthcare delivery systems and payment methods with an objective of ultimately reducing healthcare costs and expanding
access. Public debate of these issues will likely continue in the future. We cannot predict with certainty what healthcare initiatives, if any, will be implemented at the state level, or what ultimate effect of federal healthcare reform or any
future legislation or regulation may have on our customers’ purchasing decisions regarding our products and services. However, the implementation of new legislation and regulation may lower reimbursements for our products, reduce medical
procedure volumes and adversely affect our business, possibly materially. 

We may need additional financing in the future to meet our
capital needs or to make opportunistic acquisitions and such financing may not be available on favorable terms, if at all, and may be dilutive to existing stockholders. 

We intend to increase our investment in research and development activities, expand our sales and marketing activities, and may make acquisitions. Our
ability to take these and other actions may be limited by our available liquidity, including our ability to access our foreign cash balances in a tax-efficient manner. As a consequence, in the future, we may need to seek additional financing. We may
be unable to obtain any desired additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we lose an investment grade credit rating or adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to fund our expansion, successfully
develop or enhance products or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could negatively affect our business. If we raise 

19 

Table of Contents

additional funds through the issuance of equity securities, our stockholders will experience dilution of their ownership interest. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject
to limitations on our operations due to restrictive covenants. 

Additionally, our ability to make scheduled payments or refinance our
obligations will depend on our operating and financial performance, which in turn is subject to prevailing economic conditions and financial, business and other factors beyond our control. Recent disruptions in the financial markets, including the
bankruptcy or restructuring of a number of financial institutions and reduced lending activity, may adversely affect the availability, terms and cost of credit in the future. We cannot be sure that recent government initiatives in response to the
disruptions in the financial markets will stabilize the markets in general or increase liquidity and the availability of credit to us. 

We are subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the United States. 

Our operations outside of the United States are subject to risks that are inherent in conducting business under non-United States laws, regulations
and customs. Sales to customers outside of the United States made up approximately 31% of our revenue in fiscal year 2010, and we expect that non-United States sales will contribute to future growth. The risks associated with our operations
outside the United States include: 

•

 changes in non-United States government programs; 

•

 multiple non-United States regulatory requirements that are subject to change and that could restrict our ability to manufacture and sell our products;

•

 possible failure to comply with anti-bribery laws such as the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other
jurisdictions; 

•

 different local product preferences and product requirements; 

•

 possible failure to comply with trade protection and restriction measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

•

 difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing non-United States operations; 

•

 different labor regulations; 

•

 changes in environmental, health and safety laws; 

•

 potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws; 

•

 political instability and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts; 

•

 economic instability and inflation, recession or interest rate fluctuations; 

•

 uncertainties regarding judicial systems and procedures; 

•

 minimal or diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries; and 

•

 regulatory changes that may place our products at a disadvantage. 

These risks, individually or in the aggregate, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. For example, we are
subject to compliance with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery laws, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of
obtaining or retaining business. While our employees and agents are required to comply with these laws, we cannot be sure that our internal policies and procedures will always protect us from violations of these laws, despite our commitment to legal
compliance and corporate ethics. The occurrence or allegation of these types of risks may adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We are also exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. If the United States dollar
strengthens in relation to the currencies of other countries such as the Euro, where we sell our products, our United States dollar reported revenue and income will decrease. Additionally, we incur significant costs in foreign currencies and a
fluctuation in those currencies’ value can negatively impact manufacturing and selling costs. Changes in the relative values of currencies occur regularly and, in some instances, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and
financial condition. 

20 

Table of Contents

We are subject to healthcare fraud and abuse regulations that could result in significant liability,
require us to change our business practices and restrict our operations in the future. 

We are subject to various United
States federal, state and local laws targeting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry, including anti-kickback and false claims laws. Violations of these laws are punishable by criminal or civil sanctions, including substantial fines,
imprisonment and exclusion from participation in healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. These laws and regulations are wide ranging and subject to changing interpretation and application, which could restrict our sales or marketing
practices. Furthermore, since many of our customers rely on reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid and other governmental programs to cover a substantial portion of their expenditures, our exclusion from such programs as a result of a violation of
these laws could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Tax legislation initiatives or challenges
to our tax positions could adversely affect our results of operation and financial condition. 

We are a large multinational
corporation with operations in the United States and international jurisdictions. As such, we are subject to the tax laws and regulations of the United States federal, state and local governments and of many international jurisdictions. From
time to time, various legislative initiatives may be proposed that could adversely affect our tax positions. We cannot be sure that our effective tax rate or tax payments will not be adversely affected by these initiatives. In addition, United
States federal, state and local, as well as international, tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. There can be no assurance that our tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax
authorities or that we would be successful in any such challenge. 

Our reserves against disputed tax obligations may ultimately prove to
be insufficient. 

The IRS currently has ongoing audits of fiscal years 2001 through 2007 for Cardinal Health. During the quarter ended
September 30, 2008, Cardinal Health received an IRS Revenue Agent’s Report for the fiscal tax years ending June 30, 2003 through 2005 that included Notices of Proposed Adjustment related to transfer pricing arrangements between our
foreign and domestic subsidiaries and the transfer of intellectual property among our subsidiaries, which we have appealed. The amount of additional tax proposed by the IRS in these notices totals $462 million, excluding penalties and interest,
which may be significant. We and Cardinal Health disagree with the IRS regarding the application of the United States Treasury regulations to the arrangements under review and the valuations underlying such adjustments and intend to vigorously
contest them. We are still in the audit stage with respect to the fiscal tax years ending June 30, 2006 and 2007 and have received several proposed notices of adjustment to date. The IRS has not yet commenced any IRS audit for our fiscal tax
years ending June 30, 2008, 2009 and 2010. The tax matters agreement that we entered into with Cardinal Health specifies that all tax matters related to our businesses, including the control of audit proceedings and payment of any additional
liability, is our responsibility. Any such obligation could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

In
addition, we regularly review our tax reserves and make adjustments to our reserves when appropriate. During the quarter ended March 31, 2010, we completed a detailed analysis of our tax reserves prompted by new information related to our
potential tax positions, tax liabilities, and tax planning strategies. Based on this analysis, we determined it was appropriate to increase our existing tax reserves, which had a negative impact on our financial results and our effective tax rate.
Accounting for tax reserves involves complex and subjective estimates by management, which can change over time based on new information or changing events or circumstances, including events or circumstances outside of our control. Although we
believe that we have provided appropriate tax reserves for any potential tax exposures, we may not be fully reserved and it is possible that we may be obligated to pay amounts in excess of our reserves, including the full amount that the IRS is
seeking in the appeals matter for the fiscal years ended June 30, 2003 through 2005. Any future change in estimate could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. See note 12 to the audited consolidated and combined
financial statements for a discussion of the Notices of Proposed Adjustment and the change to our tax reserves. 

21 

Table of Contents

We have a significant amount of indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business and our
ability to meet our obligations. 

On July 1, 2009, we entered into two senior revolving credit facilities with an aggregate
principal amount of $720 million, comprised of a $240 million 364-day revolving credit facility (maturing August 30, 2010) and a $480 million three-year revolving credit facility (maturing August 31, 2012). In addition, on July 14,
2009, we offered and sold $1.4 billion of senior unsecured notes that were utilized to finance our separation from Cardinal Health on August 31, 2009. This significant amount of debt has important risks to us and our investors, including:

•

 requiring a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest payments on this debt; 

•

 making it more difficult to satisfy debt service and other obligations; 

•

 increasing the risk of a future credit ratings downgrade of our debt, which could increase future debt costs and limit the future availability of debt
financing; 

•

 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow our business; 

•

 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry; 

•

 placing us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors that may not be as highly leveraged with debt as we are; and

•

 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds as needed or take advantage of business opportunities as they arise, pay cash dividends or repurchase
common stock. 

To the extent that we incur additional indebtedness, the risks described above could increase. In addition,
our actual cash requirements in the future may be greater than expected. Our cash flow from operations may not be sufficient to repay all of the outstanding debt as it becomes due, and we may not be able to borrow money, sell assets or otherwise
raise funds on acceptable terms, or at all, to refinance our debt. In addition we may draw down our revolving credit facilities, which would have the effect of increasing our indebtedness. 

As a result of various restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our senior revolving credit facilities and our senior unsecured notes, our
financial flexibility will be restricted in a number of ways. The agreements governing the senior revolving credit facilities subject us and our subsidiaries to significant financial and other restrictive covenants, including restrictions on our
ability to incur additional indebtedness, place liens upon assets, make distributions, pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments and investments, consummate certain asset sales, enter into transactions with affiliates, conduct
businesses other than our current or related businesses, merge or consolidate with any other person or sell, assign, transfer, lease, convey or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets. Our senior revolving credit facilities also
require us to meet certain financial ratio tests on an ongoing basis that may require us to take action and reduce debt or act in a manner contrary to our business objectives. Events beyond our control, including changes in general economic and
business conditions, may affect our ability to meet those financial ratios and financial condition tests. We cannot be sure that we will be able to meet those tests or that the lenders will waive any failure to meet those tests. A breach of any of
these covenants would result in a default under our senior revolving credit facilities. If an event of default under our senior revolving credit facilities or senior notes occurs, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding
thereunder, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable. 

Risks Related to the Separation 

We have a limited operating history as a separate publicly-traded company, and our historical financial information is not necessarily
representative of the results that we would have achieved as a separate, publicly-traded company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results. 

Our stock began trading publicly on September 1, 2009. The audited combined financial statements for our fiscal year ended June 30, 2009 and
the condensed consolidated and combined financial statements for periods ending 

22 

Table of Contents

prior to September 1, 2009 included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K do not necessarily reflect the financial condition, results of operations or cash flows that we would have achieved as
a separate, publicly-traded company during the periods presented or those that we will achieve in the future primarily as a result of the following factors: 

•

 prior to the separation, our business was operated by Cardinal Health as part of its broader corporate organization, rather than as an independent
company. Cardinal Health or one of its affiliates performed various corporate functions for us, including, but not limited to, legal, treasury, accounting, auditing, risk management, information technology, human resources, corporate affairs, tax
administration, certain governance functions (including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and internal audit) and external reporting. Our historical financial results reflect allocations of corporate expenses from Cardinal Health for
these and similar functions. These allocations are likely to be less than the comparable expenses we believe we would have incurred had we operated as a separate publicly-traded company; 

•

 up until the separation, our business was integrated with the other businesses of Cardinal Health. Historically, we have shared economies of scope and
scale in costs, employees, vendor relationships and customer relationships. While we have entered into transition agreements that govern certain commercial and other relationships among us and Cardinal Health, those transitional arrangements may not
fully capture the benefits our businesses have enjoyed as a result of being integrated with the other businesses of Cardinal Health. Now that we are a separate, publicly-traded company, the loss of these benefits could have an adverse effect on our
results of operations and financial condition; and 

•

 up until the separation, our working capital requirements and capital for our general corporate purposes, including acquisitions, research and
development and capital expenditures, had historically been satisfied as part of the corporate-wide cash management policies of Cardinal Health. Given that we no longer receive capital from Cardinal Health under these cash management policies, we
may need to obtain additional financing from banks, through public offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities, strategic relationships or other arrangements, which may not be available on acceptable terms, or at all.

Other significant changes may occur in our cost structure, management, financing and business operations as a result of
operating as a company separate from Cardinal Health. 

If there is a determination that the separation is taxable for United States
federal income tax purposes because the facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings underlying the IRS ruling or tax opinions are incorrect or for any other reason, then Cardinal Health and its shareholders that are subject to United States
federal income tax could incur significant United States federal income tax liabilities and we could incur significant liabilities. 

In connection with the separation, Cardinal Health received a private letter ruling from the IRS substantially to the effect that, among other things,
the contribution and the distribution qualified as a transaction that is tax-free for United States federal income tax purposes under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (“the Code”).
In addition, Cardinal Health received opinions of Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, co-counsel to Cardinal Health, to the effect that the contribution and the distribution qualified as a transaction
that is described in Sections 355(a) and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code. The ruling and opinions relied on certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from Cardinal Health and us regarding the past and future conduct of the
companies’ respective businesses and other matters. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings were incorrect or not otherwise satisfied, Cardinal Health and its shareholders may not be able to rely on the ruling or the
opinions of tax counsel and could be subject to significant tax liabilities. Notwithstanding the private letter ruling and opinions of tax counsel, the IRS could determine on audit that the separation is taxable if it determines that any of these
facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct, have been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinions that are not covered by the private letter ruling, or for other reasons, including as a result of certain

23 

Table of Contents

significant changes in the stock ownership of Cardinal Health or us after the separation. If the separation is determined to be taxable for United States federal income tax purposes,
Cardinal Health and its shareholders that are subject to United States federal income tax could incur significant United States federal income tax liabilities and we could incur significant liabilities. 

We may not be able to engage in certain corporate transactions after the separation. 

To preserve the tax-free treatment to Cardinal Health of the contribution and the distribution, under the tax matters agreement that we entered into with
Cardinal Health, we are restricted from taking any action that prevents the distribution and related transactions from being tax-free for United States federal income tax purposes. These restrictions may limit our ability to pursue certain strategic
transactions or engage in other transactions, including use of our common stock to make acquisitions and equity capital market transactions, which might increase the value of our business. The retention by Cardinal Health of shares of our common
stock may further exacerbate these restrictions. 

Certain of our executive officers and directors may have actual or potential conflicts
of interest because of their former positions in Cardinal Health. 

The ownership by some of our executive officers and some of our
directors of common shares, options, or other equity awards of Cardinal Health may create, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest. Because of their former positions with Cardinal Health, certain of our executive officers and
non-employee directors own common shares of Cardinal Health, options to purchase common shares of Cardinal Health or other equity awards. The individual holdings of common shares, options to purchase common shares of Cardinal Health or other equity
awards may be significant for some of these persons compared to these persons’ total assets. Even though our board of directors consists of a majority of directors who are independent, and our executive officers ceased to be employees of
Cardinal Health upon the separation, ownership by our directors and officers of common shares or options to purchase common shares of Cardinal Health, or any other equity awards, creates, or may create the appearance of, conflicts of interest when
these directors and officers are faced with decisions that could have different implications for Cardinal Health than the decisions have for us. 

We may not achieve some or all of the expected benefits of the separation, and the separation may adversely affect our business.

We may not be able to achieve the full strategic and financial benefits expected to result from the separation, or such benefits may
be delayed or not occur at all. These benefits include the following: 

•

 improving strategic planning, increasing management focus and streamlining decision-making by providing us the flexibility to implement our unique
strategic plans and to respond more effectively to our customer needs and the changing economic environment; 

•

 allowing us to adopt the capital structure, investment policy and dividend policy best suited to our financial profile and business needs, as well as
resolving competition for capital among Cardinal Health and its investors; and 

•

 facilitating incentive compensation arrangements for employees more directly tied to the performance of our business, and enhancing employee hiring and
retention by, among other things, improving the alignment of management and employee incentives with performance and growth objectives, while at the same time creating an independent equity structure that will facilitate our ability to effect future
acquisitions utilizing our common stock. 

We may not achieve the anticipated benefits for a variety of reasons. There also
can be no assurance that the separation will not adversely affect our business. In addition, we may be more susceptible to market fluctuations and other adverse events than we would have been as a subsidiary of Cardinal Health, and it is possible
that investors and securities analysts will not place a greater value on our business as an independent company than on our business as a subsidiary of Cardinal Health. 

24 

Table of Contents

Cardinal Health may fail to perform under various transaction agreements that were executed as part of
the separation or we may fail to have necessary systems and services in place when certain of the transaction agreements expire. 

In
connection with the separation, we and Cardinal Health entered into various agreements, including a separation agreement, a transition services agreement, a tax matters agreement, an employee matters agreement, intellectual property agreements and
commercial agreements. The separation agreement, the tax matters agreement and employee matters agreement determined the allocation of assets and liabilities between the companies following the separation for those respective areas and provide for
indemnifications related to liabilities and obligations. The transition services agreement sets forth certain services to be performed by each company for the benefit of the other for a period of time after the separation. We will rely on Cardinal
Health to satisfy its performance and payment obligations under these agreements. If Cardinal Health does not satisfy its obligations under these agreements, including its indemnification obligations, we could incur operational difficulties or
losses. If we do not have in place our own systems and services, or if we do not have agreements with other providers of these services once certain transaction agreements expire, we may not be able to operate our business effectively and our
profitability may decline. We are in the process of creating our own, or engaging third parties to provide, systems and services to replace many of the systems and services Cardinal Health currently provides to us. We may not be successful in
implementing these systems and services or in transitioning data from Cardinal Health’s systems to ours. 

Risks Related to Our Common
Stock 

Future sales or distributions of our common stock could depress the market price for shares of our common stock. 

As a result of the separation, Cardinal Health distributed approximately 179.8 million shares of our common stock to its shareholders,
all of which are freely tradable under the Securities Act, unless held by Cardinal Health or our “affiliates” as that term is defined by the federal securities laws. It is possible that some Cardinal Health shareholders, including possibly
some of its largest shareholders, may sell our common stock received in the distribution for reasons such as that our business profile or market capitalization as a separate, publicly-traded company does not fit their investment objectives. In
addition, after completion of the separation, Cardinal Health retained approximately 19% of our total shares outstanding or approximately 41.4 million shares of our common stock. Pursuant to the private letter ruling from the IRS, Cardinal
Health is required to dispose of such shares of our common stock that it owns as soon as practicable and consistent with its reasons for retaining such shares, but in no event later than five years after the distribution. Cardinal Health has since
sold some of these shares, and in accordance with our obligations under the stockholder’s and registration rights agreement that we entered into with Cardinal Health, we filed a registration statement with the SEC to facilitate sales of our
common stock by Cardinal Health. Any disposition by Cardinal Health, or any significant Cardinal Health shareholder, of our common stock in the public market, or the perception that such dispositions could occur, could adversely affect prevailing
market prices for our common stock. 

Your percentage of ownership in us may be diluted in the future. 

As with any publicly-traded company, your percentage ownership in us may be diluted in the future because of equity issuances for acquisitions, capital
market transactions or otherwise, including equity awards that we expect will be granted to our directors, officers and employees. 

Our
stock price may fluctuate significantly. 

The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors,
some of which may be beyond our control, including: 

•

 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

25 

Table of Contents

•

 changes in earnings estimated by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; 

•

 the operating and stock price performance of comparable companies; and 

•

 domestic and foreign economic conditions. 

Certain provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws, and of Delaware law, may prevent or
delay an acquisition of our company, which could decrease the trading price of our common stock. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation, our amended and restated by-laws and Delaware law contain provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the raider and to
encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include, among others: 

•

 the inability of our stockholders to call a special meeting; 

•

 rules regarding how stockholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at stockholder meetings; 

•

 the right of our board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval; 

•

 the division of our board of directors into three classes of directors, with each class serving a staggered three-year term;

•

 a provision that stockholders may only remove directors with cause; 

•

 the ability of our directors, and not stockholders, to fill vacancies on our board of directors; and 

•

 the requirement that stockholders holding at least 80% of our voting stock are required to amend certain provisions in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated by-laws relating to the number, term and election of our directors, the filling of board vacancies, stockholder notice procedures and the calling of special meetings of stockholders.

Delaware law also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or
more of our outstanding common stock. 

We believe these provisions will protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover
tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors and by providing our board of directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make our company immune from takeovers.
However, these provisions will apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not in the best interests of our company and our
stockholders. These provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.