We urge you to
carefully consider the following risks and other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in evaluating us and our common stock. Any of the following risks, as well as additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that
we currently deem immaterial, could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. The risk factors generally have been separated into two groups: risks related to our business and risks related to our common
stock. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We may be unable to effectively enhance our existing products or introduce and market new products or may fail to keep pace with advances in technology. 

The healthcare industry is characterized by evolving technologies and industry standards, frequent new product introductions, significant competition and
dynamic customer requirements that may render existing products obsolete or less competitive. As a result, our position in the industry could erode rapidly due to unforeseen changes in the features and functions of competing products, as well as the
pricing models for such products. The success of our business depends on our ability to enhance our existing products and to develop and introduce new products and adapt to these changing technologies and customer requirements. The success of new
product development depends on many factors, including our ability to anticipate and satisfy customer needs, obtain regulatory approvals and clearances on a timely basis, develop and manufacture products in a cost-effective and timely manner,
maintain advantageous positions with respect to intellectual property and differentiate our products from those of our competitors. To compete successfully in the marketplace, we must make substantial investments in new product development whether
internally or externally through licensing, acquisitions or joint development agreements. Our failure to enhance our existing products or introduce new and innovative products in a timely manner would have an adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition. 

13 

Table of Contents

Even if we are able to develop, manufacture and obtain regulatory approvals and clearances for our new
products, the success of those products would depend upon market acceptance. Levels of market acceptance for our new products could be affected by several factors, including: 

•

 the availability of alternative products from our competitors; 

•

 the price and reliability of our products relative to that of our competitors; 

•

 the timing of our market entry; and 

•

 our ability to market and distribute our products effectively. 

We are subject to complex and costly regulation. 

Our products are subject to
regulation by the FDA and other national, supranational, federal and state governmental authorities. It can be costly and time-consuming to obtain regulatory clearance and/or approval to market a medical device or other product. Clearance and/or
approval might not be granted for a new or modified device or other product on a timely basis, if at all. Regulations are subject to change as a result of legislative, administrative or judicial action, which may further increase our costs or reduce
sales. Unless an exception applies, the FDA requires that the manufacturer of a new medical device or a new indication for use of, or other significant change in, an existing medical device obtain either 510(k) pre-market notification clearance or
pre-market approval before those products can be marketed or sold in the United States. Modifications or enhancements to a product that could significantly affect its safety or effectiveness, or that would constitute a major change in the intended
use of the device, technology, materials, labeling, packaging, or manufacturing process may also require a new 510(k) clearance. Most recently, the FDA has proposed changes to its 510(k) pre-market clearance process and although we cannot predict
with certainty the future impact of these initiatives, it appears that the time and cost to get many of our medical devices to market could increase significantly. 

In addition, we are subject to regulations covering manufacturing practices, product labeling and advertising, and adverse-event reporting that apply after we have obtained clearance or approval to sell a
product. Our failure to maintain clearances or approvals for existing products, to obtain clearance or approval for new or modified products, or to adhere to regulations for manufacturing, labeling, advertising or adverse event reporting could
adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Further, if we determine a product manufactured or marketed by us does not meet our specifications, published standards or regulatory requirements, we may seek to correct the
product or withdraw the product from the market, which could have an adverse effect on our business. Many of our facilities and procedures and those of our suppliers are subject to ongoing oversight, including periodic inspection by governmental
authorities. Compliance with production, safety, quality control and quality assurance regulations can be costly and time-consuming. 

The
sales and marketing of medical devices is under increased scrutiny by the FDA and other enforcement bodies. If our sales and marketing activities fail to comply with FDA regulations or guidelines, or other applicable laws, we may be subject to
warnings or enforcement actions from the FDA or other enforcement bodies. A number of companies in the healthcare industry have been the subject of enforcement actions related to their sales and marketing practices, including their relationships
with doctors and off-label promotion of products. In April 2011, we received a federal administrative subpoena from the Department of Justice. Based on the request, we believe the Department of Justice is investigating various aspects of our sales
and marketing practices related to our ChloraPrep skin preparation product. See note 14 to the audited consolidated and combined financial statements included in this Form 10-K for more information. We cannot control the pace or scope of any
investigation, and responding to the subpoena request and any investigation will require the allocation of resources, including management time and attention. If we were to become the subject of an enforcement action, including any action resulting
from the Department of Justice investigation, it could result in negative publicity, penalties, fines, the exclusion of our products from reimbursement under federally-funded programs and/or prohibitions on our ability to sell our products, which
could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

14 

Table of Contents

Cost-containment efforts of our customers, purchasing groups, third-party payers and governmental
organizations could adversely affect our sales and profitability. 

Many existing and potential customers for our products within the
United States are members of GPOs and IDNs in an effort to reduce costs. GPOs and IDNs negotiate pricing arrangements with healthcare product manufacturers and distributors and offer the negotiated prices to affiliated hospitals and other members.
Due to the highly competitive nature of the GPO and IDN contracting processes, we may not be able to obtain or maintain contract positions with major GPOs and IDNs across our product portfolio. Furthermore, the increasing leverage of organized
buying groups may reduce market prices for our products, thereby reducing our profitability. 

While having a contract with a GPO or IDN can
facilitate sales to members of that GPO or IDN, it is no assurance that sales volume of those products will be maintained. The members of such groups may choose to purchase from our competitors due to the price or quality offered by such
competitors, which could result in a decline in our sales and profitability. 

In addition, our capital equipment products typically represent
a sizeable initial capital expenditure for healthcare organizations. Changes in the budgets of these organizations, the timing of spending under these budgets and conflicting spending priorities, including changes resulting from adverse economic
conditions, can have a significant effect on the demand for our capital equipment products and related services. In addition, the implementation of healthcare reform in the United States, which may reduce or eliminate the amount that healthcare
organizations may be reimbursed for our capital equipment products and related services, could further impact demand. Any such decreases in expenditures by these healthcare facilities and decreases in demand for our capital equipment products and
related services could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Distributors of our products may begin to
negotiate terms of sale more aggressively in an effort to increase their profitability. Failure to negotiate distribution arrangements having advantageous pricing or other terms of sale could adversely affect our results of operations and financial
condition. In addition, if we fail to implement distribution arrangements successfully, it could cause us to lose market share to our competitors. 

Outside the United States, we have experienced downward pricing pressure due to the concentration of purchasing power in centralized governmental healthcare authorities and increased efforts by such
authorities to lower healthcare costs. Our failure to offer acceptable prices to these customers could adversely affect our sales and profitability in these markets. 

Current economic conditions have and may continue to adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Disruptions in the financial markets and other macro-economic challenges currently affecting the economy and the economic outlook of the United States and other parts of the world have had and we expect
will continue to have an adverse impact on our results of operations and financial condition. Recessionary conditions and depressed levels of consumer and commercial spending have caused and may continue to cause our customers to reduce, modify,
delay or cancel plans to purchase our products and have caused and may continue to cause vendors to reduce their output or change terms of sales. We have observed certain hospitals delaying as well as prioritizing capital purchasing decisions, which
has had and we expect will continue to have an adverse impact on our financial results into the foreseeable future. If our customers’ cash flow or operating and financial performance deteriorate or fail to improve, or if they are unable to make
scheduled payments or obtain credit, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts receivable owed to us. Likewise, for similar reasons, vendors may restrict credit or impose different payment terms. 

We also extend credit through an equipment leasing program for a substantial portion of sales to our dispensing product customers. This program and any
similar programs that we may establish for sales of our other capital equipment, exposes us to certain risks. We are subject to the risk that if these customers fail to pay or delay payment for the products they purchase from us, it could result in
longer payment cycles, increased collection costs, defaults exceeding our expectations and an adverse impact on the cost or availability of financing. These 

15 

Table of Contents

risks related to our equipment leasing program may be exacerbated by a variety of factors, including adverse economic conditions, decreases in demand for our capital equipment products and
negative trends in the businesses of our leasing customers. 

Any inability of current and/or potential customers to pay us for our products or
any demands by vendors for different payment terms may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We may be
unable to realize any benefit from our cost reduction and restructuring efforts and our profitability may be hurt or our business otherwise might be adversely affected. 

In August 2010, we announced plans for various cost reduction and restructuring activities. These plans generated operating expense savings of approximately $103 million in fiscal year 2011, and we expect
incremental savings of approximately $25 million in fiscal year 2012, through direct and indirect overhead expense reductions and other savings. We may engage in other restructuring activities in the future, including related to the realignment of
our businesses into two new global operating segments and other related company initiatives. These types of cost reduction and restructuring activities are complex. If we do not successfully manage our current restructuring activities, or any other
restructuring activities that we may take in the future, any expected efficiencies and benefits might be delayed or not realized, and our operations and business could be disrupted. In addition, the costs associated with implementing our
restructuring plan might exceed expectations, which could result in additional future charges. 

We may be unable to protect our
intellectual property rights or may infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. 

We rely on a combination of patents,
trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and nondisclosure agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights may not be sufficient. We cannot be sure that our pending
patent applications will result in the issuance of patents to us, that patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors or that these patents will remain valid or sufficiently
broad to preclude our competitors from introducing technologies similar to those covered by our patents and patent applications. In addition, our ability to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights may be limited in certain countries
outside the United States, which could make it easier for competitors to capture market position in such countries by utilizing technologies that are similar to those developed or licensed by us. 

Competitors also may harm our sales by designing products that mirror the capabilities of our products or technology without infringing our intellectual
property rights. If we do not obtain sufficient protection for our intellectual property, or if we are unable to effectively enforce our intellectual property rights, our competitiveness could be impaired, which would limit our growth and future
revenue. 

We operate in an industry characterized by extensive patent litigation. Patent litigation is costly to defend and can result in
significant damage awards, including treble damages under certain circumstances, and injunctions that could prevent the manufacture and sale of affected products or force us to make significant royalty payments in order to continue selling the
affected products. At any given time, we are involved as either a plaintiff or a defendant in a number of patent infringement actions, the outcomes of which may not be known for prolonged periods of time. We can expect to face additional claims of
patent infringement in the future. A successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement against us could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Defects or failures associated with our products and/or our quality system could lead to the filing of adverse event reports, product recalls or
safety alerts and negative publicity and could subject us to regulatory actions. 

Manufacturing flaws, component failures, design
defects, off-label uses or inadequate disclosure of product-related information could result in an unsafe condition or the injury or death of a patient. These problems could lead to a recall of, or issuance of a safety alert relating to, our
products and result in significant costs and negative 

16 

Table of Contents

publicity. Due to the strong name recognition of our brands, an adverse event involving one of our products could result in reduced market acceptance and demand for all products within that
brand, and could harm our reputation and our ability to market our products in the future. In some circumstances, adverse events arising from or associated with the design, manufacture or marketing of our products could result in the suspension or
delay of regulatory reviews of our applications for new product approvals or clearances. We may also voluntarily undertake a recall of our products, temporarily shut down production lines, or place products on a shipping hold based on internal
safety and quality monitoring and testing data. 

Our future operating results will depend on our ability to sustain an effective quality
control system and effectively train and manage our employee base with respect to our quality system. Our quality system plays an essential role in determining and meeting customer requirements, preventing defects and improving our products and
services. While we have a network of quality systems throughout our business units and facilities, quality and safety issues may occur with respect to any of our products. A quality or safety issue may result in public warning letters, product
recalls or seizures, monetary sanctions, consent decrees, injunctions to halt manufacturing and distribution of products, civil or criminal sanctions, refusal of a government to grant clearances or approvals or delays in granting such clearances or
approvals, import detentions of products made outside the United States, restrictions on operations or withdrawal or suspension of existing approvals. Any of the foregoing events could disrupt our business and have an adverse effect on our results
of operations and financial condition. 

We are currently operating under an amended consent decree with the FDA and our failure to
comply with the requirements of the amended consent decree may have an adverse effect on our business. 

We are operating under an
amended consent decree with the FDA related to our infusion pump business in the United States. We entered into a consent decree with the FDA in February 2007 related to our Alaris SE pumps, and in February 2009, we and the FDA amended the consent
decree to include all infusion pumps manufactured by or for our subsidiary that manufactures and sells infusion pumps in the United States. In accordance with the amended consent decree, and in addition to the requirements of the original consent
decree, we implemented a corrective action plan to bring the Alaris System and all other infusion pumps in use in the United States market into compliance, had our infusion pump facilities inspected by an independent expert and had our recall
procedures and all ongoing recalls involving our infusion pumps inspected by an independent recall expert. In July 2010, the FDA notified us that we can proceed to the audit inspection phase of the amended consent decree, which includes the
requirement to retain an independent expert to conduct periodic audits of our infusion pump facilities. The costs associated with these ongoing audits, and any actions that we may need to take resulting from these audits, could be significant.

We have no reserve in connection with the amended consent decree to cover any future costs and expenses of compliance with the amended
consent decree. As such, we may be obligated to pay more costs in the future because, among other things, the FDA may determine that we are not fully compliant with the amended consent decree and therefore impose penalties under the amended consent
decree, and/or we may be subject to future proceedings and litigation relating to the matters addressed in the amended consent decree. Moreover, the matters addressed in the amended consent decree could lead to negative publicity that could have an
adverse impact on our business. The amended consent decree authorizes the FDA, in the event of any violations in the future, to order us to cease manufacturing and distributing, recall products and take other actions. We may also be required to pay
monetary damages if we fail to comply with any provision of the amended consent decree. See note 14 to the audited consolidated and combined financial statements included in this Form 10-K for more information. Any of the foregoing matters could
disrupt our business and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We may incur product liability
losses and other litigation liability. 

We are, and may be in the future, subject to product liability claims and lawsuits, including
potential class actions, alleging that our products have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition or injury. Any product 

17 

Table of Contents

liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could be costly to defend and could result in settlement payments and adjustments not covered by or in excess of insurance. In addition,
we may not be able to obtain insurance on terms acceptable to us or at all because insurance varies in cost and can be difficult to obtain. Our failure to successfully defend against product liability claims or maintain adequate insurance coverage
could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings. Legal
proceedings are inherently unpredictable, and the outcome can result in excessive verdicts and/or injunctive relief that may affect how we operate our business, or we may enter into settlements of claims for monetary damages that exceed our
insurance coverage, if any. In addition, we cannot predict the results of future legislative activity or future court decisions, any of which could lead to an increase in regulatory investigations or our exposure to litigation. Any such proceedings
or investigations, regardless of the merits, may result in substantial costs, the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns and additional restrictions on our sales or the use of our products, which could disrupt our
business and have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We rely on the performance of our information
technology systems, the failure of which could have an adverse effect on our business and performance. 

Our business requires the
continued operation of sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. These systems are vulnerable to interruption by fire, power loss, system malfunction and other events, which are beyond our control. Systems
interruptions could reduce our ability to manufacture and provide service for our products, and could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial performance. The level of protection and disaster-recovery capability varies from site to
site, and there can be no guarantee that any such plans, to the extent they are in place, will be totally effective. 

In addition, we are
pursuing initiatives to transform our information technology systems and processes. Many of our business units use disparate systems and processes, including those required to support critical functions related to our operations, sales, and
financial close and reporting. We are implementing new systems to better streamline and integrate critical functions, which we expect to result in improved efficiency and, over time, reduced costs. While we believe these initiatives
provide significant opportunity for us, they do expose us to inherent risks. We may suffer data loss or delays or other disruptions to our business, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
condition. If we fail to successfully implement new information technology systems and processes, we may fail to realize cost savings anticipated to be derived from these initiatives. 

An interruption in our ability to manufacture our products, an inability to obtain key components or raw materials or an increase in the cost of key components or raw materials may adversely affect
our business. 

Many of our key products are manufactured at single locations, with limited alternate facilities. If an event occurs
that results in damage to one or more of our facilities, it may not be possible to timely manufacture the relevant products at previous levels or at all. In addition, for reasons of quality assurance or cost effectiveness, we purchase certain
components and raw materials from sole suppliers. We may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources for certain components or materials. A reduction or interruption in manufacturing, or an inability to secure alternative
sources of raw materials or components that are acceptable to us, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Due to the highly competitive nature of the healthcare industry and the cost containment efforts of our customers and third-party payers, we may be unable to pass along cost increases for key components
or raw materials through higher prices to our customers. If the cost of key components or raw materials increases and we are unable fully to recover these increased costs through price increases or offset these increases through other cost
reductions, we could experience lower margins and profitability. 

18 

Table of Contents

We may engage in strategic transactions, including acquisitions, investments, or joint development
agreements that may have an adverse effect on our business. 

We may pursue transactions, including acquisitions of complementary
businesses, technology licensing arrangements and joint development agreements to expand our product offerings and geographic presence as part of our business strategy, which could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. We
may not complete transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and we may not realize the expected benefits of any acquisition, license arrangement or joint development agreement. Other companies may compete with us for
these strategic opportunities. We also could experience negative effects on our results of operations and financial condition from acquisition-related charges, amortization of intangible assets and asset impairment charges, and other issues that
could arise in connection with, or as a result of, the acquisition of an acquired company or business, including issues related to internal control over financial reporting, regulatory or compliance issues and potential adverse short-term effects on
results of operations through increased costs or otherwise. These effects, individually or in the aggregate, could cause a deterioration of our credit profile and/or ratings and result in reduced availability of credit to us or in increased
borrowing costs and interest expense. 

We could experience difficulties, expenditures, or other risks in integrating an acquired company,
business, or technology, including, among others: 

•

 diversion of management resources and focus from ongoing business matters; 

•

 retention of key employees following an acquisition; 

•

 demands on our operational resources and financial and internal control systems; 

•

 integration of an acquired company’s corporate and administrative functions and personnel; 

•

 liabilities of the acquired company, including litigation or other claims; and 

•

 consolidation of research and development operations. 

In addition, we may face additional risks related to foreign acquisitions, including risks related to cultural and language differences and particular economic, currency, political, and regulatory risks
associated with specific countries. If an acquired business fails to operate as anticipated or cannot be successfully integrated with our existing business, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

We may engage in the divestiture of some of our non-core businesses or product lines which may have an adverse effect on our business.

Our business strategy involves assessing our portfolio of businesses with a view of divesting non-core businesses and product lines
that do not align with our objectives. Any divestitures may result in a dilutive impact to our future earnings, as well as significant write-offs, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Divestitures could involve additional risks, including difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel, the diversion of management’s attention from
other business concerns, the disruption of our business and the potential loss of key employees. We may not be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that we encounter in divesting a business or product line. See note 2 to the
audited consolidated and combined financial statements included in this Form 10-K for a discussion of our divestitures. 

We may face
significant uncertainty in the industry due to government healthcare reform. 

Political, economic and regulatory influences are
subjecting the healthcare industry to fundamental changes. In March 2010, comprehensive healthcare reform legislation was signed into law in the United States through the passage of the Patient Protection and Affordable Health Care Act and the
Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act. Among other initiatives, the legislation provides for a 2.3% annual excise tax on the sales of certain medical devices in the United States, commencing in January 2013. This enacted excise tax may
adversely affect our operating expenses and results of operations. In addition, we anticipate that the current presidential administration, Congress and certain state legislatures will continue to review and assess alternative healthcare delivery
systems and 

19 

Table of Contents

payment methods with an objective of ultimately reducing healthcare costs and expanding access. Public debate of these issues will likely continue in the future. We cannot predict with certainty
what healthcare initiatives, if any, will be implemented at the state level, or what ultimate effect federal healthcare reform or any future legislation or regulation may have on our customers’ purchasing decisions regarding our products and
services. However, the implementation of new legislation and regulation may lower reimbursements for our products, reduce medical procedure volumes and adversely affect our business, possibly materially. 

We may need additional financing in the future to meet our capital needs or to make opportunistic acquisitions and such financing may not be
available on favorable terms, if at all, and may be dilutive to existing stockholders. 

We intend to increase our investment in
research and development activities, expand our sales and marketing activities, and may make acquisitions. Our ability to take these and other actions may be limited by our available liquidity, including our ability to access our foreign cash
balances in a tax-efficient manner. As a consequence, in the future, we may need to seek additional financing. We may be unable to obtain any desired additional financing on terms favorable to us, if at all. If we lose an investment grade credit
rating or adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to fund our expansion, successfully develop or enhance products or respond to competitive pressures, any of which could negatively affect our business. If we raise
additional funds through the issuance of equity securities, our stockholders will experience dilution of their ownership interest. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt, we may be subject to limitations on our operations due to restrictive
covenants. 

Additionally, our ability to make scheduled payments or refinance our obligations will depend on our operating and financial
performance, which in turn is subject to prevailing economic conditions and financial, business and other factors beyond our control. Recent disruptions in the financial markets, including the bankruptcy or restructuring of a number of financial
institutions and reduced lending activity, may adversely affect the availability, terms and cost of credit in the future. 

We are
subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the United States. 

Our operations outside of the United States are subject
to risks that are inherent in conducting business under non-United States laws, regulations and customs. Sales to customers outside of the United States made up approximately 20% of our revenue in fiscal year 2011, and we expect that non-United
States sales will contribute to future growth. The risks associated with our operations outside the United States include: 

•

 healthcare reform legislation; 

•

 changes in medical reimbursement policies and programs; 

•

 changes in non-United States government programs; 

•

 multiple non-United States regulatory requirements that are subject to change and that could restrict our ability to manufacture and sell our products;

•

 possible failure to comply with anti-bribery laws such as the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery laws in other
jurisdictions; 

•

 different local medical practices, product preferences and product requirements; 

•

 possible failure to comply with trade protection and restriction measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

•

 difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing non-United States operations; 

•

 different labor regulations or work stoppages or strikes; 

•

 changes in environmental, health and safety laws; 

•

 potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws, including changes regarding taxation of income earned outside the
United States; 

•

 political instability and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts; 

•

 economic instability and inflation, recession or interest rate fluctuations; 

20 

Table of Contents

•

 uncertainties regarding judicial systems and procedures; 

•

 minimal or diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries; and 

•

 regulatory changes that may place our products at a disadvantage. 

These risks, individually or in the aggregate, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. For example, we are subject to compliance with the United States Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act and similar anti-bribery laws, which generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign government officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. While our employees
and agents are required to comply with these laws, we cannot be sure that our internal policies and procedures will always protect us from violations of these laws, despite our commitment to legal compliance and corporate ethics. The occurrence or
allegation of these types of risks may adversely affect our business, performance, prospects, value, financial condition, and results of operations. 

We are also exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. If the United States dollar strengthens in relation to the currencies of other
countries such as the Euro, where we sell our products, our United States dollar reported revenue and income will decrease. Additionally, we incur significant costs in foreign currencies and a fluctuation in those currencies’ value can
negatively impact manufacturing and selling costs. Changes in the relative values of currencies occur regularly and, in some instances, could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We are subject to healthcare fraud and abuse regulations that could result in significant liability, require us to change our business practices
and restrict our operations in the future. 

We are subject to various United States federal, state and local laws targeting fraud
and abuse in the healthcare industry, including anti-kickback and false claims laws. Violations of these laws are punishable by criminal or civil sanctions, including substantial fines, imprisonment and exclusion from participation in healthcare
programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. These laws and regulations are wide ranging and subject to changing interpretation and application, which could restrict our sales or marketing practices. Furthermore, since many of our customers rely on
reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid and other governmental programs to cover a substantial portion of their expenditures, our exclusion from such programs as a result of a violation of these laws could have an adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition. 

We have a significant amount of indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business and our
ability to meet our obligations. 

We have outstanding $1.4 billion of senior unsecured notes that were utilized to finance our
separation from Cardinal Health. This significant amount of debt has important risks to us and our investors, including: 

•

 requiring a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to make interest payments on this debt; 

•

 making it more difficult to satisfy debt service and other obligations; 

•

 increasing the risk of a future credit ratings downgrade of our debt, which could increase future debt costs and limit the future availability of debt
financing; 

•

 increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 reducing the cash flow available to fund capital expenditures and other corporate purposes and to grow our business; 

•

 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the industry; 

•

 placing us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors that may not be as highly leveraged with debt as we are; and

•

 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds as needed or take advantage of business opportunities as they arise, pay cash dividends or repurchase
common stock. 

In addition, on July 6, 2011, we entered into a $550 million senior unsecured revolving credit facility
(maturing July 6, 2016). To the extent that we draw on our credit facility or otherwise incur additional indebtedness, the 

21 

Table of Contents

risks described above could increase. Further, if we increase our indebtedness, our actual cash requirements in the future may be greater than expected. Our cash flow from operations may not be
sufficient to repay all of the outstanding debt as it becomes due, and we may not be able to borrow money, sell assets or otherwise raise funds on acceptable terms, or at all, to refinance our debt. 

As a result of various restrictive covenants in the agreements governing our senior unsecured revolving credit facility and our senior unsecured notes,
our financial flexibility will be restricted in a number of ways. The agreement governing the senior unsecured revolving credit facility subjects us to several financial and other restrictive covenants, including limitations on liens, subsidiary
indebtedness and transactions with affiliates. Our senior unsecured revolving credit facility also requires us to meet certain financial ratio tests on an ongoing basis that may require us to take action and reduce debt or act in a manner contrary
to our business objectives. Events beyond our control, including changes in general economic and business conditions, may affect our ability to meet those financial ratios and financial condition tests. We cannot be sure that we will be able to meet
those tests or that the lenders will waive any failure to meet those tests. A breach of any of these covenants would result in a default under our senior revolving credit facility. If an event of default under our senior unsecured revolving credit
facility or senior unsecured notes occurs, the lenders could elect to declare all amounts outstanding thereunder, together with accrued interest, to be immediately due and payable. 

Tax legislation initiatives or challenges to our tax positions could adversely affect our results of operation and financial condition. 

We are a large multinational corporation with operations in the United States and international jurisdictions. As such, we are subject to the tax laws
and regulations of the United States federal, state and local governments and of many international jurisdictions. From time to time, various legislative initiatives may be proposed that could adversely affect our tax positions. We cannot be
sure that our effective tax rate or tax payments will not be adversely affected by these initiatives. In addition, United States federal, state and local, as well as international, tax laws and regulations are extremely complex and subject to
varying interpretations. There can be no assurance that our tax positions will not be challenged by relevant tax authorities or that we would be successful in any such challenge. 

Our reserves against disputed tax obligations may ultimately prove to be insufficient. 

The Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) has ongoing audits of Cardinal Health’s fiscal years 2001 through 2007. During the quarter ended September 30, 2008, Cardinal Health received an
IRS Revenue Agent’s Report for the fiscal years ending June 30, 2003 through 2005 that included Notices of Proposed Adjustment related to transfer pricing arrangements between our foreign and domestic subsidiaries and the transfer of
intellectual property among our subsidiaries, which we have appealed. The amount of additional tax proposed by the IRS in these notices totals $462 million, excluding penalties and interest, which may be significant. In addition, during the
quarter ended December 31, 2010 we received an IRS Revenue Agent’s Report for fiscal years 2006 and 2007 that included Notices of Proposed Adjustment related to transfer pricing arrangements between foreign and domestic subsidiaries. We
and Cardinal Health disagree with the IRS regarding its application of the United States Treasury regulations to the arrangements under review and the valuations underlying such adjustments and intend to vigorously contest them. During the
quarter ended December 31, 2010, we began substantive discussions with the IRS Appeals office related to our 2003 through 2005 fiscal years and those discussions are ongoing. During the quarter ending September 30, 2011, we will commence
the tax audit for the fiscal years 2008 and 2009 and the short period July 1 through August 31, 2009, as part of Cardinal Health’s tax audit of its federal consolidated returns for fiscal years 2008 through 2010. 

We regularly review our tax reserves and make adjustments to our reserves when appropriate. Accounting for tax reserves involves complex and subjective
estimates by management, which can change over time based on new information or changing events or circumstances, including events or circumstances outside of our control. Although we believe that we have provided appropriate tax reserves for any
potential tax exposures, we may not be 

22 

Table of Contents

fully reserved and it is possible that we may be obligated to pay amounts in excess of our reserves, including the full amount that the IRS is seeking in the appeals matters for our 2003 through
2007 fiscal tax years. The tax matters agreement that we entered into with Cardinal Health in connection with the separation generally provides that the control of audit proceedings and payment of any additional liability related to our business is
our responsibility. Any future change in estimate or obligation could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. See note 13 to the audited consolidated and combined financial statements included in this Form 10-K filed for
a discussion of the Notices of Proposed Adjustment for our fiscal years ended 2003 through 2007 and the change to our tax reserves. 

If
there is a determination that the separation is taxable for United States federal income tax purposes because the facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings underlying the IRS ruling or tax opinions are incorrect or for any other reason,
then Cardinal Health and its shareholders that are subject to United States federal income tax could incur significant United States federal income tax liabilities and we could incur significant liabilities. 

In connection with the separation, Cardinal Health received a private letter ruling from the IRS substantially to the effect that, among other things,
the contribution and the distribution qualified as a transaction that is tax-free for United States federal income tax purposes under Sections 355(a) and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (“the Code”). In
addition, Cardinal Health received opinions of Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP and Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, co-counsel to Cardinal Health, to the effect that the contribution and the distribution qualified as a transaction that
is described in Sections 355(a) and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code. The ruling and opinions relied on certain facts, assumptions, representations and undertakings from Cardinal Health and us regarding the past and future conduct of the companies’
respective businesses and other matters. If any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings were incorrect or not otherwise satisfied, Cardinal Health and its shareholders may not be able to rely on the ruling or the opinions of tax
counsel and could be subject to significant tax liabilities. Notwithstanding the private letter ruling and opinions of tax counsel, the IRS could determine on audit that the separation is taxable if it determines that any of these facts,
assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct, have been violated or if it disagrees with the conclusions in the opinions that are not covered by the private letter ruling, or for other reasons, including as a result of certain
significant changes in the stock ownership of Cardinal Health or us after the separation. If the separation is determined to be taxable for United States federal income tax purposes, Cardinal Health and its shareholders that are subject to United
States federal income tax could incur significant United States federal income tax liabilities and we could incur significant liabilities. 

Our success depends on our key personnel, and the loss of key personnel or the transition of key personnel, including our Chief Executive Officer,
could disrupt our business. 

Our success depends on the continued contributions of our senior management and other key research and
development, sales, marketing and operations personnel. In addition, the transition of key personnel exposes us to additional risks. Effective as of December 1, 2010, we announced James Hinrichs as our Chief Financial Officer, and effective as
of January 29, 2011, we announced Kieran Gallahue as our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. In addition, on June 30, 2011, Dwight Winstead, our Chief Operating Officer left the company. While we will strive to make these transitions as
smooth as possible, the transition process related to these individuals, as well as for any other key personnel, may result in disruptions to our operations, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

Furthermore, our success depends on our ability to continue to attract, retain and motivate our senior management and other key personnel.
Achieving this objective may be difficult due to many factors, including the intense competition for such highly skilled personnel, fluctuations in global economic and industry conditions, changes in our senior management, competitors’ hiring
practices, and the effectiveness of our compensation programs. If we are unable to attract, retain and motivate such personnel in sufficient numbers and on a timely basis, we may experience difficulty in implementing our business strategy, which
could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

23 

Table of Contents

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 

Your percentage of ownership in us may be diluted in the future. 

As with any
publicly-traded company, your percentage ownership in us may be diluted in the future because of equity issuances for acquisitions, capital market transactions or otherwise, including equity awards that we expect will be granted to our directors,
officers and employees. 

Our stock price may fluctuate significantly. 

The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly due to a number of factors, some of which may be beyond our control, including: 

•

 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results; 

•

 changes in earnings estimated by securities analysts or our ability to meet those estimates; 

•

 the operating and stock price performance of comparable companies; and 

•

 domestic and foreign economic conditions. 

Certain provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated by-laws, and of Delaware law, may prevent or delay an acquisition of our company, which could
decrease the trading price of our common stock. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our amended and restated
by-laws and Delaware law contain provisions that are intended to deter coercive takeover practices and inadequate takeover bids by making such practices or bids unacceptably expensive to the raider and to encourage prospective acquirers to negotiate
with our board of directors rather than to attempt a hostile takeover. These provisions include, among others: 

•

 the inability of our stockholders to call a special meeting; 

•

 rules regarding how stockholders may present proposals or nominate directors for election at stockholder meetings; 

•

 the right of our board to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval; 

•

 the division of our board of directors into three classes of directors, with each class serving a staggered three-year term;

•

 a provision that stockholders may only remove directors with cause; 

•

 the ability of our directors, and not stockholders, to fill vacancies on our board of directors; and 

•

 the requirement that stockholders holding at least 80% of our voting stock are required to amend certain provisions in our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and our amended and restated by-laws relating to the number, term and election of our directors, the filling of board vacancies, stockholder notice procedures and the calling of special meetings of stockholders.

Delaware law also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or
more of our outstanding common stock. 

We believe these provisions will protect our stockholders from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover
tactics by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors and by providing our board of directors with more time to assess any acquisition proposal. These provisions are not intended to make our company immune from takeovers.
However, these provisions will apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our board of directors determines is not in the best interests of our company and our
stockholders. These provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors.