Natural
gas and oil prices are volatile. A decline in prices could adversely affect our financial position, financial results, cash flows, access to capital and ability to grow. 

Our revenues, operating results, profitability and future rate of growth depend primarily upon the prices we receive for the natural gas and oil we sell.
Prices also affect the amount of cash flow available for capital expenditures and our ability to borrow money or raise additional capital. The amount we can borrow from banks is subject to periodic redeterminations based on prices specified by our
bank group at the time of redetermination. In addition, falling prices may result in ceiling test write-downs of our natural gas and oil properties, as described below in the risk factor “Price declines during 2008 resulted in a write-down of
our asset carrying values and future price declines could result in additional write-downs in the future”. 

Historically, the markets
for natural gas and oil have been volatile and they are likely to continue to be volatile. Wide fluctuations in natural gas and oil prices may result from relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for natural gas and oil, market
uncertainty and other factors that are beyond our control, including: 

•

 worldwide and domestic supplies of natural gas and oil, including U.S. inventories of natural gas and oil reserves; 

•

 weather conditions; 

•

 the level of consumer demand; 

•

 the price and availability of alternative fuels; 

22 

Table of Contents

•

 the proximity and capacity of natural gas pipelines and other transportation facilities; 

•

 the price and level of foreign imports; 

•

 domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; 

•

 the ability of the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to agree to and maintain oil price and production controls;

•

 political instability or armed conflict in oil-producing regions; and 

•

 overall domestic and global economic conditions. 

These factors and the volatility of the energy markets make it extremely difficult to predict future natural gas and oil price movements with any certainty. Declines in natural gas and oil prices not only reduce
revenue, but also reduce the amount of natural gas and oil that we can produce economically and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and reserves. Further, natural gas and oil prices do
not necessarily move in tandem. Because approximately 94% of our reserves at December 31, 2008 were natural gas reserves, we are more affected by movements in natural gas prices. 

Our level of indebtedness may limit our financial flexibility. 

As of December 31, 2008, we had long-term indebtedness of approximately $14.184 billion, with $3.474 billion of outstanding borrowings drawn under
our revolving bank credit facility and $460 million of outstanding borrowings drawn under our midstream revolving bank credit facility. Our net indebtedness represented 43% of our total book capitalization at December 31, 2008. Following the
February 2009 issuance of $1.425 billion of 9.5% Senior Notes due 2015, we had as of February 26, 2009 $1.630 billion outstanding under our revolving bank credit facility and $424 million outstanding under our midstream revolving bank credit
facility. 

Our level of indebtedness and preferred stock affects our operations in several ways, including the following: 

•

 a portion of our cash flows from operating activities must be used to service our indebtedness and pay dividends on our preferred stock and is not available for
other purposes; 

•

 we may be at a competitive disadvantage as compared to similar companies that have less debt; 

•

 the covenants contained in the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness and future indebtedness may limit our ability to borrow additional funds, pay
dividends and make certain investments and may also affect our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in the economy and in our industry; 

•

 additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate or other purposes may have higher costs and more
restrictive covenants; and 

•

 changes in the credit ratings of our debt may negatively affect the cost, terms, conditions and availability of future financing, and lower ratings will increase
the interest rate and fees we pay on our revolving bank credit facilities. 

We may incur additional debt, including
secured indebtedness, or issue additional series of preferred stock in order to develop our properties and make future acquisitions. A higher level of indebtedness and/or additional preferred stock increases the risk that we may default on our
obligations. Our ability to meet our debt obligations and to reduce our level of indebtedness depends on our future performance. General economic conditions, natural gas and oil prices and financial, business and other factors affect our operations
and our future performance. Many of these factors are beyond our control. Factors that will affect our ability to raise cash through an offering of our capital stock or a refinancing of our debt include financial market conditions, the value of our
assets, the number of shares of capital stock we have authorized, unissued and unreserved and our performance at the time we need capital. 

23 

Table of Contents

Chesapeake Midstream Operating’s midstream revolving bank credit facility contains a covenant
restricting Chesapeake Midstream Partners from paying dividends or distributions to Chesapeake. 

In addition, our bank borrowing base is
subject to periodic redetermination. A lowering of our borrowing base could require us to repay indebtedness in excess of the borrowing base, or we might need to further secure the lenders with additional collateral. 

The current financial crisis may have impacts on our business and financial condition that we cannot predict. 

The continued credit crisis and related turmoil in the global economic financial systems may have an impact on our business and our financial condition,
and we may face challenges if conditions in the economy and financial markets do not improve. Although we believe we have developed an operating and capital budget for 2009 and 2010 that will allow us to fund our business with internally generated
cash flow, our cash flow from operations, our revolving bank credit facility and cash on hand historically have not been sufficient to fund all of our expenditures, and we have relied on the capital markets and asset monetization transactions to
provide us with additional capital. Our ability to access the capital markets has been restricted from time to time as a result of this crisis and may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to raise capital. The financial crisis may
also limit the number of participants in our proposed asset monetization transactions or reduce the values we are able to realize in those transactions, making them uneconomic or harder or impossible to consummate. The economic situation could also
adversely affect the collectability of our trade receivables and cause our commodity hedging arrangements to be ineffective if our counterparties are unable to perform their obligations or seek bankruptcy protection. If our joint venture partners do
not meet their obligations to fund a portion of our drilling costs in the Haynesville, Fayetteville or Marcellus Shale plays as agreed under our joint venture arrangements, or if our Haynesville joint venture partner, Plains Exploration &
Production Company, exercises its option in June 2010 to reduce its drilling cost carry obligation by $800 million as described in Item 1 of this report under “Operating Areas”, we may be required to fund these expenditures from other
sources or reduce our drilling activities. Additionally, the current economic situation could lead to reduced demand for natural gas and oil or lower prices for natural gas and oil or both, over the long term, which would have a negative impact on
our revenues. 

Price declines at the end of 2008 resulted in a write-down of our asset carrying values and further price declines
could result in additional write-downs in the future. 

We utilize the full-cost method of accounting for costs related to our
natural gas and oil properties. Under this method, all such costs (for both productive and nonproductive properties) are capitalized and amortized on an aggregate basis over the estimated lives of the properties using the unit-of-production method.
However, these capitalized costs are subject to a ceiling test which limits such pooled costs to the aggregate of the present value of future net revenues attributable to proved natural gas and oil reserves discounted at 10% plus the lower of cost
or market value of unproved properties. The full-cost ceiling is evaluated at the end of each quarter using the prices for natural gas and oil at that date, adjusted for the impact of derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges. 

Natural gas and oil prices declined substantially throughout the second half of 2008 and were $5.71 per mcf and $44.61 per barrel on December 31,
2008. Our financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2008 reflect an impairment of approximately $1.7 billion, net of income tax, of our natural gas and oil properties. We also had an after-tax non-cash impairment charge to
certain investments and fixed assets of approximately $128 million for the 2008 fourth quarter as a result of lower asset valuation estimates. 

Commodity prices in early 2009 have continued to trend lower. This and other factors could cause us to write down our natural gas and oil properties or other assets in the future and incur a non-cash charge against future earnings.

24 

Table of Contents

Significant capital expenditures are required to replace our reserves. 

Our exploration, development and acquisition activities require substantial capital expenditures. Historically, we have funded our capital expenditures
through a combination of cash flows from operations, our revolving bank credit facility and debt and equity issuances. Beginning in late 2007, we have also engaged in significant asset monetization transactions. Future cash flows are subject to a
number of variables, such as the level of production from existing wells, prices of natural gas and oil, our success in developing and producing new reserves, the orderly functioning of credit and capital markets and our ability to complete
additional planned asset monetization transactions. If revenues were to decrease as a result of lower natural gas and oil prices or decreased production, and our access to capital were limited, we would have a reduced ability to replace our
reserves. If our cash flow from operations is not sufficient to fund our capital expenditure budget, we may not be able to access additional bank debt, debt or equity or other methods of financing on an economic basis to meet these requirements.

If we are not able to replace reserves, we may not be able to sustain production. 

Our future success depends largely upon our ability to find, develop or acquire additional natural gas and oil reserves that are economically
recoverable. Unless we replace the reserves we produce through successful development, exploration or acquisition activities, our proved reserves and production will decline over time. In addition, approximately 33% of our total estimated proved
reserves (by volume) at December 31, 2008 were undeveloped. By their nature, estimates of undeveloped reserves are less certain. Recovery of such reserves will require significant capital expenditures and successful drilling operations. Our
reserve estimates reflect that our production rate on producing properties will decline approximately 29% from 2009 to 2010. Thus, our future natural gas and oil reserves and production and, therefore, our cash flow and income are highly dependent
on our success in efficiently developing and exploiting our current reserves and economically finding or acquiring additional recoverable reserves. 

The actual quantities and present value of our proved reserves may prove to be lower than we have estimated. 

This
report contains estimates of our proved reserves and the estimated future net revenues from our proved reserves. These estimates are based upon various assumptions, including assumptions required by the SEC relating to natural gas and oil prices,
drilling and operating expenses, capital expenditures, taxes and availability of funds. The process of estimating natural gas and oil reserves is complex. The process involves significant decisions and assumptions in the evaluation of available
geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data for each reservoir. Therefore, these estimates are inherently imprecise. 

Actual
future production, natural gas and oil prices, revenues, taxes, development expenditures, operating expenses and quantities of recoverable natural gas and oil reserves most likely will vary from these estimates. Such variations may be significant
and could materially affect the estimated quantities and present value of our proved reserves. In addition, we may adjust estimates of proved reserves to reflect production history, results of exploration and development drilling, prevailing natural
gas and oil prices and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our properties may also be susceptible to hydrocarbon drainage from production by operators on adjacent properties. 

At December 31, 2008, approximately 33% of our estimated proved reserves (by volume) were undeveloped. Recovery of undeveloped reserves requires
significant capital expenditures and successful drilling operations. These reserve estimates include the assumption that we will make significant capital expenditures to develop the reserves, including approximately $925 million in 2009. You should
be aware that the estimated costs may not be accurate, development may not occur as scheduled and results may not be as estimated. 

You
should not assume that the present values referred to in this report represent the current market value of our estimated natural gas and oil reserves. In accordance with SEC requirements, the estimates of our present 

25 

Table of Contents

values are based on prices and costs as of the date of the estimates. The December 31, 2008 present value is based on weighted average natural gas and
oil wellhead prices of $5.12 per mcf of natural gas and $41.60 per barrel of oil. Actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower than the prices and costs as of the date of an estimate. 

Any changes in consumption by natural gas and oil purchasers or in governmental regulations or taxation will also affect actual future net cash flows.

The timing of both the production and the expenses from the development and production of natural gas and oil properties will affect both
the timing of actual future net cash flows from our proved reserves and their present value. In addition, the 10% discount factor, which is required by the SEC to be used in calculating discounted future net cash flows for reporting purposes, is not
necessarily the most accurate discount factor. The effective interest rate at various times and the risks associated with our business or the natural gas and oil industry in general will affect the accuracy of the 10% discount factor. 

Exploration and development drilling may not result in commercially productive reserves. 

We do not always encounter commercially productive reservoirs through our drilling operations. The new wells we drill or participate in may not be
productive and we may not recover all or any portion of our investment in new wells. The seismic data and other technologies we use do not allow us to know conclusively prior to drilling a well that oil or natural gas is present or may be produced
economically. The cost of drilling, completing and operating a well is often uncertain, and cost factors can adversely affect the economics of a project. Our efforts will be unprofitable if we drill dry wells or wells that are productive but do not
produce enough reserves to return a profit after drilling, operating and other costs. Further, our drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of a variety of factors, including: 

•

 increases in the cost of, or shortages or delays in the availability of, drilling rigs and equipment; 

•

 unexpected drilling conditions; 

•

 restricted access to land for drilling or laying pipeline; 

•

 pressure or irregularities in formations; 

•

 equipment failures or accidents; 

•

 adverse weather conditions; and 

•

 compliance with environmental and other governmental requirements. 

Drilling results in our newer shale plays, primarily the Haynesville and Marcellus Shales, may be more uncertain than in shale plays that are more developed and have longer established production histories, such as
the Barnett and Fayetteville Shales. Our experience with horizontal drilling in the Haynesville and Marcellus Shales, as well as the industry’s drilling and production history, is more limited than in the Barnett and Fayetteville Shale plays.
Completion techniques that have proven to be successful in other shale formations to maximize recoveries are being used in the early development of the Haynesville and Marcellus Shales; however, we can provide no assurance of the ultimate success of
these drilling and completion techniques. 

Certain of our undeveloped leasehold acreage is subject to leases that will expire over
the next several years unless production is established on units containing the acreage. 

As of December 31, 2008, we had
leases on approximately 0.46 million and 1.25 million net acres, respectively, in the Haynesville and Marcellus Shale areas. A sizeable portion of this acreage is not currently held by production. Unless production in paying quantities is
established on units containing these leases during their terms, the leases will expire. If our leases expire and we are unable to renew the leases, we will lose our right to develop the related properties. Our drilling plans for these areas are
subject to change based upon various 

26 

Table of Contents

factors, including drilling results, natural gas and oil prices, the availability and cost of capital, drilling and production costs, availability of
drilling services and equipment, gathering system and pipeline transportation constraints, and regulatory approvals. 

Our hedging
activities may reduce the realized prices received for our natural gas and oil sales and require us to provide collateral for hedging liabilities. 

In order to manage our exposure to price volatility in marketing our natural gas and oil, we enter into natural gas and oil price risk management arrangements for a portion of our expected production. Commodity price
hedging may limit the prices we actually realize and therefore reduce natural gas and oil revenues in the future. Our commodity hedging activities will impact our earnings in various ways, including recognition of certain mark-to-market gains and
losses on derivative instruments. The fair value of our natural gas and oil derivative instruments can fluctuate significantly between periods. In addition, our commodity price risk management transactions may expose us to the risk of financial loss
in certain circumstances, including instances in which: 

•

 our production is less than expected; 

•

 there is a widening of price differentials between delivery points for our production and the delivery point assumed in the hedge arrangement; or

•

 the counterparties to our contracts fail to perform under the contracts. 

All but three of our commodity price risk management counterparties require us to provide assurances of performance in the event that the
counterparties’ mark-to-market exposure to us exceeds certain levels. Most of these arrangements allow us to minimize the potential liquidity impact of significant mark-to-market fluctuations by making collateral allocations from our revolving
bank credit facility or directly pledging natural gas and oil properties, rather than posting cash or letters of credit with the counterparties. Future collateral requirements are uncertain, however, and will depend on the arrangements with our
counterparties and highly volatile natural gas and oil prices. 

Acquisitions may prove to be worth less than we paid because of
uncertainties in evaluating recoverable reserves and potential liabilities and market forces may change expected economics of acquisitions. 

Our growth during the past few years is due in large part to acquisitions of exploration and production companies, producing properties and undeveloped leasehold. Successful acquisitions require an assessment of a number of factors,
including estimates of recoverable reserves, exploration potential, future natural gas and oil prices, operating costs and potential environmental and other liabilities. Such assessments are inexact and their accuracy is inherently uncertain. In
connection with our assessments, we perform a review of the acquired properties which we believe is generally consistent with industry practices. However, such a review will not reveal all existing or potential problems. In addition, our review may
not permit us to become sufficiently familiar with the properties to fully assess their deficiencies and capabilities. We do not inspect every well. Even when we inspect a well, we do not always discover structural, subsurface and environmental
problems that may exist or arise. As a result of these factors, the purchase price we pay to acquire natural gas and oil properties may exceed the value we realize. We are generally not entitled to contractual indemnification for preclosing
liabilities, including environmental liabilities. Normally, we acquire interests in properties on an “as is” basis with limited remedies for breaches of representations and warranties. When we make entity acquisitions, we may have
transferee liability that is not fully indemnified. The company currently is a defendant in cases involving acquired companies where we may have no, or only limited, indemnification rights. In any such actions we could incur significant liability.

Finally, market forces beyond our control may change the expected economics of acquisitions. Due to the current financial crisis,
decreases in natural gas prices and concerns about an oversupply of natural gas in the U.S., for example, market prices for undeveloped natural gas leasehold declined considerably during the second 

27 

Table of Contents

half of 2008. As a result, we have not closed on pending transactions with several significant Haynesville Shale mineral or leasehold owners and instead are
seeking to acquire their interests at reduced prices. We have reached agreement with some of these owners and are still negotiating with others, including owners that have filed lawsuits against us alleging enforceable contracts providing for lease
bonus payments above current market prices. 

Lower natural gas and oil prices could negatively impact our ability to borrow. 

Our revolving bank credit facility limits our borrowings to the lesser of the borrowing base and the total commitments. Currently both are
$3.5 billion, although one lender, Lehman Brothers Commercial Bank, has not funded its share (2.1%) of our borrowings under the facility beginning in the third quarter of 2008, and we do not expect that it would fund any future borrowings. The
borrowing base is determined periodically at the discretion of the banks and is based in part on natural gas and oil prices. Additionally, some of our indentures contain covenants limiting our ability to incur indebtedness in addition to that
incurred under our revolving bank credit facility. These indentures limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness unless we meet one of two alternative tests. The first alternative is based on our adjusted consolidated net tangible assets (as
defined in all of our indentures), which is determined using discounted future net revenues from proved natural gas and oil reserves as of the end of each year. The second alternative is based on the ratio of our adjusted consolidated EBITDA (as
defined in the relevant indentures) to our adjusted consolidated interest expense (as defined in the relevant indentures) over a trailing twelve-month period. Currently, we are permitted to incur additional indebtedness under both debt incurrence
tests. Lower natural gas and oil prices in the future could reduce our adjusted consolidated EBITDA, as well as our adjusted consolidated net tangible assets, and thus could reduce our ability to incur additional indebtedness. 

Natural gas and oil drilling and producing operations can be hazardous and may expose us to environmental liabilities. 

Natural gas and oil operations are subject to many risks, including well blowouts, cratering and explosions, pipe failures, fires, formations with
abnormal pressures, uncontrollable flows of oil, natural gas, brine or well fluids, and other environmental hazards and risks. Our drilling operations involve risks from high pressures and from mechanical difficulties such as stuck pipes, collapsed
casings and separated cables. If any of these risks occurs, we could sustain substantial losses as a result of: 

•

 injury or loss of life; 

•

 severe damage to or destruction of property, natural resources or equipment; 

•

 pollution or other environmental damage; 

•

 clean-up responsibilities; 

•

 regulatory investigations and administrative, civil and criminal penalties; and 

•

 injunctions resulting in limitation or suspension of operations. 

There is inherent risk of incurring significant environmental costs and liabilities in our exploration and production operations due to our generation, handling, and disposal of materials, including wastes and
petroleum hydrocarbons. We may incur joint and several, strict liability under applicable U.S. federal and state environmental laws in connection with releases of petroleum hydrocarbons and other hazardous substances at, on, under or from our leased
or owned properties, some of which have been used for natural gas and oil exploration and production activities for a number of years, often by third parties not under our control. For our non-operated properties, we are dependent on the operator
for operational and regulatory compliance. While we may maintain insurance against some, but not all, of the risks described above, our insurance may not be adequate to cover casualty losses or liabilities, and our insurance does not cover penalties
or fines that may be assessed by a governmental authority. Also, in the future we may not be able to obtain insurance at premium levels that justify its purchase. 

28 

Table of Contents

In addition, studies have suggested that emissions of certain gases, commonly referred to as
“greenhouse gases”, may be impacting the Earth’s climate. Methane, a primary component of natural gas, and carbon dioxide, a byproduct of the burning of natural gas, are examples of greenhouse gases. The U.S. Congress and various
states have been evaluating climate-related legislation and other regulatory initiatives that would restrict emissions of greenhouse gases in areas in which we conduct business. Such restrictions may have an effect on demand for our products,
particularly because natural gas is viewed by many as a readily available replacement for more carbon intensive sources of energy. Likewise, such restrictions may result in additional compliance obligations with respect to the release, capture and
use of carbon dioxide that could have an adverse effect on our operations. 

It is customary in our industry to use hydraulic fracturing
– a process that creates a fracture extending from the well bore in a rock formation – to enable gas or oil to move more easily through the rock pores to a production well. Fractures are typically created through the injection of water and
chemicals into the rock formation. Legislative and regulatory efforts at the federal level and in some states have been made to render permitting and compliance requirements more stringent for hydraulic fracturing. Such efforts could have an adverse
effect on our operations. 

Our ability to sell natural gas and/or receive market prices for our natural gas may be adversely affected
by pipeline and gathering system capacity constraints and various transportation interruptions. 

If drilling in the Haynesville and
Marcellus Shales continues to be successful, the amount of natural gas being produced by us and others could exceed the capacity of the various gathering and intrastate or interstate transportation pipelines currently available in these areas. If
this occurs, it will be necessary for new pipelines and gathering systems to be built. Because of the current economic climate, certain pipeline projects that are planned for the Haynesville and Marcellus Shale areas may not occur for lack of
financing. In addition, capital constraints could limit our ability to build intrastate gathering systems necessary to transport our gas to interstate pipelines. In such event, we might have to shut in our wells awaiting a pipeline connection or
capacity and/or sell natural gas production at significantly lower prices than those quoted on NYMEX or than we currently project, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 

A portion of our natural gas and oil production in any region may be interrupted, or shut in, from time to time for numerous reasons, including as a
result of weather conditions, accidents, loss of pipeline or gathering system access, field labor issues or strikes, or we might voluntarily curtail production in response to market conditions. If a substantial amount of our production is
interrupted at the same time, it could temporarily adversely affect our cash flow.