Oil and natural
gas prices are volatile. A decline in prices could adversely affect our financial position, financial results, cash flows, access to capital and ability to grow. 

Our revenues, operating results, profitability and future rate of growth depend primarily upon the prices we receive for the oil and natural gas we sell. Prices also affect the amount of cash flow available for
capital expenditures and our ability to borrow money or raise additional capital. The amount we can borrow from banks is subject to periodic redeterminations based on prices specified by our bank group at the time of redetermination. In addition, we
may have ceiling test write-downs in the future if prices fall significantly. 

Historically, the markets for oil and natural gas have been
volatile and they are likely to continue to be volatile. Wide fluctuations in oil and natural gas prices may result from relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for oil and natural gas, market uncertainty and other factors that are
beyond our control, including: 

•

 worldwide and domestic supplies of oil and natural gas; 

•

 weather conditions; 

•

 the level of consumer demand; 

•

 the price and availability of alternative fuels; 

•

 the proximity and capacity of natural gas pipelines and other transportation facilities; 

•

 the price and level of foreign imports; 

•

 domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; 

•

 the ability of the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to agree to and maintain oil price and production controls;

•

 political instability or armed conflict in oil-producing regions; and 

•

 overall domestic and global economic conditions. 

These factors and the volatility of the energy markets make it extremely difficult to predict future oil and natural gas price movements with any certainty. Declines in oil and natural gas prices would not only reduce
revenue, but could reduce the amount of oil and natural gas that we can produce economically and, as a result, 

19 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and reserves. Further, oil and natural gas prices do not necessarily
move in tandem. Because approximately 93% of our reserves at December 31, 2006 were natural gas reserves, we are more affected by movements in natural gas prices. 

Our level of indebtedness may limit our financial flexibility. 

As of December 31, 2006,
we had long-term indebtedness of approximately $7.4 billion, with $178 million of outstanding borrowings drawn under our revolving bank credit facility. Our long-term indebtedness represented 40% of our total book capitalization at December 31,
2006. As of February 23, 2007, we had approximately $1.033 billion outstanding under our revolving bank credit facility. 

Our level of
indebtedness and preferred stock affects our operations in several ways, including the following: 

•

 a portion of our cash flows from operating activities must be used to service our indebtedness and pay dividends on our preferred stock and is not available for
other purposes; 

•

 we may be at a competitive disadvantage as compared to similar companies that have less debt; 

•

 the covenants contained in the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness and future indebtedness may limit our ability to borrow additional funds, pay
dividends and make certain investments and may also affect our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in the economy and in our industry; 

•

 additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate or other purposes may have higher costs and more
restrictive covenants; 

•

 changes in the credit ratings of our debt may negatively affect the cost, terms, conditions and availability of future financing, and lower ratings will increase
the interest rate and fees we pay on our revolving bank credit facility; and 

•

 we may be more vulnerable to general adverse economic and industry conditions. 

We may incur additional debt, including significant secured indebtedness, or issue additional series of preferred stock in order to make future
acquisitions or to develop our properties. A higher level of indebtedness and/or additional preferred stock increases the risk that we may default on our obligations. Our ability to meet our debt obligations and to reduce our level of indebtedness
depends on our future performance. General economic conditions, oil and natural gas prices and financial, business and other factors affect our operations and our future performance. Many of these factors are beyond our control. We may not be able
to generate sufficient cash flow to pay the interest on our debt, and future working capital, borrowings or equity financing may not be available to pay or refinance such debt. Factors that will affect our ability to raise cash through an offering
of our capital stock or a refinancing of our debt include financial market conditions, the value of our assets and our performance at the time we need capital. 

In addition, our bank borrowing base is subject to periodic redetermination. A lowering of our borrowing base could require us to repay indebtedness in excess of the borrowing base, or we might need to further secure
the lenders with additional collateral. 

Competition in the oil and natural gas industry is intense, and many of our competitors have
greater financial and other resources than we do. 

We operate in the highly competitive areas of oil and natural gas acquisition,
development, exploitation, exploration and production. We face intense competition from both major and other independent oil and natural gas companies in each of the following areas: 

•

 seeking to acquire desirable producing properties or new leases for future exploration; and 

20 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

•

 seeking to acquire the equipment and expertise necessary to develop and operate our properties. 

Many of our competitors have financial and other resources substantially greater than ours, and some of them are fully integrated oil companies. These
companies may be able to pay more for development prospects and productive oil and natural gas properties and may be able to define, evaluate, bid for and purchase a greater number of properties and prospects than our financial or human resources
permit. Our ability to develop and exploit our oil and natural gas properties and to acquire additional properties in the future will depend upon our ability to successfully conduct operations, evaluate and select suitable properties and consummate
transactions in this highly competitive environment. 

Significant capital expenditures are required to replace our reserves.

Our exploration, development and acquisition activities require substantial capital expenditures. Historically, we have funded our
capital expenditures through a combination of cash flows from operations, our revolving bank credit facility and debt and equity issuances. Future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, such as the level of production from existing wells,
prices of oil and natural gas, and our success in developing and producing new reserves. If revenues were to decrease as a result of lower oil and natural gas prices or decreased production, and our access to capital were limited, we would have a
reduced ability to replace our reserves. If our cash flow from operations is not sufficient to fund our capital expenditure budget, we may not be able to access additional bank debt, debt or equity or other methods of financing on an economic basis
to meet these requirements. 

If we are not able to replace reserves, we may not be able to sustain production. 

Our future success depends largely upon our ability to find, develop or acquire additional oil and natural gas reserves that are economically
recoverable. Unless we replace the reserves we produce through successful development, exploration or acquisition activities, our proved reserves and production will decline over time. In addition, approximately 38% of our total estimated proved
reserves (by volume) at December 31, 2006 were undeveloped. By their nature, estimates of undeveloped reserves are less certain. Recovery of such reserves will require significant capital expenditures and successful drilling operations. Our
reserve estimates reflect that our production rate on producing properties will decline approximately 25% from 2007 to 2008. Thus, our future oil and natural gas reserves and production and, therefore, our cash flow and income are highly dependent
on our success in efficiently developing and exploiting our current reserves and economically finding or acquiring additional recoverable reserves. 

The actual quantities and present value of our proved reserves may prove to be lower than we have estimated. 

This
report contains estimates of our proved reserves and the estimated future net revenues from our proved reserves. These estimates are based upon various assumptions, including assumptions required by the SEC relating to oil and natural gas prices,
drilling and operating expenses, capital expenditures, taxes and availability of funds. The process of estimating oil and natural gas reserves is complex. The process involves significant decisions and assumptions in the evaluation of available
geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data for each reservoir. Therefore, these estimates are inherently imprecise. 

Actual
future production, oil and natural gas prices, revenues, taxes, development expenditures, operating expenses and quantities of recoverable oil and natural gas reserves most likely will vary from these estimates. Such variations may be significant
and could materially affect the estimated quantities and present value of our proved reserves. In addition, we may adjust estimates of proved reserves to reflect production history, results of exploration and development drilling, prevailing oil and
natural gas prices and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our properties may also be susceptible to hydrocarbon drainage from production by operators on adjacent properties. 

21 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

At December 31, 2006, approximately 38% of our estimated proved reserves (by volume) were
undeveloped. Recovery of undeveloped reserves requires significant capital expenditures and successful drilling operations. These reserve estimates include the assumption that we will make significant capital expenditures to develop the reserves,
including approximately $2.7 billion in 2007. You should be aware that the estimated costs may not be accurate, development may not occur as scheduled and results may not be as estimated. 

You should not assume that the present values referred to in this report represent the current market value of our estimated oil and natural gas
reserves. In accordance with SEC requirements, the estimates of our present values are based on prices and costs as of the date of the estimates. The December 31, 2006 present value is based on weighted average oil and natural gas wellhead
prices of $56.25 per barrel of oil and $5.41 per mcf of natural gas. Actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower than the prices and costs as of the date of an estimate. 

Any changes in consumption by oil and natural gas purchasers or in governmental regulations or taxation will also affect actual future net cash flows.

The timing of both the production and the expenses from the development and production of oil and natural gas properties will affect both
the timing of actual future net cash flows from our proved reserves and their present value. In addition, the 10% discount factor, which is required by the SEC to be used in calculating discounted future net cash flows for reporting purposes, is not
necessarily the most accurate discount factor. The effective interest rate at various times and the risks associated with our business or the oil and natural gas industry in general will affect the accuracy of the 10% discount factor. 

Acquisitions may prove to be worth less than we paid because of uncertainties in evaluating recoverable reserves and potential liabilities.

Our growth during the past few years is due in large part to acquisitions of exploration and production companies, producing