Natural gas and oil prices fluctuate widely, and lower prices for an extended period of time are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our revenues, operating results, profitability and ability to grow depend primarily upon the prices we receive for the natural gas
and oil we sell. We require substantial expenditures to replace reserves, sustain production and fund our business plans. Lower natural gas or oil prices can negatively affect the amount of cash flow available for capital expenditures and our
ability to borrow money or raise additional capital and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and reserves. In addition, lower prices may result in ceiling test write-downs of our
natural gas and oil properties. We urge you to read the risk factors below for a more detailed description of each of these risks. 

Historically, the markets for natural gas and oil have been volatile and they are likely to continue to be volatile. Wide fluctuations in natural gas and oil prices may result from relatively minor changes in the
supply of and demand for natural gas and oil, market uncertainty and other factors that are beyond our control, including: 

•

 domestic and worldwide supplies of natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil, including U.S. inventories of natural gas and oil reserves;

•

 weather conditions; 

•

 changes in the level of consumer demand; 

•

 the price and availability of alternative fuels; 

•

 the availability, proximity and capacity of pipelines, other transportation facilities and processing facilities; 

•

 the level and effect of trading in commodity futures markets, including by commodity price speculators and others; 

•

 the price and level of foreign imports; 

•

 the nature and extent of domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; 

•

 the ability of the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to agree to and maintain oil price and production controls;

•

 political instability or armed conflict in oil and gas producing regions; and 

•

 overall domestic and global economic conditions. 

These factors and the volatility of the energy markets make it extremely difficult to predict future natural gas and oil price movements with any certainty. Record-high supplies of natural gas and weak demand
during one of the mildest winters on record in the U.S. have resulted in gas prices at 10-year lows in early 2012. 

Further, the prices of natural gas and oil have not moved in tandem in recent years, creating a value gap that has caused us to
shift our focus from dry gas plays to liquids-rich plays. While we anticipate that more than 50% of our 2012 revenue will come from our oil and natural gas liquids production, based on current NYMEX strip prices and our current hedging positions,
approximately 

34 

Table of Contents

83% of our estimated reserves at December 31, 2011 were natural gas reserves. A substantial or extended decline in natural gas or oil prices could negatively affect the quantities of natural
gas and oil reserves that may be economically produced. 

We have historically hedged significant amounts of our
anticipated production in order to mitigate a portion of our exposure to adverse market changes in natural gas and oil prices. While portions of our anticipated oil production are hedged through swaps and written call options, we currently have no
natural gas price swaps that cover natural gas production. Our natural gas derivatives consist of written call options and basis protection swaps and cover only a small portion of our expected 2012 and 2013 natural gas production. As a consequence,
our revenues and results of operations will be more significantly exposed to changes in commodity prices than in historical periods. 

Our level of indebtedness may limit our financial flexibility. 

As of
December 31, 2011, we had long-term indebtedness of approximately $10.626 billion and unrestricted cash of $351 million, and our net indebtedness represented 38% of our total book capitalization, which we define as the sum of total Chesapeake
stockholders’ equity and total current and long-term debt less unrestricted cash. We had $1.749 billion of outstanding borrowings drawn under our revolving bank credit facilities at December 31, 2011. 

Our level of indebtedness affects our operations in several ways, including the following: 

•

 a portion of our cash flows from operating activities must be used to service our indebtedness and is not available for other purposes;

•

 we may be at a competitive disadvantage as compared to similar companies that have less debt; 

•

 the covenants contained in the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness and future indebtedness may limit our ability to borrow additional funds, pay
dividends and make certain investments and may also affect our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in the economy and in our industry; 

•

 the midstream revolving bank credit facility, the oilfield services revolving bank credit facility and the indenture governing the COO 6.625% Senior Notes due
2019 restrict the payment of dividends or distributions to Chesapeake; 

•

 additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate or other purposes may have higher costs and more
restrictive covenants; and 

•

 a lowering of the credit ratings of our debt may negatively affect the cost, terms, conditions and availability of future financing, and lower ratings will
increase the interest rate we pay on our corporate revolving bank credit facility. 

The borrowing base
of our corporate revolving bank credit facility is subject to periodic redetermination and is based in part on natural gas and oil prices. A lowering of our borrowing base because of lower natural gas and oil prices or for other reasons could
require us to repay indebtedness in excess of the borrowing base, or we might need to further secure the lenders with additional collateral. We may incur additional debt, including secured indebtedness, in order to develop our properties and make
future acquisitions. A higher level of indebtedness increases the risk that we may default on our obligations. Our ability to meet our debt obligations and to reduce our level of indebtedness depends on our future performance. General economic
conditions, natural gas and oil prices and financial, business and other factors affect our operations and our future performance. 

35 

Table of Contents

Many of these factors are beyond our control. Factors that will affect our ability to raise cash through an offering of our capital stock or a refinancing of our debt include financial market
conditions, the value of our assets and our performance at the time we need capital. In addition, our failure to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants relating to our indebtedness could result in a default under that
indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

We recently
announced an update to our operations and capital spending program in 2012, including our previously announced 25/25 Plan, pursuant to which we intend to engage in certain monetization transactions and apply a portion of the net proceeds to reduce
our overall level of indebtedness. If we are unable to consummate such contemplated monetization transactions or if such transactions do not generate the proceeds we are anticipating, we would be required to reduce our capital spending, seek to
identify, pursue and obtain funds from other monetization transactions or other sources in order to meet our operating, capital spending and debt reduction plans. 

Declines in the prices of natural gas and oil could result in a write-down of our asset carrying values. 

We utilize the full cost method of accounting for costs related to our natural gas and oil properties. Under this method, all such
costs (for both productive and nonproductive properties) are capitalized and amortized on an aggregate basis over the estimated lives of the properties using the unit-of-production method. However, these capitalized costs are subject to a ceiling
test which limits such pooled costs to the aggregate of the present value of future net revenues attributable to proved natural gas and oil reserves discounted at 10% plus the lower of cost or market value of unproved properties. The full cost
ceiling is evaluated at the end of each quarter using the unweighted arithmetic average of the prices on the first day of each month within the 12-month period ending in the quarter, adjusted for the impact of derivatives accounted for as cash flow
hedges. We are required to write down the carrying value of our natural gas and oil assets if capitalized costs exceed the ceiling limit, and such write-downs can be material. For example, our financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2009 reflect an impairment of approximately $6.9 billion, net of income tax, of our natural gas and oil properties. 

The risk that we will be required to write down the carrying value of our natural gas and oil properties increases when natural gas and oil prices are low or volatile. Natural gas prices declined significantly in
late 2011 and early 2012 to the lowest level in recent years and continue to trade near historic lows. Although we did not have an impairment of our natural gas and oil properties as of December 31, 2011, sustained low natural gas prices and
other factors could cause us to be required to write down our natural gas and oil properties or other assets in the future and incur a non-cash charge against future earnings. 

Significant capital expenditures are required to replace our reserves and conduct our business. 

Our exploration, development and acquisition activities and our midstream and oilfield services businesses require substantial
capital expenditures. We fund our capital expenditures through a combination of cash flows from operations and borrowings under our corporate, midstream and oilfield services revolving bank credit facilities and, to the extent those sources are not
sufficient, from debt and equity issuances, subsidiary-level financings and asset monetizations. Future cash flows from operations are subject to a number of risks and variables, such as the level of production from existing wells, prices of natural
gas and oil, our success in developing and producing new reserves and the other risk factors discussed herein. Our ability to obtain capital from other sources, such as the capital markets, subsidiary-level financing and asset monetizations, is
dependent upon many of those same factors as well as the orderly functioning of credit and capital markets. We plan to make capital 

36 

Table of Contents

expenditures in 2012 that exceed our estimated 2012 cash flows from operations, and we anticipate funding this difference with the proceeds from transactions such as joint ventures, volumetric
production payments, financial transactions, property and investment dispositions and other asset monetizations. To the extent that proceeds from these potential transactions are inadequate to fund our planned spending, we would be required to
reduce our capital spending, seek to monetize different or additional assets or pursue other funding alternatives, and we would have a reduced ability to replace our reserves. 

If we are not able to replace reserves, we may not be able to sustain production. 

Our future success depends largely upon our ability to find, develop or acquire additional natural gas and oil reserves that are
economically recoverable. Unless we replace the reserves we produce through successful development, exploration or acquisition activities, our proved reserves and production will decline over time. In addition, approximately 46% of our total
estimated proved reserves (by volume) at December 31, 2011 were undeveloped. Recovery of such reserves will require significant capital expenditures and successful drilling operations. Our reserve estimates at December 31, 2011 reflected a
decline in the production rate on producing properties of approximately 32% in 2012 and 20% in 2013. Thus, our future natural gas and oil reserves and production and, therefore, our cash flow and income are highly dependent on our success in
efficiently developing and exploiting our current reserves and economically finding or acquiring additional recoverable reserves. 

The actual quantities and present value of our proved reserves may be different than we have estimated. 

This report contains estimates of our proved reserves and the estimated future net revenues from our proved reserves. These estimates are based upon various assumptions, including assumptions required by the SEC
relating to natural gas and oil prices, drilling and operating expenses, capital expenditures, taxes and availability of funds. The process of estimating natural gas and oil reserves is complex and involves significant decisions and assumptions
associated with geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data for each well. Therefore, these estimates are subject to future revisions. 

Actual future production, natural gas and oil prices, revenues, taxes, development expenditures, operating expenses and quantities of recoverable natural gas and oil reserves most likely will vary from these
estimates. Such variations may be significant and could materially affect the estimated quantities and present value of our proved reserves. In addition, we may adjust estimates of proved reserves to reflect production history, results of
exploration and development drilling, prevailing natural gas and oil prices and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

At December 31, 2011, approximately 46% of our estimated proved reserves (by volume) were undeveloped. These reserve estimates reflect our plans to make significant capital expenditures to convert our proved
undeveloped reserves (PUDS) into proved developed reserves, including approximately $13.6 billion during the five years ending in 2016. You should be aware that the estimated development costs may not be accurate, development may not occur as
scheduled and results may not be as estimated. If we choose not to develop PUDs, or if we are not otherwise able to successfully develop them, we will be required to remove the associated volumes from our reported proved reserves. In addition, under
the SEC’s reserve reporting rules, because PUDs generally may be booked only if they relate to wells scheduled to be drilled within five years of the date of booking, we may be required to write off any PUDs that are not developed within this
five-year time frame. 

You should not assume that the present values included in this report represent the current
market value of our estimated natural gas and oil reserves. In accordance with SEC requirements, the estimates of our present values are based on prices and costs as of the date of the estimates. The

37 

Table of Contents

price on the date of estimate is calculated as the average natural gas and oil price during the 12 months ending in the current reporting period, determined as the unweighted arithmetic
average of prices on the first day of each month within the 12-month period. The December 31, 2011 present value is based on $4.12 per mcf of natural gas and $95.97 per barrel of oil before price differential adjustments. Actual future prices
and costs may be materially higher or lower than the prices and costs as of the date of an estimate. 

Any changes in
consumption by natural gas and oil purchasers or in governmental regulations or taxation will also affect the actual future net cash flows from our production. 

The timing of both the production and the expenses from the development and production of natural gas and oil properties will affect both the timing of actual future net cash flows from our proved reserves and
their present value. In addition, the 10% discount factor which is required by the SEC to be used in calculating discounted future net cash flows for reporting purposes is not necessarily the most accurate discount factor. The effective interest
rate at various times and the risks associated with our business or the natural gas and oil industry in general will affect the accuracy of the 10% discount factor. 

Our development and exploratory drilling efforts and our well operations may not be profitable or achieve our targeted
returns. 

We acquire significant amounts of unproved property in order to further our development efforts.
Development and exploratory drilling and production activities are subject to many risks, including the risk that no commercially productive reservoirs will be discovered. We acquire unproved properties and lease undeveloped acreage that we believe
will enhance our growth potential and increase our earnings over time. However, we cannot assure you that all prospects will be economically viable or that we will not abandon our initial investments. Additionally, there can be no assurance that
unproved property acquired by us or undeveloped acreage leased by us will be profitably developed, that new wells drilled by us in prospects that we pursue will be productive or that we will recover all or any portion of our investment in such
unproved property or wells. 

Drilling for natural gas and oil may involve unprofitable efforts, not only from dry wells
but also from wells that are productive but do not produce sufficient commercial quantities to cover the drilling, operating and other costs. The cost of drilling, completing and operating a well is often uncertain, and many factors can adversely
affect the economics of a well or property. Drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of unexpected drilling conditions, equipment failures or accidents, shortages of equipment or personnel, environmental issues, state or
local bans or moratoriums on hydraulic fracturing and for other reasons. In addition, wells that are profitable may not meet our internal return targets, which are dependent upon the current and future market prices for natural gas and crude oil,
costs associated with producing natural gas and oil and our ability to add reserves at an acceptable cost. We rely to a significant extent on seismic data and other advanced technologies in identifying unproved property prospects and in conducting
our exploration activities. The seismic data and other technologies we use do not allow us to know conclusively, prior to acquisition of unproved property or drilling a well, whether natural gas or oil is present or may be produced economically. The
use of seismic data and other technologies also requires greater pre-drilling expenditures than traditional drilling strategies. Drilling results in our newer natural gas and liquids-rich unconventional plays may be more uncertain than in
unconventional plays that are more developed and have longer established production histories, and we can provide no assurance that drilling and completion techniques that have proven to be successful in other unconventional formations to maximize
recoveries will be ultimately successful when used in new unconventional formations. 

38 

Table of Contents

Certain of our undeveloped leasehold assets are subject to leases that will
expire over the next several years unless production is established on units containing the acreage. 

Leases on
natural gas and oil properties typically have a term of three to five years after which they expire unless, prior to expiration, a well is drilled and production of hydrocarbons in paying quantities is established. If our leases expire and we are
unable to renew the leases, we will lose our right to develop the related properties. While we seek to actively manage our leasehold inventory using our drilling rig fleet and oilfield services to drill sufficient wells to hold the leasehold that we
believe is material to our operations, our drilling plans for these areas are subject to change based upon various factors, including drilling results, natural gas and oil prices, the availability and cost of capital, drilling and production costs,
availability of drilling services and equipment, gathering system and pipeline transportation constraints and regulatory approvals. 

Our hedging activities may reduce the realized prices we receive for our natural gas and liquids sales, require us to provide collateral for hedging liabilities and involve risk that our counterparties may be
unable to satisfy their obligations to us. 

In order to manage our exposure to price volatility in marketing our
production, we enter into natural gas and oil price risk management arrangements for a portion of our expected production. Commodity price derivatives may limit the prices we actually realize and therefore reduce natural gas and oil revenues in the
future. Our commodity hedging activities will impact our earnings in various ways, including recognition of certain mark-to-market gains and losses on derivative instruments. The fair value of our natural gas and oil derivative instruments can
fluctuate significantly between periods. In addition, our commodity price risk management transactions may expose us to the risk of financial loss in certain circumstances, including instances in which our production is less than expected.

Derivative transactions involve the risk that counterparties, which are generally financial institutions, may be unable
to satisfy their obligations to us. Although the counterparties to our multi-counterparty secured hedging facility are required to secure their hedging obligations to us under certain scenarios, if any of our counterparties were to default on its
obligations to us under the hedging contracts or seek bankruptcy protection, it could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our planned activities and could result in a larger percentage of our future production being subject to commodity
price changes. The risk of counterparty default is heightened in a poor economic environment. 

A substantial portion of
our natural gas and oil derivative contracts are with the 18 counterparties to our multi-counterparty hedging facility. Our obligations under the facility are secured by natural gas and oil proved reserves, the value of which must cover the fair
value of the transactions outstanding under the facility by at least 1.65 times. Under certain circumstances, such as a spike in volatility measures without a corresponding change in commodity prices, the collateral value could fall below the
coverage designated, and we would be required to post additional reserve collateral to our hedging facility. If we did not have sufficient unencumbered natural gas and oil properties available to cover the shortfall, we would be required to post
cash or letters of credit with the counterparties. Future collateral requirements are dependent to a great extent on natural gas and oil prices. 

Natural gas and oil drilling and producing operations can be hazardous and may expose us to liabilities, including environmental liabilities. 

Natural gas and oil operations are subject to many risks, including well blowouts, cratering and explosions, pipe failures, fires,
formations with abnormal pressures, uncontrollable flows of natural gas, oil, brine or well fluids and other environmental hazards and risks. Some of these risks or hazards 

39 

Table of Contents

could materially and adversely affect our revenues and expenses by reducing or shutting in production from wells, loss of equipment or otherwise negatively impacting the projected economic
performance of our prospects. If any of these risks occurs, we could sustain substantial losses as a result of: 

•

 injury or loss of life; 

•

 severe damage to or destruction of property, natural resources or equipment; 

•

 pollution or other environmental damage; 

•

 clean-up responsibilities; 

•

 regulatory investigations and administrative, civil and criminal penalties; and 

•

 injunctions resulting in limitation or suspension of operations. 

There is inherent risk of incurring significant environmental costs and liabilities in our operations due to our use, generation,
handling and disposal of materials, including wastes, petroleum hydrocarbons and other chemicals. We may incur joint and several, strict liability under applicable U.S. federal and state environmental laws in connection with releases of petroleum
hydrocarbons and other hazardous substances at, on, under or from our leased or owned properties resulting from current or historical operations. In some cases our properties have been used for natural gas and oil exploration and production
activities for a number of years, often by third parties not under our control. We also could incur material fines, penalties and government or third-party claims as a result of violations of, or liabilities under, applicable environmental laws and
regulations. For our non-operated properties, we are dependent on the operator for operational and regulatory compliance. While we may maintain insurance against some, but not all, of the risks described above, our insurance may not be adequate to
cover casualty losses or liabilities, and our insurance does not cover penalties or fines that may be assessed by a governmental authority. Also, in the future we may not be able to obtain insurance at premium levels that justify its purchase.

Federal and state legislative and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing could result in
increased costs and additional operating restrictions or delays. 

It is customary in our industry to recover
natural gas and oil from deep shale and other formations through the use of horizontal drilling combined with hydraulic fracturing. Hydraulic fracturing is the process of creating or expanding cracks, or fractures, in deep formations using water,
sand and other additives pumped under high pressure into the formation. We use hydraulic fracturing as a means to increase the productivity of almost every well that we drill and complete. 

The hydraulic fracturing process is typically regulated by state oil and natural gas commissions. Several states, including
Pennsylvania, Texas, Colorado, Montana, New Mexico and Wyoming, have adopted, and other states are considering adopting, regulations that could impose more stringent permitting, public disclosure, and/or well construction requirements on hydraulic
fracturing operations. New York has sought to ban fracturing activities altogether. In addition to state laws, some local municipalities have adopted or are considering adopting land use restrictions, such as city ordinances, that may restrict or
prohibit the performance of well drilling in general and/or hydraulic fracturing in particular. 

Additionally, the EPA
has asserted federal regulatory authority over hydraulic fracturing activities involving diesel fuel (specifically, when diesel fuel is utilized in the stimulation fluid) under the Safe Drinking Water Act and is completing the process of drafting
guidance documents related to this newly asserted regulatory authority. There are also certain governmental reviews either underway or being 

40 

Table of Contents

proposed that focus on deep shale and other formation completion and production practices, including hydraulic fracturing. Depending on the outcome of these studies, federal and state
legislatures and agencies may seek to further regulate such activities. The EPA has published proposed New Source Performance Standards (NSPS) and National Emissions Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants (NESHAP) that, if adopted as proposed, would
amend existing NSPS and NESHAP standards for oil and gas facilities as well as create new NSPS standards for oil and gas production, transmission and distribution facilities. The EPA has also proposed regulations focused on reducing emissions of
certain air pollutants by the oil and gas industry, including volatile organic compounds, sulfur dioxide and certain air toxics. 

Certain environmental and other groups have suggested that additional federal, state and local laws and regulations may be needed to more closely regulate the hydraulic fracturing process. We cannot predict whether
additional federal, state or local laws or regulations will be enacted in the future and, if so, what actions any such laws or regulations would require or prohibit. If additional levels of regulation or permitting requirements were imposed through
the adoption of new laws and regulations, our business and operations could be subject to delays, increased operating and compliance costs and process prohibitions. 

Potential legislative and regulatory actions could increase our costs, reduce our revenue and cash flow from natural gas and
oil sales, reduce our liquidity or otherwise alter the way we conduct our business. 

The activities of
exploration and production companies operating in the U.S. are subject to extensive regulation at the federal, state and local levels. Changes to existing laws and regulations or new laws and regulations such as those described below could, if
adopted, have an adverse effect on our business. 

Federal Taxation of Independent Producers 

Recent federal budget proposals would potentially increase and accelerate the payment of federal income taxes of independent
producers of natural gas and oil. Proposals that would significantly affect us would repeal the expensing of intangible drilling costs, repeal the percentage depletion allowance and increase the amortization period of geological and geophysical
expenses. These changes, if enacted, will make it more costly for us to explore for and develop our natural gas and oil resources. 

OTC Derivatives Regulation 

In July of 2010, the U.S. Congress enacted the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act), which contains measures aimed at increasing the transparency and stability of the over-the-counter (OTC) derivative markets and preventing excessive speculation. We
maintain an active price and basis protection hedging program related to the natural gas and oil we produce to manage the risk of low commodity prices and to predict with greater certainty the cash flow from our hedged production. We have used the
OTC market exclusively for our natural gas and oil derivative contracts. The Dodd-Frank Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder could reduce trading positions and the market-making activities of our customary counterparties in the
energy futures markets. Such changes could materially reduce our hedging opportunities and negatively affect our revenues and cash flow during periods of low commodity prices. 

Climate Change 

Various state governments and regional organizations are considering enacting new legislation and promulgating new regulations governing or restricting the emission of greenhouse gases from stationary sources such
as our equipment and operations. At the federal level, the EPA has already made findings and issued regulations that require us to establish and report an inventory of 

41 

Table of Contents

greenhouse gas emissions. Legislative and regulatory proposals for restricting greenhouse gas emissions or otherwise addressing climate change could require us to incur additional operating costs
and could adversely affect demand for the natural gas and oil that we sell. The potential increase in our operating costs could include new or increased costs to obtain permits, operate and maintain our equipment and facilities, install new emission
controls on our equipment and facilities, acquire allowances to authorize our greenhouse gas emissions, pay taxes related to our greenhouse gas emissions and administer and manage a greenhouse gas emissions program. Even without federal legislation
or regulation of greenhouse gas emissions, states may pursue the issue either directly or indirectly. Restrictions on emissions of methane or carbon dioxide that may be imposed in various states could adversely affect the oil and gas industry.
Moreover, incentives to conserve energy or use alternative energy sources could reduce demand for natural gas and oil. 

The decline in general economic, business and industry conditions since 2008 and the current economic uncertainty may have a
material adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 

Since 2008, concerns
over sovereign debt levels, energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, the U.S. mortgage market and a declining real estate market in the U.S. have contributed to increased economic uncertainty and diminished
expectations for the global economy. 

These factors, combined with volatile natural gas and oil prices, the decline in
business and consumer confidence and high unemployment, precipitated an economic slowdown and a recession. Concerns about global economic growth have had a significant adverse impact on global financial markets and commodity prices. If the economic
climate in the U.S. or abroad deteriorates further, demand for petroleum products could continue to decline, prices for natural gas could continue to decrease and oil and natural gas liquids could become subject to increased downward price pressure.
These circumstances could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 

Our cash flow
from operations, our revolving bank credit facilities and cash on hand historically have not been sufficient to fund all of our expenditures, and we have relied on the capital markets and asset monetization transactions to provide us with additional
capital. Poor economic conditions may negatively affect: 

•

 our ability to access the capital markets at a time when we would like, or need, to raise capital; 

•

 the number of participants in our proposed asset monetization transactions or the values we are able to realize in those transactions, making them uneconomic
or harder or impossible to consummate; 

•

 the collectability of our trade receivables could cause our commodity hedging arrangements to be ineffective if our counterparties are unable to perform their
obligations or seek bankruptcy protection; or 

•

 the ability of our joint venture partners to meet their obligations to fund a portion of our drilling costs under our joint venture agreements.

Our operations may be adversely affected by oilfield services shortages, pipeline and gathering
system capacity constraints and various transportation interruptions. 

From time to time, we experience delays
in drilling and completing our natural gas and oil wells. Because of the large scale of our operations, there may not be available drilling rigs of the type we require in certain areas of our operations. Additionally, there is currently a shortage
of hydraulic 

42 

Table of Contents

fracturing capacity, especially in the unconventional U.S. natural gas and oil plays where hydraulic fracturing is necessary for the successful development of wells. In developing plays, the
demand for equipment such as pipe and compressors can exceed the supply, and it is challenging to attract and retain qualified oilfield workers. Delays in developing our natural gas and oil assets for these and other reasons could negatively affect
our revenues and cash flow. 

In certain natural gas shale plays, the capacity of gathering systems and transportation
pipelines is insufficient to accommodate potential production from existing and new wells. Capital constraints could limit the construction of new pipelines and gathering systems by third parties, and we may experience delays in building intrastate
gathering systems necessary to transport our natural gas to interstate pipelines. Until this new capacity is available, we may experience delays in producing and selling our natural gas. In such event, we might have to shut in our wells awaiting a
pipeline connection or capacity and/or sell natural gas production at significantly lower prices than those quoted on NYMEX or than we currently project, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 

A portion of our natural gas and oil production in any region may be interrupted, or shut in, from time to time for numerous
reasons, including as a result of weather conditions, accidents, loss of pipeline or gathering system access, field labor issues or strikes, or we might voluntarily curtail production in response to market conditions, an action we took in early
2012. If a substantial amount of our production is interrupted at the same time, it could temporarily adversely affect our cash flow.