Natural gas and oil prices fluctuate widely, and lower prices for an extended period of time are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Our revenues, operating results, profitability and ability to grow depend primarily upon the prices we receive for the natural gas and
oil we sell. We require substantial expenditures to replace reserves, sustain production and fund our business plans. Lower natural gas or oil prices can negatively affect the amount of cash flow available for capital expenditures and our ability to
borrow money or raise additional capital and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and reserves. In addition, lower prices may result in ceiling test write-downs of our natural gas and
oil properties. We urge you to read the risk factors below for a more detailed description of each of these risks. 

Historically, the markets for natural gas and oil have been volatile and they are likely to continue to be volatile. Wide fluctuations in natural gas and oil prices may result from relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for
natural gas and oil, market uncertainty and other factors that are beyond our control, including: 

•

 domestic and worldwide supplies of natural gas, natural gas liquids and oil, including U.S. inventories of natural gas and oil reserves;

•

 weather conditions; 

•

 changes in the level of consumer demand; 

•

 the price and availability of alternative fuels; 

•

 the availability, proximity and capacity of pipelines, other transportation facilities and processing facilities; 

•

 the level and effect of trading in commodity futures markets, including by commodity price speculators and others; 

•

 the price and level of foreign imports; 

•

 the nature and extent of domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes; 

•

 the ability of the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries to agree to and maintain oil price and production controls;

•

 political instability or armed conflict in oil and gas producing regions; and 

•

 overall domestic and global economic conditions. 

These factors and the volatility of the energy markets make it extremely difficult to predict future natural gas and oil price movements with any certainty. Further, natural gas and oil prices
do not necessarily move in tandem. Because approximately 95% of our reserves at December 31, 2009 were natural gas reserves, we are more affected by movements in natural gas prices. 

Our level of indebtedness may limit our financial flexibility. 

As of December 31, 2009, we had long-term indebtedness of approximately $12.3 billion, and our net indebtedness represented 49%
of our total book capitalization. We had $1.936 billion and $1.250 billion of outstanding borrowings drawn under our revolving bank credit facilities at December 31, 2009 and February 26, 2010, respectively. 

27 

Table of Contents

Our level of indebtedness affects our operations in several ways, including the
following: 

•

 a portion of our cash flows from operating activities must be used to service our indebtedness and is not available for other purposes;

•

 we may be at a competitive disadvantage as compared to similar companies that have less debt; 

•

 the covenants contained in the agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness and future indebtedness may limit our ability to borrow additional funds, pay
dividends and make certain investments and may also affect our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in the economy and in our industry; 

•

 the revolving bank credit facilities of our midstream subsidiary and our midstream joint venture restrict the payment of dividends or distributions to
Chesapeake; 

•

 additional financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, general corporate or other purposes may have higher costs and more
restrictive covenants; and 

•

 changes in the credit ratings of our debt may negatively affect the cost, terms, conditions and availability of future financing, and lower ratings will
increase the interest rate and fees we pay on our revolving bank credit facilities. 

The borrowing
base of our corporate revolving bank credit facility is subject to periodic redetermination. A lowering of our borrowing base could require us to repay indebtedness in excess of the borrowing base, or we might need to further secure the lenders with
additional collateral. We may incur additional debt, including secured indebtedness, in order to develop our properties and make future acquisitions. A higher level of indebtedness increases the risk that we may default on our obligations. Our
ability to meet our debt obligations and to reduce our level of indebtedness depends on our future performance. General economic conditions, natural gas and oil prices and financial, business and other factors affect our operations and our future
performance. Many of these factors are beyond our control. Factors that will affect our ability to raise cash through an offering of our capital stock or a refinancing of our debt include financial market conditions, the value of our assets and our
performance at the time we need capital. 

Low natural gas prices throughout 2009 resulted in a write-down of our
asset carrying values, and further price declines could result in additional write-downs in the future. 

We
utilize the full-cost method of accounting for costs related to our natural gas and oil properties. Under this method, all such costs (for both productive and nonproductive properties) are capitalized and amortized on an aggregate basis over the
estimated lives of the properties using the unit-of-production method. However, these capitalized costs are subject to a ceiling test which limits such pooled costs to the aggregate of the present value of future net revenues attributable to proved
natural gas and oil reserves discounted at 10% plus the lower of cost or market value of unproved properties. The full-cost ceiling is evaluated at the end of each quarter using the unweighted arithmetical average of the prices on the first day of
each month within the 12-month period ending in the quarter, adjusted for the impact of derivatives accounted for as cash flow hedges. 

Natural gas prices were depressed throughout 2009, resulting in a write-down of our natural gas and oil property asset carrying value. Our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2009 reflect an
impairment of approximately $6.9 billion, net of income tax, of our natural gas and oil properties. We also had an after-tax non-cash impairment charge to certain investments and fixed assets of approximately $183 million in 2009 as a result of
lower asset valuation estimates. 

The risk that we will be required to further write-down the carrying value of our
natural gas and oil properties increases when natural gas and oil prices are low or volatile. We may experience further ceiling test write-downs or other impairments in the future. 

28 

Table of Contents

Significant capital expenditures are required to replace our reserves. 

Our exploration, development and acquisition activities require substantial capital expenditures. Historically, we have
funded our capital expenditures through a combination of cash flows from operations, our corporate revolving bank credit facility and debt and equity issuances. Beginning in late 2007, we have also had significant cash proceeds from a number of
asset monetization transactions. Future cash flows are subject to a number of variables, such as the level of production from existing wells, prices of natural gas and oil, our success in developing and producing new reserves, the orderly
functioning of credit and capital markets and our ability to complete additional planned asset monetization transactions. If revenues were to decrease as a result of lower natural gas and oil prices or decreased production, and our access to capital
were limited, we would have a reduced ability to replace our reserves. If our cash flow from operations is not sufficient to fund our capital expenditure budget, we may not be able to access additional bank debt, debt or equity or other methods of
financing on an economic basis to meet these requirements. 

If we are not able to replace reserves, we may not be
able to sustain production. 

Our future success depends largely upon our ability to find, develop or acquire
additional natural gas and oil reserves that are economically recoverable. Unless we replace the reserves we produce through successful development, exploration or acquisition activities, our proved reserves and production will decline over time. In
addition, approximately 42% of our total estimated proved reserves (by volume) at December 31, 2009 were undeveloped. By their nature, estimates of proved undeveloped reserves are less certain. Recovery of such reserves will require significant
capital expenditures and successful drilling operations. Our reserve estimates reflect that our production rate on producing properties will decline approximately 28% from 2010 to 2011. Thus, our future natural gas and oil reserves and production
and, therefore, our cash flow and income are highly dependent on our success in efficiently developing and exploiting our current reserves and economically finding or acquiring additional recoverable reserves. 

The actual quantities and present value of our proved reserves may prove to be lower than we have estimated. 

This report contains estimates of our proved reserves and the estimated future net revenues from our proved reserves. These
estimates are based upon various assumptions, including assumptions required by the SEC relating to natural gas and oil prices, drilling and operating expenses, capital expenditures, taxes and availability of funds. The process of estimating natural
gas and oil reserves is complex. The process involves significant decisions and assumptions in the evaluation of available geological, geophysical, engineering and economic data for each reservoir. Therefore, these estimates are inherently
imprecise. 

Actual future production, natural gas and oil prices, revenues, taxes, development expenditures, operating
expenses and quantities of recoverable natural gas and oil reserves most likely will vary from these estimates. Such variations may be significant and could materially affect the estimated quantities and present value of our proved reserves. In
addition, we may adjust estimates of proved reserves to reflect production history, results of exploration and development drilling, prevailing natural gas and oil prices and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. Our properties may
also be susceptible to hydrocarbon drainage from production by operators on adjacent properties. 

At December 31,
2009, approximately 42% of our estimated proved reserves (by volume) were undeveloped. These reserve estimates reflect our plans to make significant capital expenditures to convert our proved undeveloped reserves into proved developed reserves,
including approximately $929 million in 2010. You should be aware that the estimated development costs may not be accurate, development may not occur as scheduled and results may not be as estimated. 

29 

Table of Contents

You should not assume that the present values referred to in this report represent the
current market value of our estimated natural gas and oil reserves. In accordance with SEC requirements, the estimates of our present values are based on prices and costs as of the date of the estimates. The price on the date of estimate is
calculated as the average natural gas and oil price during the 12 months ending in the current reporting period, determined as the unweighted arithmetical average of prices on the first day of each month within the 12-month period. The
December 31, 2009 present value is based on $3.87 per mcf of natural gas and $61.14 per barrel of oil before price differential adjustments. Actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower than the prices and costs as of the
date of an estimate. 

Any changes in consumption by natural gas and oil purchasers or in governmental regulations or
taxation will also affect the actual future net cash flows from our production. 

The timing of both the production and
the expenses from the development and production of natural gas and oil properties will affect both the timing of actual future net cash flows from our proved reserves and their present value. In addition, the 10% discount factor which is required
by the SEC to be used in calculating discounted future net cash flows for reporting purposes is not necessarily the most accurate discount factor. The effective interest rate at various times and the risks associated with our business or the natural
gas and oil industry in general will affect the accuracy of the 10% discount factor. 

Our 2009 year-end reserve
estimates are not directly comparable to prior estimates because of new reporting rules, and our interpretations of the new rules may differ materially from future guidance or comments issued by the SEC. 

The year-end 2009 proved reserves estimates presented in this report have been prepared using new SEC disclosure rules that differ in
a number of respects from prior rules. As a result of changes in the reporting rules, our reserve estimates beginning with year-end 2009 will not be directly comparable to our previously-reported reserves. 

The SEC has not reviewed our or any reporting company’s reserve estimates under the new rules and has released only limited
interpretive guidance regarding reporting of reserve estimates under the new rules. Accordingly, while the estimates of our proved reserves at December 31, 2009 included in this report have been prepared based on what we and our independent
reserve engineers believe to be reasonable interpretations of the new SEC rules, those estimates could differ materially from any estimates we might prepare applying more specific SEC interpretive guidance. 

Our development and exploratory drilling efforts and our well operations may not be profitable or achieve our targeted returns.

We acquire significant amounts of unproved property in order to further our development efforts. Development
and exploratory drilling and production activities are subject to many risks, including the risk that no commercially productive reservoirs will be discovered. We acquire unproved properties and lease undeveloped acreage that we believe will enhance
our growth potential and increase our earnings over time. However, we cannot assure you that all prospects will be economically viable or that we will not abandon our initial investments. Additionally, there can be no assurance that unproved
property acquired by us or undeveloped acreage leased by us will be profitably developed, that new wells drilled by us in prospects that we pursue will be productive or that we will recover all or any portion of our investment in such unproved
property or wells. 

Drilling for natural gas and oil may involve unprofitable efforts, not only from dry wells but also
from wells that are productive but do not produce sufficient commercial quantities to cover the drilling, operating and other costs. The cost of drilling, completing and operating a well is often uncertain, and

30 

Table of Contents

many factors can adversely affect the economics of a well or property. Drilling operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of unexpected drilling conditions, equipment failures
or accidents, shortages of equipment or personnel, environmental issues and for other reasons. In addition, wells that are profitable may not meet our internal return targets, which are dependent upon the current and future market prices for natural
gas and crude oil, costs associated with producing natural gas and oil and our ability to add reserves at an acceptable cost. We rely to a significant extent on seismic data and other advanced technologies in identifying unproved property prospects
and in conducting our exploration activities. The seismic data and other technologies we use do not allow us to know conclusively, prior to acquisition of unproved property or drilling a well, whether natural gas or oil is present or may be produced
economically. The use of seismic data and other technologies also requires greater pre-drilling expenditures than traditional drilling strategies. Drilling results in our newer shale plays may be more uncertain than in shale plays that are more
developed and have longer established production histories, and we can provide no assurance that drilling and completion techniques that have proven to be successful in other shale formations to maximize recoveries will be ultimately successful when
used in new shall formations. 

Certain of our undeveloped leasehold assets are subject to leases that will expire
over the next several years unless production is established on units containing the acreage. 

As of
December 31, 2009, we had leases on approximately 0.51 million and 1.62 million net acres, respectively, in the Haynesville and Marcellus Shale areas. A sizeable portion of this acreage is not currently held by production. Unless
production in paying quantities is established on units containing these leases during their terms, the leases will expire. If our leases expire and we are unable to renew the leases, we will lose our right to develop the related properties. While
the company intends to drill sufficient wells to hold the vast majority of its leasehold in all its major plays, our drilling plans for these areas are subject to change based upon various factors, including drilling results, natural gas and oil
prices, the availability and cost of capital, drilling and production costs, availability of drilling services and equipment, gathering system and pipeline transportation constraints and regulatory approvals. 

Our hedging activities may reduce the realized prices received for our natural gas and oil sales, require us to provide
collateral for hedging liabilities and involve risk that our counterparties may be unable to satisfy their obligations to us. 

In order to manage our exposure to price volatility in marketing our natural gas and oil, we enter into natural gas and oil price risk management arrangements for a portion of our expected production. Commodity
price hedging may limit the prices we actually realize and therefore reduce natural gas and oil revenues in the future. Our commodity hedging activities will impact our earnings in various ways, including recognition of certain mark-to-market gains
and losses on derivative instruments. The fair value of our natural gas and oil derivative instruments can fluctuate significantly between periods. In addition, our commodity price risk management transactions may expose us to the risk of financial
loss in certain circumstances, including instances in which: 

•

 our production is less than expected; 

•

 there is a widening of price differentials between delivery points for our production and the delivery point assumed in the hedge arrangement; or

•

 the counterparties to our contracts fail to perform under the contracts. 

Hedging transactions involve the risk that counterparties, which are generally financial institutions, may be unable to satisfy their
obligations to us. Although our counterparties to our multi-counterparty secured hedge facility are required to secure their hedging obligations to us under certain scenarios, if any of our counterparties were to default on its obligations to us
under the hedging contracts or seek bankruptcy protection, it could have an adverse effect on our ability to fund our planned activities and

31 

Table of Contents

could result in a larger percentage of our future production being subject to commodity price changes. The risk of counterparty default is heightened in a poor economic environment. 

A substantial portion of our natural gas and oil derivative contracts are with the 13 counterparties to our multi-counterparty
hedging facility. Our obligations under the facility are secured by natural gas and oil proved reserves, the value of which must cover the fair value of the transactions outstanding under the facility by at least 1.65 times. If the collateral value
falls below the coverage designated, we would be required to post cash or letters of credit with the counterparties if we did not have sufficient unencumbered natural gas and oil properties available to cover the shortfall. Future collateral
requirements are dependent to a great extent on natural gas and oil prices. 

Lower natural gas and oil prices
could negatively impact our ability to borrow or raise additional capital. 

Our corporate revolving bank credit
facility limits our borrowings to the lesser of the borrowing base and the total commitments. Currently both are $3.5 billion, although one lender, Lehman Brothers Commercial Bank, has not funded its share (2.1%) of our borrowings under the
facility beginning in the third quarter of 2008, and we do not expect that it would fund any future borrowings. The borrowing base is determined periodically at the discretion of the banks and is based in part on natural gas and oil prices.
Additionally, some of our indentures contain covenants limiting our ability to incur indebtedness in addition to that incurred under our corporate revolving bank credit facility. These indentures limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness
unless we meet one of two alternative tests. The first alternative is based on our adjusted consolidated net tangible assets (as defined in all of our indentures), which is determined using discounted future net revenues from proved natural gas and
oil reserves as of the determination date. The second alternative is based on the ratio of our adjusted consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the relevant indentures) to our adjusted consolidated interest expense (as defined in the relevant indentures)
over a trailing 12-month period. Currently, we are permitted to incur additional indebtedness under the second incurrence test but not the first test. Lower natural gas and oil prices in the future could reduce our adjusted consolidated EBITDA, as
well as our adjusted consolidated net tangible assets, and thus could reduce our ability to incur additional indebtedness. 

Natural gas and oil drilling and producing operations can be hazardous and may expose us to liabilities, including environmental liabilities. 

Natural gas and oil operations are subject to many risks, including well blowouts, cratering and explosions, pipe failures, fires, formations with abnormal pressures, uncontrollable flows of
natural gas, oil, brine or well fluids and other environmental hazards and risks. Our drilling operations involve risks from high pressures and from mechanical difficulties such as stuck pipes, collapsed casings and separated cables. If any of these
risks occurs, we could sustain substantial losses as a result of: 

•

 injury or loss of life; 

•

 severe damage to or destruction of property, natural resources or equipment; 

•

 pollution or other environmental damage; 

•

 clean-up responsibilities; 

•

 regulatory investigations and administrative, civil and criminal penalties; and 

•

 injunctions resulting in limitation or suspension of operations. 

There is inherent risk of incurring significant environmental costs and liabilities in our exploration and production operations due to our generation, handling and disposal of materials,
including wastes and petroleum hydrocarbons. We may incur joint and several, strict liability under applicable U.S.

32 

Table of Contents

federal and state environmental laws in connection with releases of petroleum hydrocarbons and other hazardous substances at, on, under or from our leased or owned properties, some of which have
been used for natural gas and oil exploration and production activities for a number of years, often by third parties not under our control. For our non-operated properties, we are dependent on the operator for operational and regulatory compliance.
While we may maintain insurance against some, but not all, of the risks described above, our insurance may not be adequate to cover casualty losses or liabilities, and our insurance does not cover penalties or fines that may be assessed by a
governmental authority. Also, in the future we may not be able to obtain insurance at premium levels that justify its purchase. 

Potential legislative and regulatory actions could increase our costs, reduce our revenue and cash flow from natural gas and oil sales, reduce our liquidity or otherwise alter the way we conduct our business. 

The activities of exploration and production companies operating in the United States are subject to extensive regulation at the
federal, state and local levels. Changes to existing laws and regulations or new laws and regulations such as those described below could, if adopted, have an adverse effect on our business. 

Federal Taxation of Independent Producers 

Federal budget proposals would potentially increase and accelerate the payment of federal income taxes of independent producers of natural gas and oil. Proposals that would significantly affect us would repeal the
expensing of intangible drilling costs, repeal the percentage depletion allowance and increase the amortization period of geological and geophysical expenses. These changes, if enacted, will make it more costly for us to explore for and develop our
natural gas and oil resources. 

Derivatives Trading 

The U.S. Congress is considering measures aimed at increasing the transparency and stability of the over-the-counter (OTC) derivative markets and preventing excessive speculation. We maintain
an active price and basis protection hedging program related to the natural gas and oil we produce to manage the risk of low commodity prices and to predict with greater certainty the cash flow from our hedged production. We have used the OTC market
exclusively for our natural gas and oil derivative contracts. Some proposals being considered would impose clearing and standardization requirements for all OTC derivatives and restrict trading positions in the energy futures markets. Such changes
would likely materially reduce our hedging opportunities and could negatively affect our revenues and cash flow during periods of low commodity prices. 

Hydraulic Fracturing 

It is customary in our industry that most natural gas
and oil wells use the hydraulic fracturing process. Certain environmental and other groups have suggested that additional laws and regulations may be needed to more closely regulate the hydraulic fracturing process, and legislation has been proposed
by some members of Congress to provide for such regulation. We cannot predict whether any such federal or state legislation or regulation will be enacted and if so, what its provisions would be. If additional levels of regulation and permits were
required through the adoption of new laws and regulations, our business and operations could be subject to delays, increased operating and compliance costs and process prohibitions. 

Climate Change 

The U.S. government is considering enacting new legislation or promulgating new regulations governing or restricting the emission of greenhouse gases from stationary sources such as our equipment and operations. The EPA has already
made findings and issued proposed regulations that

33 

Table of Contents

could lead to the imposition of restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions from stationary sources such as ours. In addition, the U.S. Congress has been considering various bills that would
establish an economy-wide cap-and-trade program to reduce U.S. emissions of greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide and methane. Such a program, if enacted, could require phased reductions in greenhouse gas emissions over several or many
years as could the issuance of a declining number of tradable allowances to sources of these emissions so that they may continue to emit greenhouse gases into the atmosphere. Legislative and regulatory proposals for restricting greenhouse gas
emissions or otherwise addressing climate change could require us to incur additional operating costs and could aversely affect demand for the natural gas and oil that we sell. The potential increase in our operating costs could include new or
increased costs to operate and maintain our equipment and facilities, install new emission controls on our equipment and facilities, acquire allowances to authorize our greenhouse gas emissions, pay taxes related to our greenhouse gas emissions and
administer and manage a greenhouse gas emissions program. Moreover, incentives to conserve energy or use alternative energy sources could reduce demand for natural gas and oil. 

The recent decline in general economic, business or industry conditions and the current economic uncertainty may have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 

Recently, concerns over
inflation, energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, the U.S. mortgage market and a declining real estate market in the United States have contributed to increased economic uncertainty and diminished expectations for
the global economy. 

These factors, combined with volatile natural gas and oil prices, the recent decline in business
and consumer confidence and increased unemployment, have precipitated an economic slowdown and a recession. Concerns about global economic growth have had a significant adverse impact on global financial markets and commodity prices. If the economic
climate in the United States or abroad deteriorates further, demand for petroleum products could continue to diminish and prices for natural gas and oil could continue to decrease, which could adversely impact our results of operations, liquidity
and financial condition. 

Our cash flow from operations, our revolving bank credit facilities and cash on hand
historically have not been sufficient to fund all of our expenditures, and we have relied on the capital markets and asset monetization transactions to provide us with additional capital. Poor economic conditions may negatively affect: 

•

 our ability to access the capital markets at a time when we would like, or need, to raise capital; 

•

 the number of participants in our proposed asset monetization transactions or the values we are able to realize in those transactions, making them uneconomic
or harder or impossible to consummate; 

•

 the collectability of our trade receivables could cause our commodity hedging arrangements to be ineffective if our counterparties are unable to perform their
obligations or seek bankruptcy protection; or 

•

 the ability of our joint venture partners to meet their obligations to fund a portion of our drilling costs in the Marcellus or Barnett Shale plays as agreed
under our joint venture arrangements. 

Our ability to sell natural gas and/or receive market
prices for our natural gas may be adversely affected by pipeline and gathering system capacity constraints and various transportation interruptions. 

If drilling in the Haynesville and Marcellus Shales continues to be successful, the amount of natural gas being produced by us and others could exceed the capacity of the various gathering and

34 

Table of Contents

intrastate or interstate transportation pipelines currently available in these areas. If this occurs, it will be necessary for new pipelines and gathering systems to be built. Because of the
current economic climate, certain pipeline projects that are planned for the Haynesville and Marcellus Shale areas may not occur for lack of financing. In addition, capital constraints could limit our ability to build intrastate gathering systems
necessary to transport our gas to interstate pipelines. In such event, we might have to shut in our wells awaiting a pipeline connection or capacity and/or sell natural gas production at significantly lower prices than those quoted on NYMEX or than
we currently project, which would adversely affect our results of operations. 

A portion of our natural gas and oil
production in any region may be interrupted, or shut in, from time to time for numerous reasons, including as a result of weather conditions, accidents, loss of pipeline or gathering system access, field labor issues or strikes, or we might
voluntarily curtail production in response to market conditions. If a substantial amount of our production is interrupted at the same time, it could temporarily adversely affect our cash flow.