Demand for our services may
decrease during an economic recession. The transportation industry historically has experienced cyclical fluctuations in financial results due to economic recession, downturns in business cycles of our customers, fuel shortages, price increases
by carriers, interest rate fluctuations, and other economic factors beyond our control. Carriers can be expected to charge higher prices to cover higher operating expenses, and our gross profits and income from operations may decrease if we are
unable to pass through to our customers the full amount of higher transportation costs. If economic recession or a downturn in our customers’ business cycles causes a reduction in the volume of freight shipped by those customers, particularly
among certain national retailers or in the food, beverage, paper, or printing industries, our operating results could also be adversely affected. 

We depend upon others to provide equipment and services. We do not own or control the transportation assets that deliver our customers freight and we do not employ the people directly involved in delivering the freight. We are
dependent on independent third parties to provide truck, rail, ocean and air services and to report certain events to us including delivery information and freight claims. This reliance could cause delays in reporting certain events, including
recognizing revenue and claims. If we are unable to secure sufficient equipment or other transportation services to meet our commitments to our customers, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected, and our customers could
switch to our competitors temporarily or permanently. Many of these risks are beyond our control including: 

•

 equipment shortages in the transportation industry, particularly among truckload carriers, 

•

 interruptions in service or stoppages in transportation as a result of labor disputes, 

•

 changes in regulations impacting transportation, and 

•

 unanticipated changes in transportation rates. 

Our international business raises additional difficulties. We provide services within and between continents on an increasing basis. Our business outside of the United States is subject to various risks,
including: 

•

 changes in economic and political conditions and in governmental policies, 

•

 changes in compliance with international and domestic laws and regulations, 

•

 wars, civil unrest, acts of terrorism and other conflicts, 

•

 natural disasters, 

•

 changes in tariffs, trade restrictions, trade agreements and taxations, 

•

 difficulties in managing or overseeing foreign operations, 

•

 limitations on the repatriation of funds because of foreign exchange controls, 

•

 different liability standards, and 

•

 intellectual property laws of countries which do not protect our intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States.

The occurrence or consequences of any of these factors may restrict our ability to operate in the affected region and/or decrease the
profitability of our operations in that region. 

As we expand our business in foreign countries we will expose the Company to increased
risk of loss from foreign currency fluctuations and exchange controls as well as longer accounts receivable payment cycles. We have limited control over these risks, and if we do not correctly anticipate changes in international economic and
political conditions, we may not alter our business practices in time to avoid adverse effects. 

Our ability to hire additional people
is important to the continued growth of our business. Our continued success depends upon our ability to attract and retain a large group of motivated salespersons and other logistics professionals. Our growth may be limited if we cannot recruit
and retain a sufficient number of people. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to continue to hire and retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel. Because of our comprehensive employee training program, our employees are attractive
targets for new and existing competitors. Our rapid expansion of operations has placed added demands on our management. Continued expansion depends in large part on our ability to develop successful employees into managers. 

11 

We face substantial industry competition. Competition in the transportation services industry is
intense and broad based. We compete against other non-asset based logistics companies as well as logistics companies that own their own equipment, third party freight brokers, Internet matching services and Internet freight brokers, and carriers
offering logistics services. We also compete against carriers’ internal sales forces and shippers’ transportation departments. We often buy and sell transportation services from and to many of our competitors. Increased competition could
create downward pressure on freight rates, and continued rate pressure may adversely affect our gross profit and income from operations. 

We are reliant on technology to operate our business. We have internally developed the majority of our operating systems. Our continued success is dependent on our systems continuing to operate and to meet the changing needs of our
customers. We are reliant on our technology staff to successfully implement changes to our operating systems in an efficient manner. Computer viruses could cause an interruption to the availability of our systems. Unauthorized access to our systems
with malicious intent could result in the theft of proprietary information and in systems outages. An unplanned systems outage or unauthorized access to our systems could materially and adversely affect our business. 

Because we manage our business on a decentralized basis, our operations may be materially adversely affected by inconsistent management practices.
We manage our business on a decentralized basis through a network of branch offices throughout North America, South America, Europe and Asia, supported by executives and services in a central corporate office, with branch management retaining
responsibility for day-to-day operations, profitability, personnel decisions and the growth of the business in their branch. Our decentralized operating strategy can make it difficult for us to implement strategic decisions and coordinated
procedures throughout our global operations. In addition, certain of our branches operate with management, sales and support personnel that may be insufficient to support growth in their respective branch without significant central oversight and
coordination. Our decentralized operating strategy could result in inconsistent management practices and materially and adversely affect our overall profitability and expose us to litigation. 

Our earnings may be affected by seasonal changes in the transportation industry. Results of operations for our industry generally show a seasonal
pattern as customers reduce shipments during and after the winter holiday season. In recent years, our operating income and earnings have been lower in the first quarter than in the other three quarters. Although seasonal changes in the
transportation industry have not had a significant impact on our cash flow or results of operations, we expect this trend to continue and we cannot guarantee that it will not adversely impact us in the future. 

We are subject to claims arising from our transportation operations. We use the services of thousands of transportation companies and their
drivers in connection with our transportation operations. From time to time, these drivers are involved in accidents and the carrier may not have adequate insurance coverage. Although these drivers are not our employees and all of these drivers are
employees, owner operators or independent contractors working for carriers, from time to time, claims may be asserted against us for their actions, or for our actions in retaining them. Claims against us may exceed the amount of our insurance
coverage, or may not be covered by insurance at all. In addition, our auto liability policy has a retention of $5 million per incident for years 2004 through 2006 and a retention of $3 million per incident for 2007
. A material increase in the
frequency or severity of accidents, liability claims or workers’ compensation claims, or unfavorable resolutions of claims, could materially and adversely affect our operating results. In addition, significant increases in insurance costs or
the inability to purchase insurance as a result of these claims could reduce our profitability. 

Our Sourcing business is dependent upon
the supply and price of fresh produce. The supply and price of fresh produce is affected by government food safety regulation, growing conditions (such as drought, insects and disease), and other conditions over which we have no control.
Commodity prices can be affected by shortages or overproduction and are often highly volatile. If we are unable to secure fresh produce to meet our commitments to our customers, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected, and
our customers could switch to our competitors temporarily or permanently. 

Sourcing and reselling fresh produce exposes us to possible product liability. Agricultural chemicals used on fresh produce are subject to various approvals, and the commodities themselves are subject to regulations on cleanliness
and contamination. Product recalls in the produce industry have been caused by concern about particular chemicals and alleged contamination, often leading to lawsuits brought by consumers of allegedly affected produce. Because we sell produce, we
may have legal responsibility arising from the sale. While we are insured for up to $100 million for product liability claims, settlement of class action claims is often costly, and we cannot guarantee that our liability coverage will be adequate
and will continue to be available. If we have to recall produce, we may be required to bear the cost of repurchasing, transporting and destroying any allegedly contaminated product, which our insurance does not cover. Any recall or allegation of
contamination could affect our reputation, particularly of our produce brand: The Fresh 1

®

or one of our other licensed branded products. Loss due to spoilage (including the need for disposal) is also a routine part of the sourcing business. 

Our business depends upon compliance with numerous government regulations. We are licensed by the U.S. Department of Transportation as a broker authorized to arrange for the transportation of general
commodities by motor vehicle. We must comply with certain insurance and surety bond requirements to act in this capacity. We are also licensed by the Federal Maritime Commission as an ocean freight forwarder, which requires us to maintain a
non-vessel operating common carrier bond. 

12 

We are also licensed by the Bureau of U.S. Customs and Border Protection. We source fresh produce under a license issued by the U.S. Department of
Agriculture. Our failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to entities holding these licenses could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. 

Legislative or regulatory changes can affect the economics of the transportation industry by requiring changes in operating practices or influencing the
demand for, and the cost of providing, transportation services. As part of our logistics services, we operate leased warehouse facilities. Our operations at these facilities include both warehousing and distribution services, and we are subject to
various federal and state environmental, work safety and hazardous materials regulations. We may experience an increase in operating costs, such as costs for security, as a result of governmental regulations that have been and will be adopted in
response to terrorist activities and potential terrorist activities. No assurances can be given that we will be able to pass these increased costs on to our customers in the form of rate increases or surcharges. 

We cannot predict what impact future regulations may have on our business. Our failure to maintain required permits or licenses, or to comply with
applicable regulations, could result in substantial fines or revocation of our operating permits and licenses. 

We derive a significant
portion of our gross revenues and gross profit from our largest clients. Our top 100 customers comprise approximately one-third of consolidated gross profits with none of them individually exceeding 3 percent. The sudden loss of many of our
major clients could materially and adversely affect our operating results. 

We may be unable to identify or complete suitable
acquisitions and investments. We may acquire or make investments in complementary businesses, products, services or technologies. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to identify suitable acquisitions or investment candidates. Even if we
identify suitable candidates, we cannot guarantee that we will make acquisitions or investments on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. If we acquire a company, we may have difficulty integrating its businesses, products, services, technologies
and personnel into our operations. Acquired companies or operations may have unexpected liabilities, and we may face challenges in retaining significant customers of acquired companies. These difficulties could disrupt our ongoing business, distract
our management and workforce, increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, we may incur debt or be required to issue equity securities to pay for future acquisitions or investments. The issuance of any equity
securities could be dilutive to our stockholders. 

Our growth and profitability may not continue, which may result in a decrease in our
stock price. Historically, our long-term growth objective has been 15% for gross profits, operating income, and earnings per share. There can be no assurance that our long-term growth objective will be achieved or that we will be able to
effectively adapt our management, administrative and operational systems to respond to any future growth. Our operating margins could be adversely affected by future changes in and expansion of our business or by changes in economic or political
conditions. Slower or less profitable growth or losses could adversely affect our stock price. 

Investor Information 

We were reincorporated in Delaware in 1997 as the successor to a business existing, in various legal forms, since 1905. Our corporate office is located at
8100 Mitchell Road, Eden Prairie, Minnesota 55344-2248, and our telephone number is (952) 937-8500. Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or
furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge through our website (www.chrobinson.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the material with the
Securities and Exchange Commission.