.

Relationships with Transportation Providers

We continually work on establishing contractual relationships with qualified transportation providers that meet both ours and our customers’ service requirements to provide dependable services, favorable pricing, and available capacity during periods when demand for transportation equipment is greater than the supply. We own very little transportation equipment and do not employ the people directly involved with the delivery of our customers’ freight, so these relationships are critical to our success.

In 2023, more than 450,000 transportation providers were on our platform, the vast majority of which are contracted motor carriers. To strengthen and maintain our relationships with contracted motor carriers, our employees regularly communicate with them and try to assist them by increasing their equipment utilization, reducing their empty miles, and repositioning their equipment. To make it easier for contracted motor carriers to work with us, we have a policy of making contracted motor carrier invoice payments upon receipt of proof of delivery in accordance with our standard payment terms. For those contracted motor carriers that would like a faster payment, we also offer expedited payment upon receipt of proof of delivery in exchange for a discount, along with offering in-trip cash advances. 

Contracted motor carriers provide access to dry vans, temperature-controlled vans, flatbeds, and bulk capacity. These contracted motor carriers are of all sizes, including owner-operators of a single truck, small and mid-size fleets, private fleets, and the largest national trucking companies. Consequently, we are not dependent on any one contracted motor carrier. In 2023, our largest truck transportation provider was less than one percent of our total cost of transportation, and contracted motor carriers that had fewer than 100 trucks transported approximately 74 percent of our truckload shipments. Every U.S. and Canadian motor carrier we do business with is required to execute a contract that establishes the motor carrier is acting as an independent contractor. At the time the contract is executed, and thereafter, through subscriptions with a third-party service, we confirm that each U.S. contracted motor carrier is properly licensed and insured, has the necessary federally-issued authority to provide transportation services, and can provide the necessary level of service on a dependable basis. Our motor carrier contracts require that the contracted motor carrier issue invoices only to, and accept payment solely from, us for the shipments that they transport under their contract with us and allow us to withhold payment to satisfy previous claims or shortages. Our standard 

8

Table of contents

contracts do not include volume commitments, and typically, the initial contract rate is modified each time we confirm an individual shipment with a contracted motor carrier.

In our NVOCC ocean transportation business, we have contracts with most of the major ocean carriers, which support a variety of service and rate needs for our customers. We negotiate annual contracts that establish the predetermined rates we agree to pay the ocean carriers. The rates are negotiated based on expected volumes from our customers in specific trade lanes. These contracts are often amended throughout the year to reflect changes in market conditions.

We operate both as a consolidator and as a transactional IAC in the U.S. and internationally. We select air carriers and provide for local pickup and delivery of shipments. We execute our air freight services through our relationships with air carriers, charter services, block space agreements, capacity space agreements, and transactional spot market negotiations. Through charter services, we contract part or all of an airplane to meet customer requirements. Our block space agreements and capacity space agreements are contracts for a defined time period. The contracts include fixed allocations for predetermined flights at agreed upon rates that are reviewed periodically throughout the year. The transactional negotiations afford us the ability to capture excess capacity at prevailing market rates for a specific shipment.

Seasonality

Our operating results have been subject to seasonal trends as a result of, or as influenced by, numerous factors, including national holidays, weather patterns, consumer demand, economic conditions, and other similar and subtle forces. Although seasonal changes in the transportation industry have not had a significant impact on our cash flow or results of operations, we expect this trend to continue, and we cannot guarantee that it will not adversely impact us in the future. 

Government Regulation

Our operations may be regulated and licensed by various federal, state, and local transportation agencies in the U.S. and similar governmental agencies in foreign countries in which we operate. 

We are subject to licensing and regulation as a property freight broker and are licensed by the U.S. Department of Transportation (“DOT”) to arrange for the transportation of property by motor vehicle. The DOT prescribes qualifications for acting in this capacity, including certain surety bonding requirements. C.H. Robinson is also licensed under, and subject to regulation by, the Federal Maritime Commission (“FMC”) as an ocean transportation intermediary in the capacity as both a freight forwarder and NVOCC; we maintain separate bonds and licenses for each. We operate as a Department of Homeland Security certified IAC, providing air freight services, subject to commercial standards set forth by the International Air Transport Association (“IATA”) and federal regulations issued by the Transportation Security Administration (“TSA”). C.H. Robinson performs customs brokerage services pursuant to its customs brokerage license issued by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (“CBP”). As a licensed customs broker, C.H. Robinson has experience working with other government agencies that maintain jurisdiction over certain customs entries. We also hold customs trade partnership against terrorism (“C-TPAT”) certification with CBP as both a customs broker and NVOCC. 

Although Congress enacted legislation in 1994 that substantially preempts the authority of states to exercise economic regulation of motor carriers and brokers of freight, some intrastate shipments for which we arrange transportation may be subject to additional licensing, registration, or permit requirements. We contractually require and rely on the motor carrier transporting the shipment to ensure compliance with these types of requirements. We, along with the contracted motor carriers on which we rely to arrange transportation services for our customers, are also subject to a variety of federal and state safety and environmental regulations. Although compliance with the regulations governing licensees in these areas has not had a materially adverse effect on our operations or financial condition in the past, there can be no assurance that such regulations or changes thereto will not adversely impact our operations in the future. Violation of these regulations could also subject us to fines, as well as increased claims liability.

We buy and sell fresh produce under licenses issued by the U.S. Department of Agriculture (“USDA”) as required by the Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act (“PACA”). Other sourcing and distribution activities may be subject to various federal and state food and drug statutes and regulations. 

As a publicly traded company and issuer of stock, we are subject to and maintain compliance with various anti-corruption and anti-bribery statutes such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the UK Bribery Act 2010, and certain other foreign countries' equivalent statutes or programs in the countries in which we operate. 

We are subject to laws and regulations in the U.S. and other countries concerning the handling of personal information, including laws that require us to notify governmental authorities and/or affected individuals of data breaches involving certain personal information. These laws and regulations include, for example, the European General Data Protection Regulation and 

9

Table of contents

the California Consumer Privacy Act. Regulatory actions or litigation seeking to impose significant penalties could be brought against us in the event of a data breach or alleged non-compliance with such laws and regulations.

Human Capital

At C.H. Robinson, our employees connect the world and are at the core of our success. They are logistics experts and problem solvers who are driven to win, and they act as an extension of our customers’ teams. In fact, our customers and contract carriers consistently cite our people as one of the top reasons they work with C.H. Robinson. Our talent strategy is built on our EDGE values: Evolve Constantly, Deliver Excellence, Grow Together, and Embrace Integrity. Our EDGE values are brought to life through our Leadership Principles: Adapt and Change, Constantly Innovate and Improve, Deliver Exceptional Results, Compete to Win, Value Differences, Inspire, Coach and Develop our People, and Think Like the Customer. Our Leadership Principles are unique to us and provide a shared understanding of what it means to lead and grow at C.H. Robinson; they reinforce our culture and help drive exceptional results. 

We attract, retain, and reward exceptional talent by creating an inclusive, high-performing culture and engaging employees with meaningful work at a place where they feel they belong, can grow, and are proud to work. We leverage the diverse perspectives, skills, and experiences of our global network of supply chain experts to create innovative solutions and better meet the needs of our customers, contract carriers, and growers.

Oversight and Governance

Our Board of Directors & Talent and Compensation Committee have oversight of our human capital management and diversity, equity and inclusion (
“
DEI”) efforts. They receive regular updates from our Chief Human Resources and Environmental, Social, and Governance (
“
ESG”) Officer on our key strategic initiatives, success measurements, and other relevant matters pertaining to human resources and DEI. This includes, but is not limited to, hiring and retention, culture, employee engagement, succession planning, compensation and benefits, and human resources or DEI-related risks.

Our People

As of December 31, 2023, we had a total of 15,246 employees in 39 countries, 12,954 of whom are network employees, as presented below. Our remaining employees support our network teams in Advanced Analytics and Data Science, Communications, Customer Strategy, Finance, Human Resources, Legal, Marketing, Product, and Technology and Engineering. Among our employees, 99 percent, work full-time hours. The following table illustrates our employee count by global region:

North America

Europe

Asia and Middle East

Oceania

South America

Total

Network employees

8,902 

1,639 

1,675 

415 

323 

12,954 

Shared services employees

1,546 

429 

253 

26 

38 

2,292 

Total Employees

10,448

2,068

1,928

441

361

15,246

Contingent workers

1,096 

14 

62 

4 

40 

1,216 

Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion (DEI)

Fostering a diverse and inclusive workforce is core to our company values. It is imperative to our business and the right thing to do. The unique experiences and backgrounds of our employees create a stronger, more innovative and successful team. Our commitment to DEI is brought to life by integrating our DEI strategic pillars (workplace diversity, workforce inclusivity, partnerships, and accountability) across our talent strategies and into our business. 

We believe the way to make progress on our DEI initiatives is by taking a shared approach to accountability. DEI metrics are tracked and reviewed quarterly with senior leadership. This allows leaders to spot trends and act as needed. Additionally, we have identified aspirational goals to be met by 2025 that focus on hiring, retention, engagement, and leadership representation for women (globally) and people of color (U.S. only). We regularly assess our progress on these goals and will evaluate future goals as we continue to advance and maintain our objectives. 

10

Table of contents

Some of our DEI metrics are summarized below as of December 31, 2023. Additional information can be found in our annual ESG report.

Women in Workforce

48 

%

Management Positions Held by Women

47 

%

Leadership Positions Held by Women

31 

%

U.S. Racial and Ethnic Minorities in Workforce

29 

%

Management Positions Held by U.S. Racial and Ethnic Minorities

24 

%

Leadership Positions Held by U.S. Racial and Ethnic Minorities

13 

%

External Hires - Women

42 

%

External Hires - U.S. Racial and Ethnic Minorities

50 

%

We have shown our commitment to shared accountability by tying progress on our DEI strategy and goals to the annual incentives for our senior leaders. We provide robust and targeted resources for managers to support inclusive leadership behaviors. Our Talent Acquisition team is focused on recruiting and hiring more women and people of color through partnerships with external organizations and universities, as well as implementing trainings and policies to ensure we have a bias-free hiring process. We offer several developmental opportunities with a DEI focus to our employees including sponsorship, mentorship, and leadership programs, as well as employee resource groups.

Talent Acquisition, Engagement, and Retention 

C.H. Robinson attracts, engages, and retains exceptional talent that represents the communities we serve. Proven recruitment marketing practices are leveraged to increase talent brand awareness and drive high quality applicant flow. Our Leadership Principles are embedded in the recruitment process to help ensure new hires meet our expectations along with having the skills and abilities to excel in the job.

Our employee turnover ratio, which is calculated as the number of employees who departed in the 12 months ended December 31, 2023, divided by the average number of employees in the 12 months ended December 31, 2023, was 24 percent. In line with easing labor market conditions in 2023, our voluntary turnover rate declined 2 percentage points from 2022 to 13 percent. In addition, we actively drive retention by focusing on the top drivers for our employees, including compensation, flexibility in where employees work, work-life balance, and career growth opportunities. 

We regularly survey our employees and engage in focus groups to better understand what our employees value and how we can continuously enhance their experience. Our 2023 engagement survey generated an engagement score of 77 percent, which is a slight decline from past years. Areas of strength across the enterprise continue to be the capabilities of our managers, the strong relationships between our people and their managers and our understanding of our customers’ needs. The survey results indicated that employees feel comfortable discussing their concerns with their managers, and clearly understand performance expectations and the needs of their customers. In addition, collaboration and communication, a key focus area for the enterprise, showed year-over-year improvement. To increase engagement back to historical levels and address areas of opportunity, we have outlined key focus areas for the enterprise including clarifying company direction, enhancing survey credibility and action planning, continuing to increase communication and collaboration, and increasing perceptions of fair pay.

Onboarding and Development 

We believe a focus on the development of our leaders and employees results in high performing employees who are empowered to accelerate their careers and deliver exceptional, customer-centric results. Our talent model is to prioritize growing talent and leaders because we believe their experience, knowledge, relationships, and expertise become increasingly valuable with time. 

The foundation of our talent strategy starts with building a deep bench of leaders who can execute, inspire and drive our business today and into the future. With an increasingly diverse and dispersed workforce, leaders must consistently demonstrate to our employees what C.H. Robinson stands for in terms of our mission, vision and values. We prioritize our leaders’ capabilities to coach and provide feedback to empower employees to collaborate across the enterprise, drive business results and grow their careers. We provide new leaders with onboarding to ensure incoming and transitioning leaders get up to speed quickly, so they are ready to lead and support their employees. Throughout their careers, leaders are provided development opportunities via our leadership development programs and stretch assignments, which are in place for our high potential employees, our next generation leaders, and high-performing leaders. In addition, we have a sponsorship program to champion the growth of our employees of color and women employees. We also have targeted leadership development programs for women and Black, Asian, and Hispanic/Latinx leaders at various stages of their leadership careers. We evaluate leadership 

11

Table of contents

talent across the organization through our talent planning process, which allows us to assess, calibrate and differentiate talent based on performance and potential across the organization. This process drives succession planning for critical leadership roles in the organization. 

At C.H. Robinson, we hire highly engaged people who are motivated to outperform and proactively solve problems. As they join, our employees are given a clear understanding of C.H. Robinson’s vision, where they fit within it, and the growth opportunity it offers them. Onboarding emphasizes the skills necessary to become productive employees, including training on our proprietary technology systems, our customer service philosophy and our company culture, values, DEI (which includes unconscious bias training), and Leadership Principles. Onboarding is followed by on-the-job training and regular performance and development conversations between employees and their leaders.

Throughout an employee’s career at C.H. Robinson, we develop and recognize employees by setting clear performance expectations and providing development opportunities. All employees have access to a digital learning platform that supports their ongoing development. Employees can also explore potential roles and career paths through an online resource center, where they are provided resources about performance and development, along with information about how they are supported and rewarded for the work they do. 

Wellness, Benefits, and Compensation 

At C.H. Robinson, we take a comprehensive view on the importance of supporting our employees’ health and well-being. Our total rewards strategies support employees’ health, wealth, and self and incorporate market-competitive pay and comprehensive benefit programs for all global employees. 

We deliver highly competitive and meaningful benefit programs designed to meet the needs of our diverse workforce. Our commitment to our employees embodies benefit plans and programs that support physical, emotional, and financial wellness. Our benefit programs include a broad array of plans, such as healthcare and retirement benefits, and an employee assistance program in Europe, North America, South America, as well as some of our other global locations, which provides additional no-cost access to behavioral health benefits and counseling. Benefits are reviewed on an annual basis to ensure they stay competitive in the marketplace, are clear, and incorporate the voice of our employees to ensure we meet their diverse needs.

The goals of our compensation programs are to align pay for performance; reward profitable long-term growth; support company goals, business transformation, and company culture; pay market competitive compensation that attracts, retains, and motivates top talent and allows for upside opportunity to reward that talent if the company achieves superior performance; and align the interests of management to our owners, the shareholders. Our rewards are constructed to incentivize enterprise performance and commercial growth and to support business strategy and the achievement of business performance goals. We have designed short- and long-term incentives to drive the behaviors necessary to achieve our enterprise strategic priorities. These incentives ensure groups and individuals are rewarded for working together toward our most impactful priorities, products, and services. We are increasing compensation transparency, which helps drive the connection between pay and performance and supports our goal of providing visibility to our employees about career path opportunities in the organization.

Lastly, our equity compensation program is an important part of how we stay competitive from a total compensation perspective, as it incentivizes and rewards leadership for sustained enterprise performance. We believe the program further contributes to our success as it helps to create long-term ownership and alignment between employees and our shareholders. Select employees who have significant responsibilities in helping drive results are eligible to receive equity awards through our equity compensation program. Refer to Note 6, 
Capital Stock and Stock Award Plans
, to our consolidated financial statements for further discussion related to our equity award plan design. 

Community Engagement

Giving back to our communities and supporting non-profit organizations inspires and engages our employees and is core to our culture. We proudly support our industry and our communities around the world by providing philanthropic donations to causes that matter most to our employees. Through our company and the C.H. Robinson Foundation, we contributed $3.6 million to approximately 1,000 charities in 2023. 

We provide funding in the following focus areas: strategic industry grants that help the supply chain and logistics industry thrive; diversity, equity and inclusion grants that foster equal opportunities and promote inclusivity; Twin Cities grants that strengthen Minneapolis-Saint Paul; employee-driven philanthropy through Robinson Cares, our signature giving and volunteer program. In addition, the company and the C.H. Robinson Foundation support disaster relief and humanitarian aid, employee relief funds, and scholarship programs for our employees and our contract carriers.

12

Table of contents

Environmental Sustainability 

C.H. Robinson is committed to reducing our environmental footprint, while helping to support sustainability efforts in our industry and for our customers. On a regular basis, we engage with our internal and external stakeholders to identify our priority ESG topics, including environmental sustainability. Our Chief Human Resources and ESG Officer and Vice President of ESG provide annual updates to the Board of Directors and designated committees on our most critical ESG topics. The full results of these engagements and more information is available in our annual ESG report each year, which includes indices for the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board and Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures. 

We focus our sustainability efforts in three areas: working to reduce our own greenhouse gas emissions, helping customers meet their sustainability goals, and contributing to advancements in sustainability within the transportation industry. We are committed to reducing our greenhouse gas emissions, and we measure and report on our Scope 1, 2, and 3 emissions in our annual ESG report. We set a science-aligned below 2°C goal to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 carbon intensity by 40 percent by 2025. In 2023, we announced that we met and exceeded our goal two years early and have reduced our emissions intensity by 47 percent.

In addition to tracking and managing our own environmental footprint, we leverage our scope, size, and scale to help customers meet their sustainability goals through tools like Emissions IQ™, which measures Scope 3 emissions from transportation, and by consulting on ways to optimize their supply chain and eliminate empty miles on the road in order to reduce emissions. Robinson Fresh focuses on reducing food waste through innovative technologies and reducing waste by including sustainable packaging options across our product portfolio.

As a leader in our industry, we work to advance sustainability efforts through collaborations with non-profit and academic institutions, including sponsorship of research and participation in working groups focused on innovation within the transportation industry.

Additional information about our human capital management and environmental sustainability initiatives, goals, and achievements is available in the ESG report available on our website; however, the ESG report is not incorporated by reference in, and is not a part of, this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Information about our Executive Officers

The Board of Directors designates the executive officers annually. Below are the names, ages, and positions of the executive officers as of February 16, 2024:

Name

 Age

Position

David P. Bozeman

55

President and Chief Executive Officer

Ben G. Campbell

58

Chief Legal Officer and Secretary

Michael Castagnetto

47

President of NAST

Angela K. Freeman

56

Chief Human Resources and ESG Officer

Arun Rajan

55

Chief Operating Officer

Michael J. Short

53

President of Global Freight Forwarding

Michael P. Zechmeister

57

Chief Financial Officer

David P. Bozeman was named the President and Chief Executive Officer in June 2023. Prior to joining C.H. Robinson, Dave served as Vice President, Ford Customer Service Division, and Vice President, Enthusiast Vehicles, for Ford Blue of Ford Motor Company, an automobile manufacturer, a position he held since August 2022. Prior to joining Ford, Dave was Senior Vice President, Amazon Transportation Services of Amazon.com, Inc., an electronic commerce and cloud computing company, from February 2017 to August 2022. Dave previously held leadership positions of increasing responsibility at Caterpillar Inc. and Harley-Davidson, Inc. Dave holds a Master of Science degree in Engineering Management from the Milwaukee School of Engineering and a Bachelor of Science degree in Manufacturing Design from Bradley University.

Ben G. Campbell was named Chief Legal Officer and Secretary in January 2015. Previous positions with the company include Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary from January 2009 to December 2014 and Assistant General Counsel from February 2004 to December 2008. Ben joined C.H. Robinson in 2004. Before coming to C.H. Robinson, Ben was a partner at Rider Bennett, LLP, in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He currently serves as a director on the board of Second Harvest Heartland. Ben holds a Bachelor of Science degree from St. John’s University and a Juris Doctor from William Mitchell College of Law.

Michael Castagnetto was named President of NAST in February 2024. Prior executive and management positions with the company include NAST Vice President of Customer Success from January 2023 to January 2024, Robinson Fresh President, 

13

Table of contents

from January 2020 to December 2022 and other management roles of increasing responsibility since 2013. Prior to these roles, Michael held various customer facing roles within the company. He began his career with C.H. Robinson through the company’s acquisition of FoodSource, Inc., in 2005. He is a board member of the Pinky Swear Foundation. He holds a Bachelor of Arts from Saint Mary’s College of California.

Angela K. Freeman was named Chief Human Resources Officer in January 2015, and in October 2019, also became ESG Officer. She additionally serves as the Chair of the Board of the C.H. Robinson Foundation. Prior to her current roles, she served as Vice President of Human Resources from August 2012 to December 2014 and Vice President of Investor Relations and Public Affairs from January 2009 to August 2012. Previous positions at C.H. Robinson include Director of Investor Relations and Director of Marketing Communications. In addition to her responsibilities at C.H. Robinson, Angela currently serves on the Board of Directors of The Shyft Group, Inc. and on the Board of the University of North Dakota Alumni Association & Foundation. Prior to joining C.H. Robinson in 1998, Angela was with McDermott/O’Neill & Associates, a Boston-based public affairs firm. Angela holds a Bachelor of Arts degree and a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of North Dakota and a Master of Science degree from the London School of Economics.

Arun Rajan was named Chief Operating Officer in October 2022 and leads the Product, Technology, Data Science, Analytics and Marketing organizations at C.H. Robinson. Arun joined C.H. Robinson as Chief Product Officer in September 2021. Prior to joining C.H. Robinson, Arun was the Chief Technology Officer of Whole Foods Market, part of Amazon, from September 2019 to July 2021. Arun also held leadership positions at Zappos, an online retail company, through its acquisition by Amazon, serving as Chief Operating Officer from April 2015 to August 2019, Acting Chief Operating Officer from September 2014 to March 2015, and Chief Technology Officer from 2009 to 2013. Prior to Zappos, Arun's leadership roles included serving as the Chief Technology Officer of One Kings Lane in San Francisco, Co-founder and Chief Technology Officer of New York City’s Intent Media, Chief Technology Officer of Travelocity Europe and LastMinute.com in London, and Co-Founder and Chief Technology Officer of ITRadar.com in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Arun holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Computer Science from Pittsburgh State University and a Master of Science degree in Information Systems Management from the University of Arizona. 

Michael J. Short was named President of Global Freight Forwarding in May 2015. He joined C.H. Robinson through the company’s acquisition of Phoenix International in 2012 and is a 21-year veteran of the global forwarding industry. Prior to being named President of Global Freight Forwarding, Michael served as Vice President, Global Forwarding – North America. Prior to joining C.H. Robinson, he held a number of roles at Phoenix International, including Regional Manager, Sales Manager, and General Manager of the St. Louis office. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the University of Missouri.

Michael P. Zechmeister was named Chief Financial Officer in September 2019. He has over three decades of finance experience. Before joining C.H. Robinson in September 2019, he served as Chief Financial Officer of United Natural Foods, Inc. (“UNFI”), a natural and organic food company, where he led organization and capability enhancements across the finance function. Prior to joining UNFI, he spent 25 years at General Mills, where he held a variety of finance leadership roles, including Vice President of Finance for the Pillsbury and Yoplait Divisions, Vice President of Finance for U.S. Retail Sales, and Treasurer. Michael currently serves on the Board of Directors of Hormel Foods Corporation. Michael holds a Bachelor of Science degree from the Carlson School of Management at the University of Minnesota and a Masters of Business Administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University. As previously, disclosed, Michael will depart his position as Chief Financial Officer upon the appointment of his successor or no later than May 31, 2024, at which time he plans to retire.

Investor Information

We were reincorporated in Delaware in 1997 as the successor to a business existing, in various legal forms, since 1905. Our corporate office is located at 14701 Charlson Road, Eden Prairie, Minnesota, 55347-5088, and our telephone number is (952) 937-8500. Copies of our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Proxy Statement, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge through our website (www.chrobinson.com) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file the material with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Information contained on our website is not part of this report. 

14

Table of contents

Cautionary Statement Relevant to Forward-Looking Information

This Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our financial statements, 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 in Item 7 of Part II of this report, and other documents incorporated by reference, contain certain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. When used in this Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, in our press releases, presentations to securities analysts or investors, in oral statements made by or with the approval of any of our executive officers, the words or phrases “believes,” “may,” “could,” “will,” “expects,” “should,” “continue,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “will likely result,” “estimates,” “projects,” or similar expressions and variations thereof are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.

Except for the historical information contained in this Form 10-K, the matters set forth in this document may be deemed to be forward-looking statements that represent our expectations, beliefs, intentions, or strategies concerning future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from our historical experience or our present expectations, including, but not limited to, factors such as changes in economic conditions, including uncertain consumer demand; changes in market demand and pressures on the pricing for our services; fuel price increases or decreases, or fuel shortages; competition and growth rates within the global logistics industry that could adversely impact our profitability; freight levels and increasing costs and availability of truck capacity or alternative means of transporting freight; risks associated with seasonal changes or significant disruptions in the transportation industry; risks associated with identifying and completing suitable acquisitions; our dependence upon and changes in relationships with existing contracted truck, rail, ocean, and air carriers; risks associated with the loss of significant customers; risks associated with reliance on technology to operate our business; cyber-security related risks; our ability to staff and retain employees; risks associated with operations outside of the U.S.; our ability to successfully integrate the operations of acquired companies with our historic operations; climate change related risks; risks associated with our indebtedness; risks associated with interest rates; risks associated with litigation, including contingent auto liability and insurance coverage; risks associated with the potential impact of changes in government regulations including environmental-related regulations; risks associated with the changes to income tax regulations; risks associated with the produce industry, including food safety and contamination issues; the impact of changes in political and governmental conditions; changes to our capital structure; changes due to catastrophic events; risks associated with the usage of artificial intelligence technologies; and other risks and uncertainties, including those described in Item 1A, Risk Factors. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update these statements in light of subsequent events or developments.

15

Table of contents

 

The following are material factors that could affect our financial performance and could cause actual results for future periods to differ materially from our anticipated results or other expectations, including those expressed in any forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We may also refer to this disclosure to identify factors that may cause actual results to differ from those expressed in other forward-looking statements, including those made in oral presentations such as telephone conferences and webcasts open to the public.

Business environment and competition risk factors

Economic recessions could have a significant, adverse impact on our business. 
The transportation industry historically has experienced cyclical fluctuations in financial results due to economic recessions, downturns in business cycles of our customers, interest rate fluctuations, currency fluctuations, and other economic factors beyond our control. Deterioration in the economic environment subjects our business to various risks, which may have a material and adverse impact on our operating results and cause us to not reach our long-term growth goals:

•
Decrease in volumes: A reduction in overall freight volumes in the marketplace may reduce our opportunities for growth. A significant portion of our freight is comprised of transactional or spot market opportunities. The market may be impacted by supply chain disruptions or overall economic conditions. In addition, if a downturn in our customers’ business cycles causes a reduction in the volumes of freight shipped by those customers, particularly among certain national retailers or in the food, beverage, retail, manufacturing, housing, paper, ecommerce, or printing industries, our operating results could be adversely affected. During 2022 and 2023, we experienced a decline in volumes as shippers struggled with elevated inventory levels and consumer demand was negatively impacted by inflation and macroeconomic uncertainty. These volume declines have also driven declining freight rates in certain transportation modes and trade lanes.

•
Credit risk and working capital: Some of our customers may face economic difficulties and may not be able to pay us, and some may go out of business. In addition, some customers may not pay us as quickly as they have in the past, which may cause our working capital needs to increase.

•
Transportation provider failures: A significant number of our contracted transportation providers may go out of business, and we may be unable to secure sufficient equipment or other transportation services to meet our commitments to our customers.

•
Expense management: We may not be able to appropriately adjust our expenses to changing market demands. In order to maintain high variability in our business model, it is necessary to adjust staffing levels to changing market demands. In periods of rapid change, it may be more difficult to match our staffing levels to our business needs. In addition, we have other expenses that are fixed for a period of time, and we may not be able to adequately adjust them in a period of rapid change in market demand.

Higher carrier prices may result in decreased adjusted gross profit margin and increases in working capital.
 Carriers can be expected to charge higher prices if market conditions warrant or to cover higher operating expenses. Our adjusted gross profits and income from operations may decrease if we are unable to increase our pricing to our customers. Increased demand for over the road transportation services and changes in regulations may reduce available capacity and increase motor carrier pricing. In some instances where we have entered into contract freight rates with customers, in the event market conditions change and those contracted rates are below market rates, we may be required to provide transportation services at a loss. As our volumes increase or we increase freight rates charged to our customers, the resulting increase in revenues may increase our working capital needs due to our business model, which generally has a higher length of days sales outstanding than days payables outstanding.

Changing fuel costs and interruptions of fuel supplies may have an impact on our adjusted gross profit margin.
 In our truckload transportation business, fluctuating fuel prices may result in a decreased adjusted gross profit margin. While our different pricing arrangements with customers and contracted motor carriers make it very difficult to measure the precise impact, we believe fuel costs essentially act as a pass-through cost to our truckload business. In times of fluctuating fuel prices, our adjusted gross profit margin may also fluctuate. Adjusted gross profit margin is a non-GAAP financial measure calculated as adjusted gross profits divided by total revenues. For additional information, see Item 7 of Part II, 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

16

Table of contents

Our dependence on third parties to provide equipment and services may impact the delivery and quality of our transportation and logistics services.
 We do not employ the people directly involved in delivering our customers’ freight. We depend on independent third parties to provide truck, rail, ocean, and air services and to report certain events to us, including but not limited to, shipment status information and freight claims. These independent third parties may not fulfill their obligations to us, or our relationship with these parties may change, which may prevent us from meeting our commitments to our customers. Our reliance on these third parties also could cause delays in reporting certain events, including recognizing claims. In addition, if we are unable to secure sufficient equipment or other transportation services from third parties to meet our commitments to our customers, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected, and our customers could switch to our competitors temporarily or permanently. Many of these risks are beyond our control, including:

•
equipment and driver shortages in the transportation industry, particularly among contracted motor carriers;

•
changes in regulations impacting transportation;

•
disruption in the supply or cost of fuel;

•
reduction or deterioration in rail service; 

•
the introduction of alternative means of transporting freight; and 

•
unanticipated changes in freight markets.

We face substantial industry competition.
 Competition in the transportation services industry is intense and broad-based. We compete against traditional and non-traditional logistics companies, including transportation providers that own equipment, third-party freight brokers, technology matching services, internet freight brokers, carriers offering logistics services, and on-demand transportation service providers. We also compete against carriers’ internal sales forces. In addition, customers can bring in-house some of the services we provide to them. We often buy and sell transportation services from and to many of our competitors. Increased competition could reduce our market opportunity and create downward pressure on freight rates, and continued rate pressure may adversely affect our adjusted gross profits and income from operations. In some instances where we have entered into contract freight rates with customers, in the event market conditions change and those contracted rates are below market rates, we may be required to provide transportation services at a loss.

Our earnings may be affected by seasonal changes or significant disruptions in the transportation industry. 
Results of operations for our industry generally show a seasonal pattern as customers reduce shipments during and after the winter holiday season. We believe this historical pattern has been the result of, or influenced by, numerous factors, including national holidays, weather patterns, consumer demand, economic conditions, and other similar and subtle forces. Although seasonal changes in the transportation industry have not had a significant impact on our cash flow or results of operations, we expect this trend to continue, and we cannot guarantee it will not adversely impact us in the future. The transportation industry may also be significantly impacted by disruptions such as port congestion and the availability of transportation equipment, as well as factors such as labor shortages, fuel prices, shifts in consumer demand toward more locally sourced products, and regulatory changes. These disruptions may impact the growth rates within the global logistics industry and our ability to provide transportation services for our customers, each of which may adversely impact our results of operations and operating cash flows. 

We may be unable to identify or complete suitable acquisitions and investments.
 We may acquire or make investments in complementary businesses, products, services, or technologies. We cannot guarantee we will be able to identify suitable acquisitions or investment candidates. Even if we identify suitable candidates, we cannot guarantee we will make acquisitions or investments on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. The timing and number of acquisitions we pursue may also cause volatility in our financial results. In addition, we may incur debt or be required to issue equity securities to pay for future acquisitions or investments. The issuance of any equity securities could be dilutive to our stockholders.

Our sourcing business is dependent upon the supply and price of fresh produce.
 The supply and price of fresh produce is affected by weather and growing conditions, including but not limited to, flood, drought, freeze, insects, disease, and other conditions over which we have no control. Commodity prices can be affected by shortages or overproduction and are often highly volatile. If we are unable to secure fresh produce to meet our commitments to our customers, our operating results could be materially and adversely affected, and our customers could switch to our competitors temporarily or permanently. To assure access to certain commodities, we occasionally make monetary advances to growers to finance their operations. Repayment of these advances is dependent upon the growers’ ability to grow and harvest marketable crops.

17

Table of contents

Company risk factors

We rely on technology to operate our business.
 We have internally developed the majority of our operating systems and also rely on technology provided by third parties. Our continued success is dependent on our systems continuing to operate and to meet the changing needs of our customers and users. The continued automation of existing processes and usage of third-party technology and cloud network capacity will require adaptation and adjustments that may increase our exposure to cybersecurity risks and system availability reliance. We rely on our technology staff and third-party vendors to successfully implement changes to, and to maintain, our operating systems in an efficient manner. If we fail to maintain, protect, and enhance our operating systems, we may be at a competitive disadvantage and lose customers.

As demonstrated by recent material and high-profile data security breaches, computer malware, viruses, computer hacking, and phishing attacks have become more prevalent, have occurred on our operating systems in the past, and may occur on our operating systems in the future. Previous attacks on our operating systems have not had a material financial impact on our operations, but we cannot guarantee future attacks will have little to no impact on our business. Furthermore, given the interconnected nature of the supply chain and our significant presence in the industry, we believe we may be an attractive target for such attacks. The insurance coverage we currently have in place may not apply to a particular loss or it may not be sufficient to cover all liabilities to which we may be subject. A loss for which we are not adequately insured could materially affect our financial results. 

Though it is difficult to determine what, if any, harm may directly result from any specific interruption or attack, a significant impact on the performance, reliability, security, and availability of our operating systems and technical infrastructure to the satisfaction of our users may harm our reputation, impair our ability to retain existing customers or attract new customers, and expose us to legal claims and government action, each of which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations, and growth prospects. 

Our international operations subject us to operational, financial, and data privacy risks.
 We provide services within and between foreign countries on an increasing basis. Our business outside of the U.S. is subject to various risks, including:

•
changes in tariffs, trade restrictions, trade agreements, and taxations;

•
difficulties in managing or overseeing foreign operations and agents;

•
limitations on the repatriation of funds because of foreign exchange controls;

•
different liability standards; 

•
intellectual property laws of countries that do not protect our rights in our intellectual property, including but not limited to, our proprietary information systems, to the same extent as the laws of the U.S.;

•
issues related to non-compliance with laws, rules, and regulations in the countries in which we operate including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar regulations. Failure to comply could result in reputational harm, substantial penalties, and operational restrictions; and

•
global laws and regulations regarding the collection, use, processing, and transfer of personal information may impact our services by imposing restrictions on processing, increase legal claim liability, and increase regulatory scrutiny and fines. These requirements continue to evolve and vary by region and regime, which increases the risk of noncompliance and impacts operations, including additional expenses and resources necessary to manage compliant operations.

The occurrence or consequences of any of these factors may restrict our ability to operate in the affected region and/or decrease the profitability of our operations in that region.

As we continue to expand our business internationally, we expose the company to increased risk of loss from foreign currency fluctuations, as well as longer accounts receivable payment cycles. Foreign currency fluctuations could result in currency exchange gains or losses or could affect the book value of our assets and liabilities. Furthermore, we may experience unanticipated changes to our income tax liabilities resulting from changes in geographical income mix and changing international tax legislation. We have limited control over these risks, and if we do not correctly anticipate changes in international economic and political conditions, we may not alter our business practices in time to avoid adverse effects.

18

Table of contents

Our ability to appropriately staff and retain employees is important to our business model.
 Our continued success depends upon our ability to attract and retain motivated logistics professionals. In order to maintain high variability in our business model, it is necessary to adjust staffing levels to changing market demands. In periods of rapid change, it may be more difficult to match our staffing level to our business needs. We cannot guarantee we will be able to continue to hire and retain a sufficient number of qualified personnel. In addition, macroeconomic factors impacting the labor market may result in higher costs to hire and retain qualified personnel. Because of our comprehensive employee training program, our employees are attractive targets for new and existing competitors. Continued success depends in large part on our ability to develop successful employees into managers.

We use, and may continue to expand our use of, machine learning and artificial intelligence (“AI”) technologies to deliver our services and operate our business.
 If we fail to successfully integrate AI into our platform and business processes, or if we fail to keep pace with rapidly evolving AI technological developments, including attracting and retaining talented AI developers and programmers and cybersecurity personnel, we may face a competitive disadvantage. At the same time, the use or offering of AI technologies may result in new or expanded risks and liabilities, including enhanced government or regulatory scrutiny, litigation, privacy and compliance issues, ethical concerns, confidentiality, reputational harm, and security risks. It is not possible to predict all of the risks related to the use of AI and changes in laws, rules, directives, and regulations governing the use of AI may adversely affect our ability to develop and use AI or subject us to legal liability. The cost of complying with laws and regulations governing AI could be significant and would increase our operating expenses, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Further, market demand and acceptance of AI technologies are uncertain, and we may be unsuccessful in efforts to further incorporate AI into our processes.

We derive a significant portion of our total revenues and adjusted gross profits from our largest customers.
 During 2023, our top 100 customers based on total revenue comprised approximately 35 percent of our consolidated total revenues and our top 100 customers based on adjusted gross profits comprised approximately 28 percent of our consolidated adjusted gross profits. Our largest customer comprised approximately two percent of our consolidated total revenues. The sudden loss of major customers could materially and adversely affect our operating results.

We may be subject to the negative impacts of climate change, which could adversely impact our business and financial results. 
The potential impacts of climate change may subject us to various risks, including:

•
physical risks such as extreme weather conditions or other types of weather events, which could disrupt our operations;

•
compliance costs and transition risks such as increased regulation on us and on our contracted transportation providers; and

•
reputational and strategic risks due to shifts in customer demands such as customers requiring more fuel efficient transportation, autonomous transportation modes, or increased transparency to carbon emissions in their supply chains.

Such impacts may disrupt our operations by adversely affecting our ability to procure services that meet regulatory or customer requirements and may negatively affect our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition.

We may have difficulties integrating acquired companies. 
For acquisitions, success depends upon efficiently integrating the acquired business into our existing operations. If we complete a large acquisition or multiple acquisitions within a short period of time, we may experience heightened difficulties integrating the acquired companies. We are required to integrate these businesses into our internal control environment, which may present challenges that are different than those presented by organic growth and that may be difficult to manage. If we are unable to successfully integrate and grow these acquisitions and to realize contemplated revenue synergies and cost savings, our business, prospects, results of operations, financial position, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

Our growth and profitability may not continue, which may result in a decrease in our stock price.
 There can be no assurance that our long-term growth targets will be achieved or that we will be able to effectively adapt our management, administrative, and operational systems to respond to any future growth. Future changes in and expansion of our business, or changes in economic or political conditions, could adversely affect our operating margins. Slower or less profitable growth or losses could adversely affect our stock price.

19

Table of contents

Our indebtedness could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 
Significant adverse economic and industry conditions could negatively affect our ability to pay principal and interest on our debt and limit our ability to fund working capital, capital expenditures, possible acquisitions, dividends, share repurchases, or other investments. If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows to satisfy our debt obligations or refinance these debt obligations with commercially acceptable terms, it may adversely impact our financial position and results of operations. We may be unable to comply with the various restrictions and covenants under our indebtedness, which may result in default and our outstanding indebtedness may become immediately due and payable and adversely impact our financial position. 

We may be adversely impacted by changing interest rates.
 We are exposed to changes in interest rates, primarily on our short-term debt that carries floating interest rates. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary policies, economic conditions, and other factors beyond our control. A significant increase in interest rates could adversely impact our financial position and results of operations. 

Governmental, regulatory, and legal risk factors

Changes to income tax regulations in the U.S. and other jurisdictions where we operate may increase our tax liability. 
We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and other jurisdictions where we operate. Changes to income tax laws and regulations in any of the jurisdictions where we operate could adversely affect our overall tax liability. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (“OECD”) reached agreement among various countries to implement a minimum 15 percent tax rate on certain multinational enterprises, commonly referred to as Pillar Two. Many countries continue to announce changes in their tax laws and regulations based on the Pillar Two proposals. We are continuing to evaluate the impact of these proposed and enacted legislative changes as new guidance becomes available. Some of these legislative changes could impact our effective tax rate and tax liabilities. Given the numerous proposed tax law changes and the uncertainty regarding such proposed legislative changes, the impact of Pillar Two could adversely impact our effective tax rate, financial position, and results of operations.

We are subject to claims arising from our transportation operations.
 We use the services of thousands of third-party transportation companies in connection with our transportation operations. From time to time, the drivers employed and engaged by the motor carriers with which we contract are involved in accidents, which may result in serious personal injuries. The resulting types and/or amounts of damages may be excluded by or exceed the amount of insurance coverage maintained by the contracted motor carrier. We contractually require all motor carriers we work with to carry at least $750,000 in automobile liability insurance. We also require all contracted motor carriers to maintain workers compensation and other insurance coverage as required by law. Most contracted motor carriers have insurance exceeding these minimum requirements, as well as cargo insurance in varying policy amounts. Railroads, which are generally self-insured, provide limited common carrier cargo loss or damage liability protection, generally up to $250,000 per shipme
nt. Although these drivers are not our employees and all of these drivers are employees, owner-operators, or independent contractors working for the contracted motor carriers, from time to time, claims may be asserted against us for their actions or for our actions in retaining them. Cl
aims against us may exceed the amount of our insurance coverage or may not be covered by insurance at all. A material increase in the frequency or severity of accidents, liability claims, workers’ compensation claims, or unfavorable resolutions of claims could materially and adversely affect our operating results. In addition, significant increases in insurance costs or the inability to purchase insurance as a result of these claims could reduce our profitability. Our involvement in the transportation of certain goods, including but not limited to, hazardous materials, could also increase our exposure in the event one of our contracted motor carriers is involved in an accident resulting in injuries or contamination.

In North America, as a property freight broker, we are not legally liable for loss or damage to our customers' cargo. In our customer contracts, we may agree to assume cargo liability up to a stated maximum. We typically do not assume cargo liability to our customers above minimum industry standards in our international freight forwarding, ocean transportation, or air freight businesses on international or domestic air shipments. Although we are not legally liable for loss or damage to our customers' cargo, from time to time, claims may be asserted against us for cargo losses. We maintain a broad cargo liability insurance policy to help protect us against catastrophic losses that may not be recovered from the responsible contracted carrier. We also carry various liability insurance policies, including automobile and general liability, with a $125 million umbrella with up to a $10 million retention, an additional $10 million corridor retention, and a $6.5 million retention in various layers throughout the umbrella.

20

Table of contents

Buying and reselling fresh produce exposes us to possible product liability.
 Agricultural chemicals used on fresh produce are subject to various approvals, and the commodities themselves are subject to regulations on cleanliness and contamination. Product recalls in the produce industry have been caused by concern about particular chemicals and alleged contamination, often leading to lawsuits brought by consumers of allegedly affected produce. We may face claims for a variety of damages arising from the sale of produce, which may include potentially uninsured consequential damages. While we are insured for up to $125 million for product liability claims subject to a $500,000 per incident deductible, settlement of class action claims is often costly, and we cannot guarantee our coverage will be adequate or that it will continue to be available. If we have to recall produce, we may be required to bear the cost of repurchasing, transporting, and destroying any allegedly contaminated product, as well as associated consequential damages. We carry product recall and contamination insurance coverage of $30 million. A loss for which we are not adequately insured could materially affect our financial results. The coverage we currently have in place may not apply to a particular loss, or it may not be sufficient to cover all liabilities to which we may be subject. This policy has a retention of $3.5 million per incident. Any recall or allegation of contamination could affect our reputation, particularly of our proprietary and/or licensed branded produce programs, which could materially and adversely affect our operating results. Loss due to spoilage (including the need for disposal) is also a routine part of the sourcing business.

Any material litigation related to the above types of claims or claims arising from our transportation operations may require significant time from management and could cause us to incur substantial legal and related costs, which may include damages that could have a material adverse impact on our financial results.

Our business depends upon compliance with numerous government regulations. 
Our operations may be regulated and licensed by various federal, state, and local transportation agencies in the U.S. and similar governmental agencies in foreign countries in which we operate. 

We are subject to licensing and regulation as a property freight broker and are licensed by the DOT to arrange for the transportation of property by motor vehicle. The DOT prescribes qualifications for acting in this capacity, including certain surety bonding requirements. For purposes of our Global Forwarding services, we are also subject to regulation by the FMC as an ocean freight forwarder and NVOCC, and we maintain separate bonds and licenses for each. We operate as a Department of Homeland Security certified IAC, providing air freight services, subject to commercial standards set forth by the IATA and federal regulations issued by the TSA. We provide customs brokerage services as a customs broker under a license issued by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (“CBP”), and we maintain Customs Trade Partnership Against Terrorism certification with CBP. Some customs entries fall within the jurisdiction of other authoritative governmental agencies (e.g., Food and Drug Administration, Fish and Wildlife Service, etc.). We also have and maintain other licenses as required by law.

We source fresh produce under a license issued by the USDA as required by PACA. We are also subject to various regulations and requirements promulgated by other international, domestic, state, and local agencies and port authorities. Our failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to entities holding these licenses could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.

Legislative or regulatory changes can affect the economics of the transportation industry by requiring changes in operating practices or influencing the demand for, and the cost of providing, transportation services. As part of our logistics services, we operate owned or leased warehouse facilities. Our operations at these facilities include both warehousing and distribution services, and we are subject to various federal, state, and international environmental, work safety, and hazardous materials regulations. We may experience an increase in operating costs, such as security costs, as a result of governmental regulations that have been or will be adopted in response to terrorist activities and potential terrorist activities. No assurances can be given that we will be able to pass these increased costs on to our customers in the form of rate increases or surcharges, and our operations and profitability may be materially and adversely affected as a result. 

Department of Homeland Security regulations applicable to our customers that import goods into the U.S. and our contracted ocean carriers can impact our ability to provide and/or receive services with and from these parties. Enforcement measures related to violations of these regulations can slow and/or prevent the delivery of shipments, which may negatively impact our operations.

We cannot predict the impact that future regulations may have on our business. Our failure to maintain required permits or licenses, or to comply with applicable regulations, could result in substantial fines or revocation of our operating permits and licenses.

21

Table of contents

Our contracted transportation providers are subject to increasingly stringent laws protecting the environment, including transitional risks relating to climate change, which could directly or indirectly have a material adverse effect on our business. 
Future and existing environmental regulatory requirements, including evolving transportation technology, in the U.S. and abroad could adversely affect operations and increase operating expenses, which in turn could increase our purchased transportation costs. We may also incur expenses as a result of regulators requiring additional climate-related disclosures regarding our contracted transportation providers that may be labor-intensive to report on. Until the timing, scope, and extent of such possible regulation becomes known, we cannot predict its effect on our company, but if we are unable to pass such costs along to our customers, our business could be materially and adversely affected. Even without any new legislation or regulation, increased public concern regarding greenhouse gas emissions by transportation carriers could harm the reputations of companies operating in the transportation and logistics industries and shift consumer demand toward more locally sourced products and away from our services. 

General risk factors

We may be subject to negative impacts of changes in political and governmental conditions.
 Our operations may be subject to the influences of significant political, governmental, and similar changes and our ability to respond to them, including:

•
changes in political conditions and in governmental policies;

•
changes in and compliance with international and domestic laws and regulations; and

•
wars, civil unrest, acts of terrorism, and other conflicts such as the current conflict in the Red Sea, which is impacting the global freight market.

We may be subject to negative impacts of catastrophic events.
 A disruption or failure of our systems or operations in the event of a major earthquake, weather event, cyber-attack, heightened security measures, actual or threatened terrorist attack, strike, civil unrest, pandemic, or other catastrophic event could cause delays in providing services or performing other critical functions. We are particularly vulnerable to these risks given the broad and global scope of our operations. A catastrophic event that results in the destruction or disruption of any of our critical business or information systems could harm our ability to conduct normal business operations and adversely impact our operating results.