As a large company operating in a complex industry, CIGNA encounters a variety of risks and
uncertainties including those identified in this Risk Factor discussion and elsewhere in this
report. CIGNA devotes resources to developing enterprise-wide risk management processes, in
addition to the risk management processes within its businesses. These factors represent risks and
uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on CIGNA’s business, liquidity, results of
operations or financial condition. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones CIGNA
faces. Other risks and uncertainties that CIGNA does not know about now, or that the Company does
not now think are significant and does not appropriately identify and manage, may impair its
business or the trading price of its securities. The following are significant risks identified by
CIGNA.

Future performance of CIGNA’s business will depend on the Company’s ability to execute on its
strategic and operational initiatives effectively.

The future performance of CIGNA’s business will depend in large part on CIGNA’s ability to execute
effectively and implement its growth strategy. These strategic and operational initiatives include
(1) growth in targeted geographies, product lines, buying segments and distribution channels; (2)
improving its strategic and financial flexibility; and (3) pursuing additional opportunities in
high-growth markets with particular focus on individuals.

Successful execution of these strategic and operational initiatives depends on a number of factors
including:

 •

differentiating CIGNA’s products and services from those of its competitors by leveraging
its health advocacy capabilities and other strengths in targeted markets, geographies and
buyer segments;

 •

developing and introducing new products or programs, because of the inherent risks and
uncertainties associated with product development, particularly in response to government
regulation or the increased focus on consumer directed products;

 •

identifying and introducing the proper mix or integration of products that will be accepted
by the marketplace;

 •

attracting and retaining sufficient numbers of qualified employees;

 •

effectively managing balance sheet exposures;

 •

improving medical cost competitiveness in targeted markets;
and

 •

further reducing CIGNA HealthCare’s operating expenses.

If these initiatives fail or are not executed effectively, it could harm the Company’s consolidated
financial position and results of operations. For example, if not managed effectively, the plan to
reduce operating expenses could cut necessary resources and the Company’s talent pool and,
consequently, could have long-term effects on the business by decreasing or slowing improvements in
its products and limiting its ability to retain or hire key personnel.

If CIGNA does not adequately invest in and effectively execute on improvements in its information
technology infrastructure and improve its functionality, it will not be able to deliver the
services required in the evolving marketplace at a competitive cost.

CIGNA’s success in executing on its consumer engagement strategy depends on the Company’s continued
improvements to its information technology infrastructure and customer service offerings. The
marketplace is evolving and the level of service that is acceptable to customers today will not
necessarily be acceptable tomorrow. The Company must continue to invest in long-term solutions
that will enable it to meet customer expectations. CIGNA’s success is dependent, in large part, on
maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and continuing to deliver and enhance
technology systems that support the Company’s business processes in a cost-efficient and
resource-efficient manner. CIGNA also must develop new systems to meet the current market standard
and keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and
regulatory standards and customer needs. System development projects are long term in nature, may
be more costly than expected to complete and may not deliver the expected benefits upon completion.

35

Table of Contents

CIGNA’s business depends on its ability to properly maintain the integrity or security of its data
or to strategically implement new information systems.

CIGNA’s business depends on effective information systems and the integrity and timeliness of the
data it uses to run its business. CIGNA’s business strategy requires providing members and
providers with Internet-enabled products and information to meet their needs. CIGNA’s ability to
adequately price its products and services, establish reserves, provide effective and efficient
service to its customers, and to timely and accurately report its financial results also depends
significantly on the integrity of the data in its information systems. If the information CIGNA
relies upon to run its businesses were found to be inaccurate or unreliable due to fraud or other
error, or if CIGNA were to fail to maintain effectively its information systems and data integrity,
the Company could have problems with, among other things: operational disruptions, which may
impact customers, physicians and other health care providers; determining medical cost estimates
and establishing appropriate pricing; retaining and attracting customers; and regulatory
compliance.

If CIGNA were unable to maintain the security of any sensitive data residing on the Company’s
systems, whether due to its own actions or those of any vendors, CIGNA’s reputation would be
adversely affected and the Company could be exposed to litigation or other actions, fines or
penalties.

If CIGNA fails to manage successfully its outsourcing projects and key vendors, CIGNA’s business
could be disrupted
.

CIGNA takes steps to monitor and regulate the performance of independent third parties who provide
services or to whom the Company delegates selected functions. These third parties include
information technology system providers, independent practice associations, call center and claim
service providers and specialty service providers.

Arrangements with key vendors may make CIGNA’s operations vulnerable if third parties fail to
satisfy their obligations to the Company, including their obligations to maintain and protect the
security and confidentiality of the Company’s information and data, as a result of their
performance, changes in their own operations, financial condition, or other matters outside of
CIGNA’s control. In addition, to the extent CIGNA outsources selected services or selected
functions to third parties in foreign jurisdictions, the Company could be exposed to risks inherent
in conducting business outside of the United States, including international economic and political
conditions, additional costs associated with complying with foreign laws and fluctuations in
currency values. Further, CIGNA may not fully realize on a timely basis the anticipated economic
and other benefits of the outsourcing projects or other relationships it enters into with key
vendors, which could result in substantial costs or other operational or financial problems for the
Company. Terminating or transitioning arrangements with key vendors could result in additional
costs and a risk of operational delays, potential errors and possible control issues as a result of
the termination or during the transition phase.

In 2006, CIGNA entered into an agreement with IBM pursuant to which IBM operates certain software
applications and significant portions of CIGNA’s information technology infrastructure, including
the provision of services relating to its call center application, enterprise content management,
risk-based capital analytical infrastructure and voice and data communications network. The 2006
contract with IBM includes several service level agreements, or SLAs, related to issues such as
performance and job disruption with significant financial penalties if these SLAs are not met.
However, the Company may not be adequately indemnified against all possible losses through the
terms and conditions of the agreement and the fees paid could be a subject of dispute between the
parties. In addition, some of CIGNA’s termination rights are contingent upon payment of a fee,
which may be significant. If CIGNA’s relationship with IBM is abruptly terminated, the Company’s
customers may experience disruption of service.

36

Table of Contents

Sustained or significant deterioration in economic conditions could significantly impact the
Company’s customers.

The Company is exposed to risks associated with the potential financial instability of its
customers, many of which could be adversely affected by volatile conditions in the financial
markets. Customers could experience cash flow problems and other financial difficulties in times
of a sustained or significant deterioration in the economy. As a result, they may modify, delay or
cancel plans to purchase the Company’s products, may make changes in the mix of products purchased
that are unfavorable to the Company, or may be forced to reduce their workforces. Specifically,
higher unemployment rates as a result of a prolonged economic downturn has lead and may continue to
lead to lower enrollment in the Company’s employer group plans, lower enrollment in our
non-employer individual plans and a higher number of employees opting out of CIGNA’s employer group
plans. The adverse economic conditions could also cause employers to stop offering certain health
care coverage as an employee benefit or elect to offer this coverage on a voluntary,
employee-funded basis as a means to reduce their operating costs. In addition, the economic
downturn could negatively impact the Company’s employer group renewal prospects and our ability to
increase premiums and could result in cancellation of products and services by customers. This
could also result in increased unemployment and an increase in the number of claims submitted. All
of these developments could lead to a decrease in CIGNA’s membership levels and premium and fee
revenues. Further, if customers are not successful in generating sufficient revenue or are
precluded from securing financing, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts
receivable that are owed to the Company.

A downgrade in the financial strength ratings of CIGNA’s insurance subsidiaries could adversely
affect new sales and retention of current business, and a downgrade in CIGNA’s debt ratings would
increase the cost of borrowed funds and affect ability to access capital.

Financial strength, claims paying ability and debt ratings by recognized rating organizations are
an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies and health
benefits companies. Ratings information by nationally recognized ratings agencies is broadly
disseminated and generally used throughout the industry. CIGNA believes the claims paying ability
and financial strength ratings of its principal insurance subsidiaries are an important factor in
marketing its products to certain of CIGNA’s customers. In addition, CIGNA Corporation’s debt
ratings impact both the cost and availability of future borrowings, and accordingly, its cost of
capital. Each of the rating agencies reviews CIGNA’s ratings periodically and there can be no
assurance that current ratings will be maintained in the future. In addition, a downgrade of these
ratings could make it more difficult to raise capital and to support business growth at CIGNA’s
insurance subsidiaries.

A description of CIGNA Corporation ratings, other subsidiary ratings, as well as more information
on these ratings, is included in “Ratings” in Section K beginning on page 32 of this Form 10-K.

Unfavorable claims experience related to workers’ compensation and personal accident insurance
exposures in CIGNA’s Run-off Reinsurance business could result in losses
.

Unfavorable claims experience related to workers’ compensation and personal accident insurance
exposures in CIGNA’s Run-off

Reinsurance business is possible and could result in future losses. Further, CIGNA could have
losses attributable to its inability to recover amounts from retrocessionaires or ceding companies
either due to disputes with the retrocessionaires or ceding companies or their financial condition.
If CIGNA’s reserves for amounts recoverable from retrocessionaires or ceding companies, as well as
reserves associated with underlying reinsurance exposures are insufficient, it could result in
losses.

37

Table of Contents

CIGNA’s equity hedge program for its guaranteed minimum death benefits contracts could fail to
reduce the risk of stock market declines.

As part of its Run-off Reinsurance business, CIGNA reinsured a guaranteed minimum death benefit
under certain variable annuities issued by other insurance companies. CIGNA maintains a hedge
program to reduce equity market risks related to these contracts by selling domestic and
foreign-denominated exchange-traded futures contracts. The purpose of this program is to reduce
the adverse effects of potential future domestic and international stock market declines on CIGNA’s
liabilities for these contracts. Under the program, increases in liabilities under the annuity
contracts from a declining equity market are offset by gains on the futures contracts. However,
the program will not perfectly offset the change in the liability in part because the market does
not offer futures contracts that exactly match the diverse mix of equity fund investments held by
contractholders. The impact of this mismatch may be higher in periods of significant volatility and
may result in higher losses to the Company. In addition, the number of futures contracts used in
the program is adjusted only when certain tolerances are exceeded and in periods of highly volatile
equity markets when actual volatility exceeds the expected volatility assumed in the liability
calculation, losses will result. Further, CIGNA could have difficulty in entering into appropriate
futures contracts. See “Run-off Reinsurance” in Section G beginning on page 20 of this Form 10-K
for more information on the program.

Actual experience could differ significantly from CIGNA’s assumptions used in estimating CIGNA’s
liabilities for reinsurance contracts covering guaranteed minimum death benefits or minimum income
benefits.

CIGNA estimates reserves for guaranteed minimum death benefit and minimum income benefit exposures
based on assumptions regarding lapse, partial surrender, mortality, interest rates, volatility,
reinsurance recoverables, and, for minimum income benefit exposures, annuity income election rates.
These estimates are currently based on CIGNA’s experience and future expectations. CIGNA monitors
actual experience to update these reserve estimates as necessary. CIGNA regularly evaluates the
assumptions used in establishing reserves and changes its estimates if actual experience or other
evidence suggests that earlier assumptions should be revised. In addition, the Company could have
losses attributable to its inability to recover amounts from retrocessionaires. See Notes 7 and 11
to CIGNA’s Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on pages 117 and 132, respectively of this
Form 10-K, for more information on assumptions used for the Company’s guaranteed minimum death
benefit and minimum income benefit exposures.

Significant stock market declines could result in larger net liabilities for guaranteed minimum
death benefit contracts or for guaranteed minimum income benefit contracts, the recognition of
additional pension obligations and increased funding for those obligations, and increased pension
plan expenses.

The Company calculates a provision for expected future partial surrenders as part of the liability
for guaranteed minimum death benefit contracts. As equity markets decline, the amount of
guaranteed death benefit exposure increases and the equity hedge program is designed to offset the
corresponding change in the liability. If a contractholder withdraws substantially all of its
mutual fund investments, the liability increases reflecting the lower assumed future premiums, the
lower likelihood of lapsation, and the lower likelihood of account
values recovering sufficiently to
reduce death benefit exposure in future periods. These effects are not covered by the Company’s
equity hedge program. Thus if equity markets decline, the provision for expected future partial
surrenders increases and there is no corresponding offset from the hedge program. As equity
markets decline, the claim amounts that the Company expects to pay out for the guaranteed minimum
income benefit business increases resulting in increased net liabilities and related losses.

CIGNA currently has unfunded obligations in its frozen pension plan. A significant decline in the
value of the plan’s equity and fixed income investments or unfavorable changes in applicable laws
or regulations could materially change the timing and amount of required plan funding, which could
increase CIGNA’s expenses and reduce the cash available to CIGNA, including its subsidiaries. See
Note 10 to CIGNA’s Consolidated Financial Statements beginning
on page 126 of this Form 10-K for
more information on the Company’s obligations under the pension plan.

38

Table of Contents

Significant changes in market interest rates affect the value of CIGNA’s financial instruments that
promise a fixed return or benefit and the value of particular assets and liabilities.

As an insurer, CIGNA has substantial investment assets that support insurance and contractholder
deposit liabilities. Generally low levels of interest rates on investments, such as those
experienced in United States financial markets during recent years, have negatively impacted the
level of investment income earned by the Company in recent periods, and such lower levels of
investment income would continue if these lower interest rates were to continue.

Substantially all of the Company’s investment assets are in fixed interest-yielding debt securities
of varying maturities, fixed redeemable preferred securities and commercial mortgage loans. The
value of these investment assets can fluctuate significantly with changes in market conditions. A
rise in interest rates could reduce the value of the Company’s investment portfolio and increase
interest expense if CIGNA were to access its available lines of credit.

The Company is also exposed to interest rate and equity risk based upon the discount rate and
expected long-term rate of return assumptions associated with the Company’s pension and other
post-retirement obligations. Sustained declines in interest rates could have an adverse impact on
the funded status of the Company’s pension plans and the Company’s re-investment yield on new
investments.

Changes in interest rates may also impact the discount rate and expected long-term rate of return
assumptions associated with the Company’s guaranteed minimum death benefit liabilities.
Significant, sustained declines in interest rates could cause the Company to reduce these long-term
assumptions, resulting in increased liabilities.

In addition, changes in interest rates impact the assumed market returns and the discount rate used
in the fair value calculations for the Company’s liabilities for guaranteed minimum income
benefits. Significant interest rate declines could significantly increase the Company’s
liabilities for these contracts.

As the 7-year Treasury rate (claim interest rate) declines, the claim amounts that the Company
expects to pay out for the guaranteed minimum income benefit business increases. For a subset of
the business, there is a contractually guaranteed floor of 3% for the claim interest rate.
Significant interest rate declines could significantly increase the Company’s net liabilities for
guaranteed minimum income benefit contracts because of increased exposures.

New accounting pronouncements or guidance could require CIGNA to change the way in which it
accounts for operations.

The Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and other
regulatory bodies may issue new accounting standards or pronouncements, or changes in the
interpretation of existing standards or pronouncements, from time to time, which could have a
significant effect on CIGNA’s reported results of operations and financial condition.

CIGNA faces risks related to litigation and regulatory investigations.

CIGNA is routinely involved in numerous claims, lawsuits, regulatory audits, investigations and
other legal matters arising in the ordinary course of the business of administering and insuring
employee benefit programs. Such legal matters include benefit claims, breach of contract actions,
tort claims, and disputes regarding reinsurance arrangements. In addition, CIGNA incurs and likely
will continue to incur liability for claims related to its health care business, such as failure to
pay for or provide health care, poor outcomes for care delivered or arranged, provider disputes,
including disputes over compensation, and claims related to self-funded business. Also, there are
currently, and may be in the future, attempts to bring class action lawsuits against the industry.

Court decisions and legislative activity may increase CIGNA’s exposure for any of these types of
claims. In some cases, substantial non-economic or punitive damages may be sought. CIGNA currently
has insurance coverage for some of these potential liabilities. Other potential liabilities may not
be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage or the amount of insurance may not be
sufficient to cover the entire damages awarded. In addition, certain types of damages, such as
punitive damages, may not be covered by insurance, and insurance coverage for all or certain forms
of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future. It is possible that
the resolution of one or more of the legal matters and claims described in this risk factor could
result in losses material to CIGNA’s consolidated results of operations, liquidity or financial
condition.

39

Table of Contents

A description of material legal actions and other legal matters in which CIGNA is currently
involved is included under “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3 beginning on page 44, Note 23 to CIGNA’s
Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page 163 of this Form 10-K and “Regulation” in
Section J beginning on page 28. The outcome of litigation and other legal matters is always
uncertain, and outcomes that are not justified by the evidence or existing law can occur. CIGNA
believes that it has valid defenses to the legal matters pending against it and is defending itself
vigorously.

CIGNA’s business is subject to substantial government regulation, which, along with new regulation,
could increase its costs of doing business and could adversely affect its profitability.

CIGNA’s business is regulated at the international, federal, state and local levels. The laws and
rules governing CIGNA’s business and interpretations of those laws and rules are subject to
frequent change. Broad latitude is given to the agencies administering those regulations. Existing
or future laws and rules could force CIGNA to change how it does business, restrict revenue and
enrollment growth, increase health care, technology and administrative costs including pension
costs and capital requirements, take other actions such as changing its reserve levels with respect
to certain reinsurance contracts, change business practices in disability payments and increase
CIGNA’s liability in federal and state courts for coverage determinations, contract interpretation
and other actions.

CIGNA must comply with the various regulations applicable to its business. In addition, CIGNA must
obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market many of its products, to increase prices for
certain regulated products and to consummate some of its acquisitions and divestitures. Delays in
obtaining or failure to obtain or maintain these approvals could reduce the Company’s revenue or
increase its costs.

For further information on regulatory matters relating to CIGNA, see “Regulation” in Section J
beginning on page 28 and “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3 beginning on page 44 of this Form 10-K.

CIGNA operates a pharmacy benefit management business, primary care clinics and a staff model HMO,
which are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, in addition to those CIGNA faces with its
health care business.

CIGNA’s pharmacy benefit management business is subject to federal and state regulation, including
federal and state anti-remuneration laws, ERISA, HIPAA and laws related to the operation of
Internet and mail-service pharmacies.

The Company’s pharmacy benefit management business would also be adversely affected by an inability
to contract on favorable terms with pharmaceutical manufacturers and could suffer claims and
reputational harm in connection with purported errors by CIGNA’s mail order or retail pharmacy
businesses. Disruptions at any of the Company’s pharmacy business facilities due to failure of
technology or any other failure or disruption to these systems or to the infrastructure due to
fire, electrical outage, natural disaster, acts of terrorism or some other catastrophic event could
reduce CIGNA’s ability to process and dispense prescriptions and provide products and services to
customers.

The Company employs physicians, nurse practitioners, nurses and other health care professionals at
onsite low acuity and primary care clinics it operates for the Company’s customers (as well as
certain clinics for Company employees). The Company also owns and operates medical facilities in
the Phoenix, Arizona metropolitan area, including multispecialty health care centers, outpatient
surgery and urgent care centers, low acuity clinics, laboratory, pharmacy and other operations that
employ primary care as well as specialty care physicians and other types of health care
professionals. As a direct employer of health care professionals and as an operator of primary and
low-acuity care clinics and other types of medical facilities, the Company is subject to liability
for negligent acts, omissions, or injuries occurring at one of its clinics or caused by one of its
employees. Even if any claims brought against the Company were unsuccessful or without merit, it
would have to defend against such claims. The defense of any such actions may be time-consuming and
costly, and may distract management’s attention. As a result, CIGNA may incur significant expenses
and the Company’s financial results could be adversely affected.

40

Table of Contents

CIGNA faces competitive pressure, particularly price competition, which could result in premiums
which are insufficient to cover the cost of the healthcare services delivered to its members and
inadequate medical claims reserves.

While health plans compete on the basis of many factors, including service quality of clinical
resources, claims administration services and medical management programs, and quality and
sufficiency of provider networks, CIGNA expects that price will continue to be a significant basis
of competition. CIGNA’s customer contracts are subject to negotiation as customers seek to contain
their costs, and customers may elect to reduce benefits in order to constrain increases in their
benefit costs. Such an election may result in lower premiums for the Company’s products, although
it may also reduce CIGNA’s costs. Alternatively, the Company’s customers may purchase different
types of products that are less profitable, or move to a competitor to obtain more favorable
premiums.

In addition, significant merger and acquisition activity has occurred in the health care industry
giving rise to speculation and uncertainty regarding the status of companies, which potentially can
affect marketing efforts and public perception. Consolidation may make it more difficult for the
Company to retain or increase customers, to improve the terms on which CIGNA does business with its
suppliers, or to maintain its competitive position or increase profitability. Factors such as
business consolidations, strategic alliances, legislative reform and marketing practices create
pressure to contain premium price increases, despite increasing medical costs. For example, the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act gives banks and other financial institutions the ability to affiliate with
insurance companies, which may lead to new competitors with significant financial resources in the
insurance and health benefits fields.

If CIGNA does not compete effectively in its markets, if CIGNA sets rates too high in highly
competitive markets to keep or increase its market share, if membership does not increase as it
expects, or if it declines, or if CIGNA loses accounts with favorable medical cost experience while
retaining or increasing membership in accounts with unfavorable medical cost experience, CIGNA’s
product margins and growth could be adversely affected.

CIGNA’s profitability depends, in part, on its ability to accurately predict and control future
health care costs through underwriting criteria, provider contracting, utilization management and
product design. Premiums in the health care business are generally fixed for one-year periods.
Accordingly, future cost increases in excess of medical cost projections reflected in pricing
cannot generally be recovered in the current contract year through higher premiums. Although CIGNA
bases the premiums it charges on its estimate of future health care costs over the fixed premium
period, actual costs may exceed what was estimated and reflected in premiums. Factors that may
cause actual costs to exceed premiums include: medical cost inflation; higher than expected
utilization of medical services; the introduction of new or costly treatments and technology; and
membership mix.

CIGNA records medical claims reserves for estimated future payments. The Company continually
reviews estimates of future payments relating to medical claims costs for services incurred in the
current and prior periods and makes necessary adjustments to its reserves. However, actual health
care costs may exceed what was estimated.

Public perception of CIGNA’s products and practices as well as of the health benefits industry, if
negative, could reduce enrollment in CIGNA’s health benefits programs.

The health care industry in general, and CIGNA specifically, are subject to negative publicity,
which can arise either from perceptions regarding the industry or CIGNA’s business practices or
products. This risk may be increased as CIGNA offers new products, such as products with limited
benefits or an integrated line of products targeted at market segments beyond those in which CIGNA
traditionally has operated. Negative publicity may adversely affect the CIGNA brand and its
ability to market its products and services, which could reduce the number of enrollees in CIGNA’s
health benefits programs.

Large-scale public health epidemics, bio-terrorist activity, natural disasters or other extreme
events could cause CIGNA’s covered medical and disability expenses, pharmacy costs and mortality
experience to rise significantly, and in severe circumstances, could cause operational disruption.

If widespread public health epidemics such as an influenza pandemic, bio-terrorist or other attack,
or catastrophic natural disaster were to occur, CIGNA’s covered medical and disability expenses,
pharmacy costs and mortality experience could rise significantly, depending on the government’s
actions and the responsiveness of public health agencies and insurers. In addition, depending on
the severity of the situation, a widespread outbreak could curtail economic activity in general,
and CIGNA’s operations in particular, which could result in operational and financial disruption to
CIGNA. Such disruption could, among other things, impact the timeliness of claims and revenue.

41

Table of Contents

CIGNA’s business depends on the uninterrupted operation of its systems and business functions,
including information technology and other business systems.

CIGNA’s business is highly dependent upon its ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted
fashion, its necessary business functions, such as: claims processing and payment; internet
support and customer call centers; and the processing of new and renewal business. A power outage,
pandemic, or failure of one or more of information technology, telecommunications or other systems
could cause slower system response times resulting in claims not being processed as quickly as
clients desire, decreased levels of client service and client satisfaction, and harm to CIGNA’s
reputation. In addition, because CIGNA’s information technology and telecommunications systems
interface with and depend on third-party systems, CIGNA could experience service denials if demand
for such service exceeds capacity or a third-party system fails or experiences an interruption. If
sustained or repeated, such a business interruption, systems failure or service denial could result
in a deterioration of CIGNA’s ability to pay claims in a timely manner, provide customer service,
write and process new and renewal business, or perform other necessary corporate functions. This
could result in a materially adverse effect on CIGNA’s business results and liquidity.

A security breach of CIGNA’s computer systems could also interrupt or damage CIGNA’s operations or
harm CIGNA’s reputation. In addition, CIGNA could be subject to liability if sensitive customer
information is misappropriated from CIGNA’s computer systems. These systems may be vulnerable to
physical break-ins, computer viruses, programming errors, attacks by third parties or similar
disruptive problems. Any publicized compromise of security could result in a loss of customers or
a reduction in the growth of customers, increased operating expenses, financial losses, additional
litigation or other claims, which could have a material adverse effect on CIGNA’s business.

CIGNA is focused on further developing its business continuity program to address the continuation
of core business operations. While CIGNA continues to test and assess its business continuity
program to satisfy the needs of CIGNA’s core business operations and addresses multiple business
interruption events, there is no assurance that core business operations could be performed upon
the occurrence of such an event.

Global market, economic and geopolitical conditions may cause fluctuations in equity market prices,
interest rates and credit spreads which could impact the Company’s ability to raise or deploy
capital as well as affect the Company’s overall liquidity.

If the capital markets and credit market experience extreme volatility and disruption, there could
be downward pressure on stock prices and credit capacity for certain issuers without regard to
those issuers’ underlying financial strength. Extreme disruption in the credit markets could
adversely impact the Company’s availability and cost of credit in the future. In addition,
unpredictable or unstable market conditions could result in reduced opportunities to find suitable
opportunities to raise capital.

CIGNA is subject to potential changes in the political environment, which could adversely
affect the markets for its products.

Policy changes on the local, state and federal level, such as the expansion of the government’s
role in the health care arena and alternative assessments and tax increases specific to the health
care insurance industry or health care insurance products as part of federal health care reform
initiatives, could fundamentally change the dynamics of CIGNA’s industry.

CIGNA faces risks in successfully managing the integration of Great-West Healthcare (or any other
acquisition).

CIGNA acquired Great-West Healthcare with the expectation that the acquisition will result in
various benefits, including, among others, a broader distribution and provider network in certain
geographic areas, an expanded range of health benefits and products, cost savings, increased
profitability of the acquired business by improving its total medical cost position, and
achievement of operating efficiencies. Achieving the anticipated benefits of the acquisition is
subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether CIGNA integrates Great-West Healthcare in
an efficient and effective manner, and general competitive factors in the marketplace. Failure to
achieve these anticipated benefits could limit CIGNA’s ability to grow membership, particularly in
the “Select” market, result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues and
diversion of management’s time and energy.

CIGNA faces intense competition to attract and retain key people.

CIGNA would be adversely impacted if it failed to attract additional key people and retain current
key people, as this could result in the inability to effectively execute the Company’s key
initiatives and business strategy.

42

Table of Contents

CIGNA would be adversely affected if its prevention, detection or control systems fail to detect
and implement required changes to maintain regulatory compliance or prevent fraud.

Failure of CIGNA’s prevention, detection or control systems related to regulatory compliance and
compliance with CIGNA’s internal policies, including data systems security and unethical conduct by
managers and employees, could adversely affect CIGNA’s reputation and also expose it to litigation
and other proceedings, fines and penalties. Federal and state governments have made investigating
and prosecuting health care and other insurance fraud and abuse a priority. Fraud and abuse
prohibitions encompass a wide range of activities, including kickbacks for referral of members,
billing for unnecessary medical services, improper marketing, and violations of patient privacy
rights. The regulations and contractual requirements applicable to us and other participants are
complex and subject to change. Although the Company believes its compliance efforts are adequate,
ongoing vigorous law enforcement and the highly technical regulatory scheme mean that its
compliance efforts in this area will continue to require significant resources.

In addition, provider or member fraud that is not prevented or detected could impact CIGNA’s
medical costs or those of its self-insured customers. Further, during an economic downturn,
CIGNA’s segments, including HealthCare, Disability and Life and International, may see increased
fraudulent claims volume which may lead to additional cost because of an increase in disputed
claims and litigation.

The Company’s international operations face political, legal, operational, regulatory, economic and
other risks that present unique challenges and could negatively affect those operations or our
long-term growth.

The Company’s international operations face political, legal, operational, regulatory,
economic and other risks, including government intervention and censorship that the Company does
not face in its domestic operations. CIGNA International faces the risk of discriminatory
regulation, nationalization or expropriation of assets, price controls or other pricing issues and
exchange controls or other restrictions that prevent it from transferring funds from these
operations out of the countries in which it operates or converting local currencies that CIGNA
International holds into U.S. dollars or other currencies. Additionally, foreign currency exchange
rates and fluctuations may have an impact on the future costs or on future sales and cash flows
from the Company’s international operations, and any measures that it may implement to reduce the
effect of volatile currencies and other risks of its international operations may not be effective.
Some of CIGNA’s foreign insurance operations are, and are likely to continue to be, in emerging
markets where these risks are heightened. In addition, CIGNA International relies on local sales
forces for some of its operations in these countries and may encounter labor problems and less
flexible employee relationships which can be difficult and expensive to terminate. In some
countries, CIGNA International voluntarily operates or is required to operate with local business
partners with the resulting risk of managing partner relationships to the business objectives.

The Company is currently planning to expand its international operations in markets where it
currently operates and in targeted new markets. This may require
considerable management time before any significant revenues and
earnings are generated.

International operations also require the Company to devote significant management resources
to implement its controls and systems in new markets, to comply with the U.S. anti-bribery and
anti-corruption as well as anti-money laundering provisions and similar laws in local jurisdictions
and to overcome logistical and other challenges based on differing languages, cultures and time
zones.

43

Table of Contents