CIGNA’s
 businesses face risks and
 uncertainties, including those discussed below and elsewhere in this report.
 These factors represent risks and uncertainties that could have a material
 adverse effect on CIGNA’s business, results of operations and financial
 condition. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones CIGNA faces.
 Others that CIGNA does not know about now, or that the Company does not now
 think are significant, may impair its business or the trading price of its
 securities. The following are significant risks identified by CIGNA.

If
 CIGNA does not execute on its strategic initiatives, there could be a material
 adverse effect on CIGNA’s results of operations and in certain situations,
 CIGNA's financial condition

.

The
 future performance of CIGNA’s business will depend in large part on CIGNA’s
 ability to execute effectively and implement its strategic initiatives. These
 initiatives include: executing CIGNA's consumerism strategy, including designing
 products to meet emerging market trends and ensuring that an appropriate
 infrastructure is in place to meet the needs of customers and members;
 continuing to reduce medical costs; growing its individual and small business
 market and emerging market and further penetration of the specialty markets;
 and
 further improving the efficiency of operations, including lowering operating
 costs and enabling higher value services. 

Successful
 execution of these initiatives depends on a number of factors including:

 ·  

 the
 ability to gain and retain customers and members by providing appropriate
 levels of support and service for CIGNA’s products, as well as avoiding
 service and health advocacy related
 errors;

 ·  

 the
 ability to attract and retain sufficient numbers of qualified employees;

 ·  

 the
 negotiation of favorable provider
 contracts;

 ·  

 CIGNA's
 ability to develop and introduce new products or programs, because
 of the
 inherent risks and uncertainties associated with product development,
 particularly in response to government regulation or the increased
 focus
 on consumer directed products;

 ·  

 the
 identification and introduction of the proper mix or integration
 of
 products that will be accepted by the marketplace; and

 ·  

 the
 ability of CIGNA’s products and services to differentiate CIGNA from its
 competitors and for CIGNA to demonstrate that these products and
 services
 (such as disease management and health advocacy programs, provider
 credentialing and other quality care initiatives) result in improved
 health outcomes and reduced costs.

Further,
 CIGNA’s success will depend upon its ability to develop new systems and enhance
 the performance of its existing procedures and processes to adequately support
 CIGNA's operations, strategies and business objectives. 

If
 CIGNA fails to properly maintain the integrity or security of its data or to
 strategically implement new information systems, there could be a material
 adverse effect on CIGNA’s business.

CIGNA’s
 business depends on effective information systems and the integrity and
 timeliness of the data it uses to run its business. CIGNA’s business strategy
 requires providing members and providers with internet or e-business related
 products and information to meet their needs. CIGNA’s ability to adequately
 price its products and services, establish reserves, provide effective and
 efficient service to its customers, and to timely and accurately report its
 financial results also depends significantly on the integrity of the data in
 its
 information systems. If the information CIGNA relies upon to run its businesses
 were found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if CIGNA were to fail to maintain
 effectively its information systems and data integrity, the Company could have
 problems with, among other things: operational disruptions; determining medical
 cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing; customers, physicians
 and
 other health care providers; regulators; increases in operating expenses; and
 retention and attraction of customers. 

If
 CIGNA
 were unable to maintain the security of any sensitive data residing on the
 Company’s systems whether due to our own actions or those of any vendors, our
 reputation would be adversely affected and we could be exposed to litigation
 or
 other actions, fines or penalties, any of which could adversely affect our
 business or financial condition. 

CIGNA
 requires an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect
 and
 enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing
 changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and regulatory
 standards, and changing customer preferences. There can be no assurance that
 CIGNA’s process of improving existing systems, developing new systems to support
 its operations, integrating new systems and improving service levels will not
 be
 delayed or that additional systems issues will not arise in the future.

 31

If
 premiums are insufficient to cover the cost of health care services delivered
 to
 members, or if CIGNA’s estimates of medical claim reserves for its guaranteed
 cost and experience-rated businesses based upon estimates of future medical
 claims are inadequate, profitability could decline. 

CIGNA’s
 profitability depends, in part, on its ability to accurately predict and control
 future health care costs through underwriting criteria, provider contracting,
 utilization management and product design. Premiums in the health benefits
 business are generally fixed for one-year periods. Accordingly, future cost
 increases in excess of medical cost projections reflected in pricing cannot
 generally be recovered in the contract year through higher premiums. Although
 CIGNA bases the premiums it charges on its estimate of future health care costs
 over the fixed premium period, actual costs may exceed what was estimated and
 reflected in premiums. Factors that may cause actual costs to exceed premiums
 include: medical cost inflation; the introduction of new or costly treatments
 and technology; and membership mix. 

CIGNA
 records medical claims reserves for estimated future payments. The Company
 continually reviews estimates of future payments relating to medical claims
 costs for services incurred in the current and prior periods and makes necessary
 adjustments to its reserves. However, actual health care costs may exceed what
 was estimated. 

If
 CIGNA fails to manage successfully its outsourcing projects and key vendors,
 CIGNA’s financial results could be harmed

.

CIGNA
 takes steps to monitor and regulate the performance of independent third parties
 who provide services or to whom the Company delegates selected functions. These
 third parties include information technology system providers, independent
 practice associations and specialty service providers. 

For
 instance, in 2006, CIGNA entered into an agreement with IBM to operate
 significant portions of its information technology infrastructure, including
 the
 provision of services relating to its call center application, enterprise
 content management, risk-based capital analytical infrastructure and voice
 and
 data communications and network in addition to the software applications and
 human resource operations support IBM had previously provided pursuant to
 several smaller contracts. The 2006 contract with IBM includes several service
 level agreements, or SLAs, related to issues such as performance and job
 disruption with significant financial penalties if these

SLAs
 are
 not met. However, the Company may not be adequately indemnified against all
 possible losses through the terms and conditions of the agreement. In addition,
 some of CIGNA’s termination rights are contingent upon payment of a fee, which
 may be significant. If CIGNA's relationship with IBM is terminated, the Company
 may experience disruption of service to customers, which could affect CIGNA's
 business, financial condition, and results of operations. 

These
 arrangements with key vendors may make CIGNA’s operations vulnerable if those
 third parties fail to satisfy their obligations to the Company, due to CIGNA’s
 failure to adequately monitor and regulate their performance, changes in their
 own operations, financial condition, or other matters outside of CIGNA’s
 control. In recent years, certain third parties to whom CIGNA delegated selected
 functions, such as specialty services providers, have experienced legal and
 other difficulties, which may subject CIGNA to adverse publicity, increased
 costs, decline in quality of service and potential network disruptions, and
 in
 some cases cause the Company to incur increased claims expense. Certain
 legislative authorities have in recent periods discussed or proposed legislation
 that would restrict outsourcing and, if enacted, could materially increase
 CIGNA’s costs. Further, CIGNA may not fully realize on a timely basis the
 anticipated economic and other benefits of the outsourcing projects or other
 relationships it enters into with key vendors which could result in substantial
 costs or other operational or financial problems that could adversely impact
 the
 Company’s financial results.

A
 downgrade in the financial strength ratings of CIGNA’s insurance subsidiaries
 could adversely affect new sales and retention of current business, and a
 downgrade in CIGNA's debt ratings would increase the cost of borrowed funds.

Financial
 strength, claims paying ability and debt ratings by recognized rating
 organizations are an important factor in establishing the competitive position
 of insurance companies and health benefits companies. Ratings information by
 nationally recognized ratings agencies is broadly disseminated and generally
 used throughout the industry. CIGNA believes the claims paying ability and
 financial strength ratings of its principal insurance subsidiaries are an
 important factor in marketing its products to certain of CIGNA’s customers. In
 addition, CIGNA Corporation’s debt ratings impact both the cost and availability
 of future borrowings, and accordingly, its cost of capital. Each of the rating
 agencies reviews CIGNA’s ratings periodically and there can be no assurance that
 current ratings will be maintained in 

 32

the
 future. In addition, a downgrade of these ratings could make it more difficult
 to raise capital and to support business growth at CIGNA’s insurance
 subsidiaries. 

As
 of
 February 26, 2007, the insurance financial strength ratings for CG Life, the
 Company’s principal insurance subsidiary, were as follows:

 CG
 Life

 Insurance
 Ratings

(1)

 A.M.
 Best

 A

 (“Excellent,”

 3
rd

 of
 16)

 Moody’s

 A2

 (“Good,”

 6
th

 of
 21)

 S&P

 A-

 (“Strong,”

 7
th

 of
 21)

 Fitch

 A

 (“Strong,”

 6
th

 of
 24)

___________

(1)
 Includes the rating assigned, the agency’s
 characterization of the rating and the position of the rating in the agency’s
 rating scale (e.g., CG Life’s rating by A.M. Best is the 3rd highest awarded in
 its scale of 16). 

A
 description of CIGNA Corporation ratings, other subsidiary ratings, as well
 as
 more information on these ratings, is included in “Ratings” in Section K
 beginning on page 28.

Unfavorable
 claims experience related to workers’ compensation and personal accident
 insurance exposures in CIGNA’s Run-off Reinsurance business could result in
 losses

.

Unfavorable
 claims experience related to workers’ compensation and personal accident
 insurance exposures in CIGNA’s run-off reinsurance business is possible and
 could result in future losses. Further, CIGNA could have losses attributable
 to
 its inability to recover amounts from retrocessionaires or ceding companies
 either due to disputes with the retrocessionaires or ceding companies or their
 financial condition. If CIGNA’s reserves for amounts recoverable from
 retrocessionaires or ceding companies, as well as reserves associated with
 underlying reinsurance exposures are insufficient, it could result in
 losses.

If
 CIGNA’s program for its guaranteed minimum death benefits contracts fails to
 reduce the risk of stock market declines, it could have a material adverse
 effect on the Company’s financial condition.

As
 part
 of its run-off reinsurance business, CIGNA reinsured a guaranteed minimum death
 benefit under certain variable annuities issued by other insurance companies.
 CIGNA adopted a program to reduce equity market risks related to these contracts
 by selling domestic and foreign-denominated exchange-traded futures contracts
 and foreign currency forward contracts. The purpose of this program is to reduce
 the adverse effects of potential future domestic and international stock market
 declines on CIGNA’s liabilities for these contracts. Under the program,
 increases in liabilities under the annuity contracts from a declining market
 are
 offset by gains on the futures contracts. However, if CIGNA were to have
 difficulty in entering into appropriate futures or forward contracts, or stock
 market declines expose CIGNA to higher rates of 
partial
 surrender (which are not covered by the program), there could be a material
 adverse effect on the Company’s financial condition. See “Run-off Reinsurance”
in Section I on page 23 for more information
 on

 the
 program. 

If
 actual experience differs significantly from CIGNA’s assumptions used in
 estimating CIGNA’s liabilities for reinsurance contracts that guarantee minimum
 death benefits or minimum income benefits, it could have a material adverse
 effect on CIGNA’s consolidated results of operations, and in certain situations,
 could have a material adverse effect on CIGNA's financial condition.

CIGNA’s
 management estimates reserves for guaranteed minimum death benefit and minimum
 income benefit exposures are based on assumptions regarding lapse, partial
 surrender, mortality, interest rates, volatility, reinsurance recoverables,
 and,
 for minimum income benefit exposures, annuity income election rates. These
 estimates are based on CIGNA’s experience and future expectations. CIGNA
 monitors actual experience to update these reserve estimates as necessary.
 CIGNA
 regularly evaluates the assumptions used in establishing reserves and changes
 its estimates if actual experience or other evidence suggests that earlier
 assumptions should be revised. 

 33

Significant
 stock market declines could result in increased pension plan expenses and the
 recognition of additional pension obligations.

CIGNA
 has
 a pension plan that covers a large number of current employees and retirees.
 Unfavorable investment performance due to significant stock market declines
 or
 changes in estimates of benefit costs, if significant, could adversely affect
 CIGNA’s results of operations or financial condition by significantly increasing
 its pension plan expenses and obligations.

Significant
 changes in market interest rates affect the value of CIGNA's financial
 instruments that promise a fixed return and, as such, could have an adverse
 effect on CIGNA's results of operations.

As
 an
 insurer, CIGNA has substantial investment assets that support its policy
 liabilities. Generally low levels of interest rates on investments, such as
 those experienced in United States financial markets during recent years, have
 negatively impacted the level of investment income earned by the Company in
 recent periods, and such lower levels of investment income would continue if
 these lower interest rates were to continue. Substantially all of the Company’s
 investment assets are in fixed interest-yielding debt securities of varying
 maturities, fixed redeemable preferred securities, mortgage loans and real
 estate. The value of these securities can fluctuate significantly with changes
 in market conditions.

CIGNA
 faces risks related to litigation and regulatory
 investigations.

CIGNA
 is
 routinely involved in numerous claims, lawsuits, regulatory audits,
 investigations and other legal matters arising in the ordinary course of the
 business of administering and insuring employee benefit programs, including
 benefit claims, breach of contract actions, tort claims, and disputes regarding
 reinsurance arrangements. In addition, CIGNA incurs and likely will continue
 to
 incur liability for claims related to its health care business, such as failure
 to pay for or provide health care, poor outcomes for care delivered or arranged,
 provider disputes, including disputes over compensation, and claims related
 to
 self-funded business. Also, there are currently, and may be in the future,
 attempts to bring class action lawsuits against the industry. In addition,
 CIGNA
 is involved in pending and threatened litigation arising out of its run-off
 reinsurance and retirement operations.

Court
 decisions and legislative activity may increase CIGNA’s exposure for any of
 these types of claims. In some cases, substantial non-economic or punitive
 damages may be sought. CIGNA currently has insurance coverage for some of these
 potential liabilities. Other potential liabilities may not be covered by
 insurance, insurers may dispute coverage or the amount of insurance may not
 be
 enough to cover the damages awarded. In addition, certain types of damages,
 such
 as punitive damages, may not be covered by insurance, and insurance coverage
 for
 all or certain forms of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively
 expensive in the future. 

A
 description of material legal actions in which CIGNA is currently involved
 is
 included under “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3 on pages 37 and
 38, and Note 20 to CIGNA’s 2006 Financial Statements included in its 2006
 Annual Report. The outcome of litigation and other legal matters is always
 uncertain, and outcomes that are not justified by the evidence can occur. CIGNA
 believes that it has valid defenses to the legal matters pending against it
 and
 is defending itself vigorously. Nevertheless, it is possible that resolution
 of
 one or more legal matters could result in losses material to CIGNA’s
 consolidated results of operations, liquidity or financial
 condition.

CIGNA’s
 business is subject to substantial government regulation, which, along with
 new
 regulation, could increase its costs of doing business and could adversely
 affect its profitability.

CIGNA’s
 business is regulated at the international, federal, state and local levels.
 The
 laws and rules governing CIGNA’s business and interpretations of those laws and
 rules are subject to frequent change. Broad latitude is given to the agencies
 administering those regulations. Existing or future laws and rules could force
 CIGNA to change how it does business, restrict revenue and enrollment growth,
 increase health care, technology and administrative costs including pension
 costs and capital requirements, take other actions such as changing our reserve
 levels with respect to certain reinsurance contracts, and increase CIGNA’s
 liability in federal and state courts for coverage determinations, contract
 interpretation and other actions. 

CIGNA
 must comply with the various regulations applicable to its business. If CIGNA
 fails to comply, the Company’s business could be adversely affected. In
 addition, CIGNA must obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market many
 of
 its products, to increase prices for certain regulated products and to
 consummate some of its acquisitions and divestitures. Delays in obtaining or
 failure to obtain or maintain these approvals could reduce the Company’s revenue
 or increase its costs. 

 34

For
 further information on regulatory matters relating to CIGNA, see “Regulation” in
 Section J on page 25 and “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3
 on 
pages 37 and 38, as well as “Regulatory and Industry
 Developments” in the MD&A section of CIGNA’s 2006 Annual
 Report.

CIGNA
 faces competitive pressure, particularly price competition, which could reduce
 product margins and constrain growth in CIGNA’s health care businesses.

While
 health plans compete on the basis of many factors, including service quality
 of
 clinical resources, claims administration services and medical management
 programs, and quality and sufficiency of provider networks, CIGNA expects that
 price will continue to be a significant basis of competition. CIGNA’s customer
 contracts are subject to negotiation as customers seek to contain their costs,
 and customers may elect to reduce benefits in order to constrain increases
 in
 their benefit costs. Such an election may result in lower premiums for the
 Company’s products, although it may also reduce CIGNA’s costs. Alternatively,
 the Company’s customers may purchase different types of products from it that
 are less profitable, or move to a competitor to obtain more favorable premiums.

In
 addition, significant merger and acquisition activity has occurred in the health
 care industry giving rise to speculation and uncertainty regarding the status
 of
 companies, which potentially can affect marketing efforts and public perception.
 Consolidation may make it more difficult for the Company to retain or increase
 customers, to improve the terms on which CIGNA does business with its suppliers,
 or to maintain its position or increase profitability. Factors such as business
 consolidations, strategic alliances, legislative reform and marketing practices
 create pressure to contain premium price increases, despite increasing medical
 costs. For example, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act gives banks and other financial
 institutions the ability to affiliate with insurance companies, which may lead
 to new competitors with significant financial resources in the insurance and
 health benefits fields. If CIGNA does not compete effectively in its markets,
 if
 the Company sets rates too high in highly competitive markets to keep or
 increase its market share, if membership does not increase as it expects, or
 if
 it declines, or if CIGNA loses accounts with favorable medical cost experience
 while retaining or increasing membership in accounts with unfavorable medical
 cost experience, CIGNA’s product margins and growth could be adversely
 affected.

Public
 perception of CIGNA's products and practices as well as of the health benefits
 industry, if negative, could reduce enrollment in CIGNA’s health benefits
 programs.

The
 health benefits industry is subject to negative publicity, which can arise
 either from perceptions regarding the industry or CIGNA's business practices
 or
 products. This risk may be increased as CIGNA offers new products, such as
 products with limited benefits or an integrated line of products, targeted
 at
 market segments, beyond those in which CIGNA traditionally has operated.
 Negative publicity may a
dversely
 affect the CIGNA brand and its ability to market its products and services,
 which could reduce the number of enrollees in CIGNA's health benefits programs
 and

 adversely affect CIGNA’s profitability.

Large-scale
 public health epidemics, bio-terrorist activity, natural disasters or other
 extreme events could cause CIGNA’s covered medical and disability expenses,
 pharmacy costs and mortality experience to rise significantly, and in severe
 circumstances, could cause operational disruption. 

If
 widespread public health epidemics such as an influenza pandemic, bio-terrorist
 or other attack, or catastrophic natural disaster were to occur, CIGNA’s covered
 medical and disability expenses, pharmacy costs and mortality

experience
 could rise significantly, depending on the government’s actions and the
 responsiveness of public health agencies and insurers. In addition, depending
 on
 the severity of the situation, a widespread outbreak could curtail economic
 activity in general, and CIGNA's operations in particular, which could result
 in
 operational and financial disruption to CIGNA, which among other things may
 impact the timeliness of claims and revenue. CIGNA’s business and financial
 condition could also be adversely affected if the Company does not maintain
 adequate procedures to ensure disaster recovery and business continuity for
 its
 facilities and operations in the event of a natural disaster.

CIGNA
 faces a wide range of risks, and its success depends on its ability to identify,
 prioritize and appropriately manage its enterprise risk
 exposure.

As
 a
 large company operating in a complex industry, CIGNA

encounters
 a variety of risks as identified in this Risk Factor discussion.
 CIGNA

devotes
 resources to developing enterprise-wide risk management processes, in addition
 to the risk management processes within its businesses. Failure to appropriately
 identify and manage these risks, as well as the failure to identify and take
 advantage of 

 35

appropriate
 opportunities, can materially affect CIGNA’s profitability, its ability to
 retain or grow business, or, in the event of extreme circumstances, CIGNA’s
 financial condition. 

CIGNA
 faces risks relating to its ability to effectively deploy its
 capital.

CIGNA’s
 operations have generated significant capital in recent periods and the Company
 has significant ability to raise additional capital. In deploying its capital
 to
 fund its investments in operations, share repurchases, potential acquisitions
 or
 other capital uses, CIGNA's financial results could be adversely affected if
 it
 does not appropriately balance its risks and opportunities.

CIGNA
 is subject to potential changes in the political environment which affects
 public policy and can adversely affect the markets for our
 products.

While
 it
 is not possible to predict when and whether fundamental policy changes would
 occur, these could include policy changes on the local, state and federal level
 that could fundamentally change the 
dynamics
 of CIGNA’s industry, such as a much larger role of the government in the health
 care arena. Changes in public policy could materially affect CIGNA's
 profitability, its ability to retain or grow business, or in the event of
 extreme circumstances, its financial condition.

 36