As a large company operating in a complex industry, CIGNA encounters a variety of risks and
uncertainties including those identified in this Risk Factor discussion and elsewhere in this
report. CIGNA devotes resources to developing enterprise-wide risk management processes, in
addition to the risk management processes within its businesses. These factors represent risks and
uncertainties that could have a material adverse effect on CIGNA’s business, liquidity, results of
operations or financial condition. These risks and uncertainties are not the only ones CIGNA
faces. Other risks and uncertainties that CIGNA does not know about now, or that the Company does
not now think are significant and does not appropriately identify and manage, may impair its
business or the trading price of its securities. The following are significant risks identified by
CIGNA.

Future performance of CIGNA’s business will depend on the Company’s ability to execute its
strategic initiatives.

The future performance of CIGNA’s business will depend in large part on CIGNA’s ability to execute
effectively and implement its strategic initiatives. These initiatives include: executing CIGNA’s
customer engagement strategy, including designing products to meet emerging market trends and
ensuring that an appropriate infrastructure is in place to meet the needs of customers; continuing
to reduce medical costs; market expansion, in particular in the individual and small business
markets, as well as growth in medical and specialty membership; and further improving the
efficiency of operations, including lowering operating costs per member and enabling higher value
services.

Successful execution of these initiatives depends on a number of factors including:

 •

successful alignment and integration of services and operations to reduce costs and retain
and grow CIGNA’s customer base;

 •

addition and retention of customers by providing appropriate levels of support and service
for CIGNA’s products, as well as avoiding service and health coaching related errors;

 •

attraction and retention of sufficient numbers of qualified employees;

 •

the negotiation of favorable provider contracts;

 •

development and introduction of new products or programs, because of the inherent risks and
uncertainties associated with product development, particularly in response to government
regulation or the increased focus on consumer directed products;

 •

the identification and introduction of the proper mix or integration of products that will
be accepted by the marketplace; and

 •

the ability of CIGNA’s products and services to differentiate CIGNA from its competitors
and for CIGNA to demonstrate that these products and services (such as disease management and
health coaching programs, provider credentialing and other quality care initiatives) result in
improved health outcomes and reduced costs.

If CIGNA does not adequately invest in and effectively execute improvements in its information
technology infrastructure and improve its functionality, it will not be able to deliver the service
required in the evolving marketplace at a competitive cost.

CIGNA’s success in executing its consumer engagement strategy depends on the Company’s continued
improvements to its information technology infrastructure and customer service offerings. The
marketplace is evolving and the level of service that is acceptable to customers today will not
necessarily be acceptable tomorrow. The Company must continue to invest in long term solutions
that will enable it to meet customer expectations. CIGNA’s success is dependent, in large part, on
maintaining the effectiveness of existing technology systems and continuing to deliver and enhance
technology systems that support the Company’s business processes in a cost-efficient and
resource-efficient manner. CIGNA also must develop new systems to meet the current market standard
and keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving industry and
regulatory standards and customer needs. System development projects are long term in nature, may
be more costly than expected to complete, and may not deliver the expected benefits upon
completion.

31

Table of Contents

CIGNA’s business depends on its ability to properly maintain the integrity or security of its data
or to strategically implement new information systems.

CIGNA’s business depends on effective information systems and the integrity and timeliness of the
data it uses to run its business. CIGNA’s business strategy requires providing members and
providers with Internet-enabled products and information to meet their needs. CIGNA’s ability to
adequately price its products and services, establish reserves, provide effective and efficient
service to its customers, and to timely and accurately report its financial results also depends
significantly on the integrity of the data in its information systems. If the information CIGNA
relies upon to run its businesses were found to be inaccurate or unreliable due to fraud or other
error, or if CIGNA were to fail to maintain effectively its information systems and data integrity,
the Company could have problems with, among other things: operational disruptions, which may
impact customers, physicians and other health care providers; determining medical cost estimates
and establishing appropriate pricing; retaining and attracting customers; and regulatory
compliance.

If CIGNA were unable to maintain the security of any sensitive data residing on the Company’s
systems whether due to its own actions or those of any vendors, CIGNA’s reputation would be
adversely affected and the Company could be exposed to litigation or other actions, fines or
penalties.

If CIGNA fails to manage successfully its outsourcing projects and key vendors, CIGNA’s business
could be disrupted
.

CIGNA takes steps to monitor and regulate the performance of independent third parties who provide
services or to whom the Company delegates selected functions. These third parties include
information technology system providers, independent practice associations, call center and claim
service providers, specialty service providers and include those vendor relationships that the
Company acquired from Great-West HealthCare.

In addition to the software applications and human resource operations support IBM had previously
provided pursuant to several smaller contracts, in 2006, CIGNA entered into an agreement with IBM
to operate significant portions of its information technology infrastructure, including the
provision of services relating to its call center application, enterprise content management,
risk-based capital analytical infrastructure and voice and data communications network. The 2006
contract with IBM includes several service level agreements, or SLAs, related to issues such as
performance and job disruption with significant financial penalties if these SLAs are not met.
However, the Company may not be adequately indemnified against all possible losses through the
terms and conditions of the agreement. In addition, some of CIGNA’s termination rights are
contingent upon payment of a fee, which may be significant. If CIGNA’s relationship with IBM is
terminated, the Company may experience disruption of service to customers.

Arrangements with key vendors may make CIGNA’s operations vulnerable if third parties fail to
satisfy their obligations to the Company, as a result of their performance, changes in their own
operations, financial condition, or other matters outside of CIGNA’s control. Certain legislative
authorities have in recent periods discussed or proposed legislation that would restrict
outsourcing and, if enacted, could materially increase CIGNA’s costs. Further, CIGNA may not fully
realize on a timely basis the anticipated economic and other benefits of the outsourcing projects
or other relationships it enters into with key vendors, which could result in substantial costs or
other operational or financial problems for the Company.

Sustained or significant deterioration in economic conditions could significantly impact the
Company’s customers and vendors.

The Company is exposed to risks associated with the potential financial instability of its
customers, many of which may be adversely affected by the volatile conditions in the financial
markets. As a result of the difficult economic environment, customers may experience serious cash
flow problems and other financial difficulties. As a result, they may modify, delay or cancel
plans to purchase the Company’s products, may make changes in the mix of products purchased that
are unfavorable to the Company, or may be forced to reduce their workforces. Specifically, higher
unemployment rates as a result of a prolonged economic downturn could lead to lower enrollment in
the Company’s employer group plans, lower enrollment in our non-employer individual plans and a
higher number of employees opting out of CIGNA’s employer group plans. The adverse economic
conditions could also cause employers to stop offering certain health care coverage as an employee
benefit or elect to offer this coverage on a voluntary, employee-funded basis as a means to reduce
their operating costs. In addition, the economic downturn could negatively impact the Company’s
employer group renewal prospects and our ability to increase premiums and could result in
cancellation of products and services by customers. This could also result in increased
unemployment and an increase in the number of claims submitted. All of these developments could
lead to a decrease in CIGNA’s membership levels and premium and fee revenues. Further, if
customers are not successful in generating sufficient revenue or are precluded from securing
financing, they may not be able to pay, or may delay payment of, accounts receivable that are owed
to the Company. Any inability of current and/or potential customers to pay the Company for its
products may adversely affect the Company’s earnings and cash flow.

32

Table of Contents

In addition, the Company is susceptible to risks associated with the potential financial
instability of the vendors on which it relies to provide services or to whom it delegates certain
functions. The same conditions that may affect CIGNA’s customers also could adversely affect its
vendors, causing them to significantly and quickly increase their prices or reduce their output.
CIGNA’s business depends on its ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, its
necessary business functions.

A downgrade in the financial strength ratings of CIGNA’s insurance subsidiaries could adversely
affect new sales and retention of current business, and a downgrade in CIGNA’s debt ratings would
increase the cost of borrowed funds.

Financial strength, claims paying ability and debt ratings by recognized rating organizations are
an important factor in establishing the competitive position of insurance companies and health
benefits companies. Ratings information by nationally recognized ratings agencies is broadly
disseminated and generally used throughout the industry. CIGNA believes the claims paying ability
and financial strength ratings of its principal insurance subsidiaries are an important factor in
marketing its products to certain of CIGNA’s customers. In addition, CIGNA Corporation’s debt
ratings impact both the cost and availability of future borrowings, and accordingly, its cost of
capital. Each of the rating agencies reviews CIGNA’s ratings periodically and there can be no
assurance that current ratings will be maintained in the future. In addition, a downgrade of these
ratings could make it more difficult to raise capital and to support business growth at CIGNA’s
insurance subsidiaries.

A description of CIGNA Corporation ratings, other subsidiary ratings, as well as more information
on these ratings, is included in “Ratings” in Section J beginning on page 28.

Unfavorable claims experience related to workers’ compensation and personal accident insurance
exposures in CIGNA’s Run-off Reinsurance business could result in losses
.

Unfavorable claims experience related to workers’ compensation and personal accident insurance
exposures in CIGNA’s run-off reinsurance business is possible and could result in future losses.
Further, CIGNA could have losses attributable to its inability to recover amounts from
retrocessionaires or ceding companies either due to disputes with the retrocessionaires or ceding
companies or their financial condition. If CIGNA’s reserves for amounts recoverable from
retrocessionaires or ceding companies, as well as reserves associated with underlying reinsurance
exposures are insufficient, it could result in losses.

CIGNA’s equity hedge program for its guaranteed minimum death benefits contracts could fail to
reduce the risk of stock market declines.

As part of its run-off reinsurance business, CIGNA reinsured a guaranteed minimum death benefit
under certain variable annuities issued by other insurance companies. CIGNA maintains a hedge
program to reduce equity market risks related to these contracts by selling domestic and
foreign-denominated exchange-traded futures contracts. The purpose of this program is to reduce
the adverse effects of potential future domestic and international stock market declines on CIGNA’s
liabilities for these contracts. Under the program, increases in liabilities under the annuity
contracts from a declining equity market are offset by gains on the futures contracts. However the
program will not perfectly offset the change in the liability in part because the market does not
offer futures contracts that exactly match the diverse mix of equity fund investments held by
contractholders. The impact of this mismatch may be higher in periods of significant volatility and
may result in higher losses to the Company. In addition, the number of futures contracts used in
the program is adjusted only when certain tolerances are exceeded and in periods of highly volatile
equity markets when actual volatility exceeds the expected volatility assumed in the liability
calculation, losses will result. Further, CIGNA could have difficulty in entering into appropriate
futures contracts or there could be an adverse interest rate impact, (which are not covered by the
program). See “Run-off Reinsurance” in Section F on
page 16 for more information on the program.

Actual experience could differ significantly from CIGNA’s assumptions used in estimating CIGNA’s
liabilities for reinsurance contracts covering guaranteed minimum death benefits or minimum income
benefits.

CIGNA estimates reserves for guaranteed minimum death benefit and minimum income benefit exposures
based on assumptions regarding lapse, partial surrender, mortality, interest rates, volatility,
reinsurance recoverables, and, for minimum income benefit exposures, annuity income election rates.
These estimates are currently based on CIGNA’s experience and future expectations. CIGNA monitors
actual experience to update these reserve estimates as necessary. CIGNA regularly evaluates the
assumptions used in establishing reserves and changes its estimates if actual experience or other
evidence suggests that earlier assumptions should be revised. Further, CIGNA could have losses
attributable to its inability to recover amounts from retrocessionaires. See Notes 7 and 11 to
CIGNA’s Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on pages 100
and 110, respectively, for more information on assumptions used for the
Company’s guaranteed minimum death benefit and minimum income benefit exposures.

33

Table of Contents

Significant stock market declines could result in increased pension plan expenses, the recognition
of additional pension obligations and increased funding for those obligations as well as larger net
liabilities for guaranteed minimum death benefit contracts or for guaranteed minimum income benefit
contracts.

CIGNA has a pension plan that covers a large number of current employees and retirees. Unfavorable
investment performance due to significant stock market declines or changes in estimates of benefit
costs if significant, could significantly increase the Company’s pension plan expenses and
obligations.

In addition, CIGNA currently has unfunded obligations in its pension plan. A significant decline
in the value of the plan investments or unfavorable changes in applicable laws or regulations could
materially change the timing and amount of required plan funding, which could reduce the cash
available to CIGNA, including its subsidiaries. See Note 10 to CIGNA’s Consolidated Financial
Statements beginning on page 106 for more information on the Company’s obligations under the pension plan.

The Company calculates a provision for expected future partial surrenders as part of the liability
for guaranteed minimum death benefit contracts. As equity markets decline, the amount of
guaranteed death benefit exposure increases and the equity hedge program is designed to offset the
corresponding change in the liability. If a contractholder withdraws substantially all of their
mutual fund investments, the liability increases reflecting the lower assumed future premiums, the
lower likelihood of lapsation, and the lower likelihood of account values recovering sufficient to
reduce death benefit exposure in future periods. These effects are not covered by the Company’s
equity hedge program. Thus if equity markets decline, the provision for expected future partial
surrenders increases and there is no corresponding offset from the hedge program. As equity
markets decline, the claim amounts that the Company expects to pay out for the guaranteed minimum
income benefit business increases resulting in increased net liabilities.

Significant changes in market interest rates affect the value of CIGNA’s financial instruments that
promise a fixed return or benefit.

As an insurer, CIGNA has substantial investment assets that support insurance and contractholder
deposit policy liabilities. Generally low levels of interest rates on investments, such as those
experienced in United States financial markets during recent years, have negatively impacted the
level of investment income earned by the Company in recent periods, and such lower levels of
investment income would continue if these lower interest rates were to continue. Substantially all
of the Company’s investment assets are in fixed interest-yielding debt securities of varying
maturities, fixed redeemable preferred securities and commercial mortgage loans. The value of
these investment assets can fluctuate significantly with changes in market conditions. A rise in
interest rates could reduce the value of the Company’s investment portfolio and increase interest
expense if CIGNA were to access its available lines of credit.

The Company is also exposed to interest rate and equity risk based upon the discount rate and
expected long-term rate of return assumptions associated with the Company’s pension and other
post-retirement obligations. Sustained declines in interest rates or equity returns could have an
adverse impact on the funded status of the Company’s pension plans and the Company’s re-investment
yield on new investments.

As the 7-year Treasury rate (claim interest rate) declines, the claim amounts that the Company
expects to pay out for the guaranteed minimum income benefit business increases. For a subset of
the business, there is a contractually guaranteed floor of 3% for the claim interest rate.
Significant interest rate declines could significantly increase the Company’s net liabilities for
guaranteed minimum income benefit contracts because of increased exposures.

New accounting pronouncements or guidance could require CIGNA to change the way in which it
accounts for operations.

The Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and other
regulatory bodies may issue new accounting standards or pronouncements, or changes in the
interpretation of existing standards or pronouncements, from time to time, which could have a
significant effect on CIGNA’s reported results.

34

Table of Contents

CIGNA faces risks related to litigation and regulatory investigations.

CIGNA is routinely involved in numerous claims, lawsuits, regulatory audits, investigations and
other legal matters arising in the ordinary course of the business of administering and insuring
employee benefit programs. Such legal matters include benefit claims, breach of contract actions,
tort claims, and disputes regarding reinsurance arrangements. In addition, CIGNA incurs and likely
will continue to incur liability for claims related to its health care business, such as failure to
pay for or provide health care, poor outcomes for care delivered or arranged, provider disputes,
including disputes over compensation, and claims related to self-funded business. Also, there are
currently, and may be in the future, attempts to bring class action lawsuits against the industry.

Court decisions and legislative activity may increase CIGNA’s exposure for any of these types of
claims. In some cases, substantial non-economic or punitive damages may be sought. CIGNA currently
has insurance coverage for some of these potential liabilities. Other potential liabilities may not
be covered by insurance, insurers may dispute coverage or the amount of insurance may not be
sufficient to cover the entire damages awarded. In addition, certain types of damages, such as
punitive damages, may not be covered by insurance, and insurance coverage for all or certain forms
of liability may become unavailable or prohibitively expensive in the future.

A description of material legal actions and other legal matters in which CIGNA is currently
involved is included under “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3 beginning on page 39, Note 22 to
CIGNA’s Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page 133 of this Form 10-K and “Regulation”
in Section I beginning on page 24. The outcome of litigation and other legal matters is always
uncertain, and outcomes that are not justified by the evidence or existing law can occur. CIGNA
believes that it has valid defenses to the legal matters pending against it and is defending itself
vigorously.

CIGNA’s business is subject to substantial government regulation, which, along with new regulation,
could increase its costs of doing business and could adversely affect its profitability.

CIGNA’s business is regulated at the international, federal, state and local levels. The laws and
rules governing CIGNA’s business and interpretations of those laws and rules are subject to
frequent change. Broad latitude is given to the agencies administering those regulations. Existing
or future laws and rules could force CIGNA to change how it does business, restrict revenue and
enrollment growth, increase health care, technology and administrative costs including pension
costs and capital requirements, take other actions such as changing its reserve levels with respect
to certain reinsurance contracts, change business practices in disability payments and increase
CIGNA’s liability in federal and state courts for coverage determinations, contract interpretation
and other actions.

CIGNA must comply with the various regulations applicable to its business. In addition, CIGNA must
obtain and maintain regulatory approvals to market many of its products, to increase prices for
certain regulated products and to consummate some of its acquisitions and divestitures. Delays in
obtaining or failure to obtain or maintain these approvals could reduce the Company’s revenue or
increase its costs.

For further information on regulatory matters relating to CIGNA, see “Regulation” in Section I
beginning on page 24 and “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3 beginning on page 39.

CIGNA operates a pharmacy benefit management business, which is subject to a number of risks and
uncertainties, in addition to those CIGNA faces with its health care business.

CIGNA’s pharmacy benefit management business is subject to federal and state regulation, including:
the application of federal and state anti-remuneration laws; compliance requirements for pharmacy
benefit manager fiduciaries under ERISA, including compliance with fiduciary obligations under
ERISA in connection with the development and implementation of items such as formularies, preferred
drug listings and therapeutic intervention programs, contracting network practices, specialty drug
distribution and other transactions and potential liability regarding the use of
patient-identifiable medical information; and federal and state laws and regulations related to the
operation of Internet and mail-service pharmacies. Furthermore, a number of federal and state
legislative proposals are being considered that could adversely affect a variety of pharmacy
benefit industry practices, including without limitation, the receipt of rebates from
pharmaceutical manufacturers, the regulation of the development and use of formularies, and
legislation imposing additional rights to access drugs for individuals enrolled in managed care
plans.

The Company’s pharmacy benefit management business would also be adversely affected by an inability
to contract on favorable terms with pharmaceutical manufacturers and could suffer claims and
reputational harm in connection with purported errors by CIGNA’s mail order or retail pharmacy
businesses. Disruptions at any of the Company’s pharmacy business facilities due to failure of

35

Table of Contents

technology or any other failure or disruption to these systems or to the infrastructure due to
fire, electrical outage, natural disaster, acts of terrorism or some other catastrophic event could
reduce CIGNA’s ability to process and dispense prescriptions and provide products and services to
customers.

CIGNA faces competitive pressure, particularly price competition, which could result in premiums
which are insufficient to cover the cost of the healthcare services delivered to its members and
inadequate medical claims reserves.

While health plans compete on the basis of many factors, including service quality of clinical
resources, claims administration services and medical management programs, and quality and
sufficiency of provider networks, CIGNA expects that price will continue to be a significant basis
of competition. CIGNA’s customer contracts are subject to negotiation as customers seek to contain
their costs, and customers may elect to reduce benefits in order to constrain increases in their
benefit costs. Such an election may result in lower premiums for the Company’s products, although
it may also reduce CIGNA’s costs. Alternatively, the Company’s customers may purchase different
types of products that are less profitable, or move to a competitor to obtain more favorable
premiums.

In addition, significant merger and acquisition activity has occurred in the health care industry
giving rise to speculation and uncertainty regarding the status of companies, which potentially can
affect marketing efforts and public perception. Consolidation may make it more difficult for the
Company to retain or increase customers, to improve the terms on which CIGNA does business with its
suppliers, or to maintain its position or increase profitability. Factors such as business
consolidations, strategic alliances, legislative reform and marketing practices create pressure to
contain premium price increases, despite increasing medical costs. For example, the
Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act gives banks and other financial institutions the ability to affiliate with
insurance companies, which may lead to new competitors with significant financial resources in the
insurance and health benefits fields.

If CIGNA does not compete effectively in its markets, if the Company sets rates too high in highly
competitive markets to keep or increase its market share, if membership does not increase as it
expects, or if it declines, or if CIGNA loses accounts with favorable medical cost experience while
retaining or increasing membership in accounts with unfavorable medical cost experience, CIGNA’s
product margins and growth could be adversely affected.

CIGNA’s profitability depends, in part, on its ability to accurately predict and control future
health care costs through underwriting criteria, provider contracting, utilization management and
product design. Premiums in the health care business are generally fixed for one-year periods.
Accordingly, future cost increases in excess of medical cost projections reflected in pricing
cannot generally be recovered in the contract year through higher premiums. Although CIGNA bases
the premiums it charges on its estimate of future health care costs over the fixed premium period,
actual costs may exceed what was estimated and reflected in premiums. Factors that may cause
actual costs to exceed premiums include: medical cost inflation; higher than expected utilization
of medical services; the introduction of new or costly treatments and technology; and membership
mix.

CIGNA records medical claims reserves for estimated future payments. The Company continually
reviews estimates of future payments relating to medical claims costs for services incurred in the
current and prior periods and makes necessary adjustments to its reserves. However, actual health
care costs may exceed what was estimated.

Public perception of CIGNA’s products and practices as well as of the health benefits industry, if
negative, could reduce enrollment in CIGNA’s health benefits programs.

The health care industry in general, and CIGNA specifically, are subject to negative publicity,
which can arise either from perceptions regarding the industry or CIGNA’s business practices or
products. This risk may be increased as CIGNA offers new products, such as products with limited
benefits or an integrated line of products, targeted at market segments, beyond those in which
CIGNA traditionally has operated. Negative publicity may adversely affect the CIGNA brand and its
ability to market its products and services, which could reduce the number of enrollees in CIGNA’s
health benefits programs.

Large-scale public health epidemics, bio-terrorist activity, natural disasters or other extreme
events could cause CIGNA’s covered medical and disability expenses, pharmacy costs and mortality
experience to rise significantly, and in severe circumstances, could cause operational disruption.

If widespread public health epidemics such as an influenza pandemic, bio-terrorist or other attack,
or catastrophic natural disaster were to occur, CIGNA’s covered medical and disability expenses,
pharmacy costs and mortality experience could rise significantly, depending on the government’s
actions and the responsiveness of public health agencies and insurers. In addition, depending on
the severity of the situation, a widespread outbreak could curtail economic activity in general,
and CIGNA’s operations in particular,

36

Table of Contents

which could result in operational and financial disruption to CIGNA. Such disruption could, among
other things impact the timeliness of claims and revenue.

CIGNA’s business depends on the uninterrupted operation of its systems and business functions,
including information technology and other business systems.

CIGNA’s business is highly dependent upon its ability to perform, in an efficient and uninterrupted
fashion, its necessary business functions, such as: claims processing and payment; internet
support and customer call centers; and the processing of new and renewal business. A power outage,
pandemic, or failure of one or more of information technology, telecommunications or other systems
could cause slower system response times resulting in claims not being processed as quickly as
clients desire, decreased levels of client service and client satisfaction, and harm to CIGNA’s
reputation. In addition, because CIGNA’s information technology and telecommunications systems
interface with and depend on third party systems, CIGNA could experience service denials if demand
for such service exceeds capacity or a third party system fails or experiences an interruption. If
sustained or repeated, such a business interruption, systems failure or service denial could result
in a deterioration of CIGNA’s ability to pay claims in a timely manner, provide customer service,
write and process new and renewal business, or perform other necessary corporate functions. This
could result in a materially adverse effect on CIGNA’s business results and liquidity.

A security breach of CIGNA’s computer systems could also interrupt or damage CIGNA’s operations or
harm CIGNA’s reputation. In addition, CIGNA could be subject to liability if sensitive customer
information is misappropriated from CIGNA’s computer systems. These systems may be vulnerable to
physical break-ins, computer viruses, programming errors, attacks by third parties or similar
disruptive problems. Any publicized compromise of security could result in a loss of customers or
a reduction in the growth of customers, increased operating expenses, financial losses, additional
litigation or other claims, which could have a material adverse effect on CIGNA’s business.

CIGNA is focused on further developing its business continuity program to address the continuation
of core business operations. While CIGNA continues to test and assess its business continuity
program to satisfy the needs of CIGNA’s core business operations and addresses multiple business
interruption events, there is no assurance that core business operations could be performed upon
the occurrence of such an event.

CIGNA’s business may be adversely impacted by global market, economic and geopolitical conditions
that may cause fluctuations in equity market prices, interest rates and credit spreads which could
reduce the Company’s ability to raise or deploy capital as well as affect the Company’s overall
liquidity.

The capital markets and credit market have been experiencing volatility and disruption. In recent
months, the volatility and disruption has reached unusual levels. In some cases, the markets have
produced downward pressure on stock prices and credit capacity for certain issuers without regard
to those issuers’ underlying financial strength. If current levels of market disruption and
volatility continue or worsen, they may adversely impact the Company’s availability and cost of
credit in the future. In addition, continued unpredictable or unstable market conditions may
result in reduced opportunities to find suitable opportunities to raise capital.

CIGNA is subject to potential changes in the political environment, which could adversely affect
the markets for its products.

Policy changes on the local, state and federal level, such as the expansion of the government’s
role in the health care arena, could fundamentally change the dynamics of CIGNA’s industry, such as
a much larger role of the government in the health care arena. For example, a broad based public
sector alternative providing comprehensive health benefits could materially reduce the number of
private sector members and exacerbate existing competitive and economic pressures. While private
healthcare plans may be solicited to provide administrative services to an expanded national public
plan, this business opportunity may be less profitable and favor larger and lower cost competitors.

CIGNA faces risks in successfully managing the integration of Great-West Healthcare (or any other
acquisition).

CIGNA acquired Great-West Healthcare with the expectation that the acquisition will result in
various benefits, including, among others, a broader distribution and provider network in certain
geographic areas, an expanded range of health benefits and products, cost savings, increased
profitability of the acquired business by improving its total medical cost position, and
achievement of operating efficiencies. Achieving the anticipated benefits of the acquisition is
subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether CIGNA integrates Great-West Healthcare in
an efficient and effective manner, and general competitive factors in the marketplace.

37

Table of Contents

Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could limit CIGNA’s ability to grow membership,
particularly in the small business segment, result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of
expected revenues and diversion of management’s time and energy.

CIGNA faces intense competition to attract and retain key people.

CIGNA would be adversely impacted if it failed to attract additional key people and retain current
key people, as this could result in the inability to effectively execute the Company’s key
initiatives and business strategy.

CIGNA would be adversely affected if its prevention, detection or control systems fail to detect
and implement required changes to maintain regulatory compliance or prevent fraud.

Failure of CIGNA’s prevention, detection or control systems related to regulatory compliance and/or
compliance with its internal policies, including data systems security and/or unethical conduct by
managers and/or employees, could adversely affect its reputation and also expose us to litigation
and other proceedings, fines and/or penalties. Federal and state governments have made
investigating and prosecuting health care and other insurance fraud and abuse a priority. Fraud
and abuse prohibitions encompass a wide range of activities, including kickbacks for referral of
members, billing for unnecessary medical services, improper marketing, and violations of patient
privacy rights. The regulations and contractual requirements applicable to us and other
participants are complex and subject to change. Although the Company believes its compliance
efforts are adequate, ongoing vigorous law enforcement and the highly technical regulatory scheme
mean that its compliance efforts in this area will continue to require significant resources.

In addition, provider or member fraud that is not prevented or detected could impact its medical
costs or those of its self-insured customers. Further during an economic downturn, CIGNA’s
businesses, HealthCare, Group and Disability and International, may see increased fraudulent claims
volume which may lead to additional cost because of an increase in disputed claims and litigation.

38

Table of Contents