Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other
information contained in this report, you should consider the following risk factors before
investing in our securities.

Our business and operating results could be adversely affected by unfavorable macroeconomic and
industry conditions.

     We have achieved considerable annual revenue growth over the last few fiscal years, in part
due to favorable conditions in our markets. During the second half of 2008, however, our business
began to experience the effects of worsening macroeconomic conditions, further exacerbated by
certain customer-specific challenges and significant disruptions in the financial and credit
markets globally. We initially experienced order delays, lengthening sales cycles and slowing
deployments, principally among our largest service provider customers in North America and Europe.
As economic conditions worsened globally, these effects on our business spread across our industry
into other customer segments and geographies. Significant uncertainty around macroeconomic and
industry conditions persists, particularly the effect these conditions and any sustained lack of
liquidity in the capital markets may have upon the capital spending of our largest customers.
Moreover, we are uncertain of the impact that any change in enterprise and consumer spending and
behavior, in response to these market conditions, may have on the spending or financial position of
our customers. Continued weakness in our industry or the broader economy may cause our customers to
delay or cancel network infrastructure projects. Economic weakness, customer financial difficulties
and constrained spending on communications networks have previously resulted in sustained periods
of decreased demand for our products and services that have adversely affected our operating
results. Challenging economic and market conditions may also result in:

•

difficulty forecasting, budgeting and planning due to limited visibility into the
spending plans of current or prospective customers;

•

increased competition for fewer network projects and sales opportunities;

•

pricing pressure that may adversely affect revenue and gross margin;

•

higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue;

•

increased risk of charges relating to excess and obsolete inventories and the write
off of goodwill and other intangible assets; and

•

customer financial difficulty and increased risk of doubtful accounts receivable.

     We are uncertain as to how long current, unfavorable macroeconomic and industry conditions
will persist and the magnitude of their effects on our business and results of operations. If these
conditions persist or further weaken, our business and results of operations could be materially
adversely affected.

A small number of communications service providers account for a significant portion of our
revenue, and the loss of any of these customers, or a significant reduction in their spending,
would have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

     A significant portion of our revenue is concentrated among a relatively small number of
communications service providers. Five customers accounted for greater than 60% of our revenue in
each of fiscal 2007 and 2008. Consequently, our financial results are closely correlated with the
spending of a relatively small number of communications service providers. Because their spending
may be unpredictable and sporadic, our revenue and operating results can fluctuate on a quarterly
basis. Reliance upon a relatively small number of customers increases our exposure to changes in
their markets, capital expenditure budgets and network strategy. Our business and financial results
are closely tied to the prospects, performance, and financial condition of our largest customers,
and market-wide changes, including reductions in enterprise and consumer spending, affecting
communications service providers. We have recently seen our customers, including our large service
provider customers, take a more cautious approach to their capital spending. The loss of one or
more large service providers as customers, or significant reductions or delays in their spending,
would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations. Our concentration in revenue has increased in recent years, in part, as a result of
consolidations among a number of our largest customers. Consolidations may increase the likelihood
of temporary or indefinite reductions in customer spending or changes in network strategy that
could harm our business and operating results.

14

Our revenue and operating results can fluctuate unpredictably from quarter to quarter.

     Our revenue and results of operations can fluctuate unpredictably from quarter to quarter. Our
budgeted expense levels depend in part on our expectations of long-term future revenue and gross margin and
substantial reductions in expense are difficult and can take time to implement. Uncertainty or lack
of visibility into customer spending, and changes in economic or market conditions, can make it
difficult to prepare reliable estimates of future revenue and corresponding expense levels.
Consequently, our level of operating expense or inventory may be high relative to our revenue,
which could harm our ability to achieve or maintain profitability. Additional factors that
contribute to fluctuations in our revenue and operating results include:

•

economic and market conditions affecting us and our customers;

•

changes in capital spending by large communications service providers;

•

the timing and size of orders, including our ability to recognize revenue under customer
contracts; and

•

variations in the mix between higher and lower margin products and services and the
level of pricing pressure we encounter.

     Many factors affecting our results of operations are beyond our control, particularly in the
case of large service provider orders and multi-vendor or multi-technology network infrastructure
builds where the achievement of certain thresholds for acceptance is subject to the readiness and
performance of the customer or other providers, and changes in customer requirements or
installation plans. As a consequence, our results for a particular quarter may be difficult to
predict, and our prior results are not necessarily indicative of results likely in future periods.
The factors above may cause our operating results to fall below the expectations of securities
analysts or investors, which may cause our stock price to decline.

We face intense competition that could hurt our sales and results of operations.

     The markets in which we compete for sales of networking equipment, software and services are
extremely competitive, particularly the market for sales to large communications service providers.
This level of competition and pricing pressure that we face can be exacerbated during periods of
macroeconomic weakness and constrained spending. Competition in our markets, generally, is based on
any one or a combination of the following factors: price, product features and functionality,
manufacturing capability and lead-times, incumbency and existing business relationships,
scalability and the ability of products to meet the immediate and future network requirements of
customers. A small number of very large companies have historically dominated our industry. These
competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources, greater
manufacturing capacity, broader product offerings and more established relationships with service
providers and other potential customers than we do. Consolidation activity among large networking
equipment providers has caused some of our competitors to grow even larger, which may increase
their strategic advantages and adversely affect our competitive position.

     We also compete with a number of smaller companies that provide significant competition for a
specific product, application, customer segment or geographic market. Due to the narrower focus of
their efforts, these competitors may achieve commercial availability of their products more quickly
or may be more attractive to customers.

     Increased competition in our markets has resulted in aggressive business tactics, including:

•

significant price competition, particularly from competitors in Asia;

•

customer financing assistance;

•

early announcements of competing products and extensive marketing efforts;

•

competitors offering equity ownership positions to customers;

•

competitors offering to repurchase our equipment from existing customers;

•

marketing and advertising assistance; and

•

intellectual property assertions and disputes.

     The tactics described above can be particularly effective in an increasingly concentrated base
of potential customers such as communications service providers. If competitive pressures increase
or we fail to compete successfully in our markets, our sales and profitability would suffer.

15

Investment of research and development resources in technologies for which there is not a matching
market opportunity, or failure to sufficiently or timely invest in technologies for which there is market
demand, would adversely affect our revenue and profitability.

     The market for communications networking equipment is characterized by rapidly evolving
technologies and changes in market demand. We continually invest in research and development to
enhance our existing products, create new products and develop or acquire new technologies. There
is often a lengthy period between commencing these development initiatives and bringing the new or
revised product to market, and, during this time, technology or the market may move in directions
we had not anticipated. Even if we are able to anticipate market conditions and develop and
introduce new products or enhancements, there is no guarantee that these products will achieve
market acceptance. There is a significant possibility, therefore, that some of our development
decisions will not turn out as anticipated, and that our investment in some projects will be
unprofitable. Moreover, we may encounter difficulties developing, integrating and selling
technology acquired from World Wide Packets and may be unable to achieve the strategic benefits and
return on investment anticipated from this transaction. There is also a possibility that we may
miss a market opportunity because we fail to invest, or invest too late, in a technology, product
or enhancement that could have been highly profitable. Changes in market demand or investment
priorities may also cause us to discontinue existing or planned development for new products or
features, which can have a disruptive effect on our relationships with customers. If we fail to
make the right investments or fail to make them at the right time, our competitive position may
suffer and our revenue and profitability could be harmed.

We may be required to write off significant amounts of inventory as a result of our inventory
purchase practices, the convergence of our product lines or unfavorable macroeconomic or industry
conditions.

     To avoid delays and meet customer demand for shorter delivery terms, we place orders with our
contract manufacturers and suppliers to manufacture components and complete assemblies based on
forecasts of customer demand. As a result, our inventory purchases expose us to the risk that our
customers either will not order the products we have forecasted or will purchase fewer products
than forecasted. Unfavorable market or industry conditions can limit visibility into customer
spending plans and compound the difficulty of forecasting inventory at appropriate levels.
Moreover, our customer purchase agreements generally do not guarantee any minimum purchase level,
and customers often have the right to modify, reduce or cancel purchase quantities. As a result, we
may purchase inventory in anticipation of sales that do not occur. Historically, our inventory
write-offs have resulted from the circumstances above. As features and functionalities converge
across our product lines, and we introduce new products, however, we face an additional risk that
customers may forego purchases of one product we have inventoried in favor of another product with
similar functionality. At October 31, 2008, we had $93.5 million in inventory. If we are required
to write off or write down a significant amount of inventory, our results of operations for the
period would be materially adversely affected.

We may be required to write down goodwill and long-lived assets and these impairment charges would
adversely affect our operating results.

     As of October 31, 2008, we had $455.7 million of goodwill on our balance sheet. This amount
primarily represents the remaining excess of the total purchase price of our acquisitions over the
fair value of the net assets acquired. At October 31, 2008, we also had $182.3 million in
long-lived assets, which includes $92.2 million of other intangible assets on our balance sheet.
Given the current economic environment, uncertainties regarding the duration of these conditions
and their potential impact on our business, an interim impairment review may be triggered for goodwill and
long-lived assets during fiscal 2009. Our stock
price, which declined considerably during fiscal 2008, is a significant factor in assessing our
fair value for purposes of the goodwill impairment assessment. At the time of our assessment for
fiscal 2008, our market capitalization had fallen to $886 million and our carrying value,
including goodwill, had increased to $995 million. But for the inclusion of a control premium
greater than 12%, our carrying value as of the end of fiscal 2008 would have exceeded fair value,
requiring a further analysis which may have resulted in an impairment of goodwill. If our recent
stock price decline persists and our market capitalization remains below our carrying value for a
sustained period, it is reasonably likely that a goodwill impairment assessment prior to the next
annual review in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 would be necessary and an impairment of
goodwill may be determined. Valuation of our long-lived assets requires us to make assumptions
about future sales prices and sales volumes for our products. These and other assumptions are used
to forecast future, undiscounted cash flows. If actual market conditions differ or our forecasts
change, we may be required to assess long-lived assets and could record an impairment charge. If
we are required to record an impairment charge relating to goodwill or long-lived assets, such
charges would have the effect of decreasing our earnings or increasing our losses in such period.
If we are required to take a substantial impairment charge, our operating results could be
materially adversely affected in such period.

Network equipment sales to large communications service providers often involve lengthy sales
cycles and protracted contract negotiations and may require us to assume terms or conditions that
negatively affect our pricing, payment terms and the timing of revenue recognition.

16

     Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to maintain and expand our sales
to large communications service providers. These sales typically involve lengthy sales cycles,
protracted and sometimes difficult contract negotiations, and extensive product testing and network
certification. We are sometimes required to agree to contract terms or conditions that negatively
affect pricing, payment terms and the timing of revenue recognition in order to consummate a sale.
These terms may, in turn, negatively affect our revenue and results of operations and increase our
susceptibility to quarterly fluctuations in our results. Service providers may ultimately insist
upon terms and conditions that we deem too onerous or not in our best interest. Moreover, our
purchase agreements generally do not require that a customer guarantee any minimum purchase level
and customers often have the right to modify, delay, reduce or cancel previous orders. As a result,
we may incur substantial expense and devote time and resources to potential relationships that
never materialize or result in lower than anticipated sales.

Product performance problems could damage our business reputation and negatively affect our results
of operations.

     The development and production of equipment that addresses multi-service communications
network traffic is complicated. Some of our products can be fully tested only when deployed in
communications networks or with other equipment and therefore may contain undetected hardware or
software errors at the time of release. As a result, product performance problems are often more
acute for initial deployments of new products and product enhancements. Unanticipated problems can
relate to the design, manufacturing, installation or integration of our products. If we experience
significant performance, reliability or quality problems with our products, or our customers suffer
significant repairs, network restoration, or delays relating to these problems, a number of
negative effects on our business could result, including:

•

increased costs to address or remediate software or hardware defects;

•

payment of liquidated damages or claims for damages for performance failures or delays;

•

increased inventory obsolescence and warranty expense;

•

delays in collecting accounts receivable; and

•

cancellation or reduction in orders from customers.

     Product performance problems could damage our business reputation and negatively affect our
business and results of operations.

We may not be successful in selling our products into new markets and developing and managing new
sales channels.

     We continue to take steps to sell our products into new geographic markets and to a broader
customer base, including other large communications service providers, enterprises, cable
operators, wireless operators and federal, state and local governments. We have less experience in
these markets and, in order to succeed in these markets, we believe we must develop and manage new
sales channels and distribution arrangements. We expect these relationships to be an increasingly
important part of our business. We may not be successful in reaching additional customer segments
or expanding into new geographic regions and may be exposed to increased expense and business and
financial risks associated with entering new markets and pursuing new customer segments. We may
expend time, money and other resources on channel relationships that are ultimately unsuccessful.
In addition, sales to federal, state and local governments require compliance with complex
procurement regulations with which we have little experience. We may be unable to increase our
sales to government contractors if we determine that we cannot comply with applicable regulations.
Our failure to comply with regulations for existing contracts could result in civil, criminal or
administrative proceedings involving fines and suspension, or exclusion from participation in
federal government contracts. Failure to manage additional sales channels effectively would limit
our ability to succeed in these new markets and could adversely affect our ability to expand our
customer base and grow our business.

We may experience delays in the development of our products that may negatively affect our
competitive position and business.

     Our products are based on complex technology, and we can experience unanticipated delays in
developing, manufacturing or deploying them. Each step in the development life cycle of our
products presents serious risks of failure, rework or delay, any one of which could affect the
cost-effective and timely development of our products. Intellectual property disputes, failure of
critical design elements, and other execution risks may delay or even prevent the release of these
products. Modification of research and development strategies and changes in allocation of
resources could also be disruptive to our development efforts. If we do not develop and
successfully introduce products in a timely manner, our competitive position may suffer and our
business, financial condition and results of operations would be harmed.

17

Our reliance upon third party manufacturers exposes us to risks that could negatively affect our
business and operations.

     We rely upon third party contract manufacturers to perform the majority of the manufacturing
of our products and components. In recent years we have transitioned a significant portion of our
product manufacturing to overseas suppliers in Asia, with much of the manufacturing taking place in
China and Thailand. Some of our contract manufacturers ship our products directly to our customers.
Our reliance upon these manufacturers could expose us to increased risks related to lead times,
continued supply, on-time delivery, quality assurance and compliance with environmental standards
and other regulations. Our business could be adversely affected by disruptions in the business and
operations of these manufacturers. Significant disruptions could arise as a result of, among other
things, geopolitical events in the countries where our products or components thereof are
manufactured. During the first quarter of fiscal 2009, protests resulted in a blockade of
Thailand’s main international airport, which delayed product shipments from one of our key contract
manufacturers. Disruptions could also arise as a result of difficulties in the financial position
of our contract manufacturers and ineffective business continuity and disaster recovery plans. We
do not have contracts in place with some of our manufacturers and do not have guaranteed supply of
components or manufacturing capacity. From time to time, we may decide to transfer manufacturing to
a new contract manufacturer or further consolidate our supplier base. These transitions may result
in disruptions to our business and temporary increases in inventory volumes purchased in order to
ensure continued supply. Difficulty managing our contract manufacturers, or transitions to new
manufacturers, can negatively affect our business and operations and harm our customer
relationships.

Difficulties with third party component suppliers, including sole and limited source suppliers,
could increase our costs and harm our business and customer relationships.

     We depend on third party suppliers for our product components and subsystems, as well as for
equipment used to manufacture and test our products. Our products include key optical and
electronic components for which reliable, high-volume supply is often available from sole or
limited sources. We have previously encountered shortages in availability for important components
that have affected our ability to deliver products in a timely manner. Our business would be
negatively affected if our suppliers were to experience any significant disruption in their
operations affecting the price, quality, availability or timely delivery of components. Current
unfavorable economic conditions, including a lack of liquidity, may adversely affect our suppliers
or the terms on which we purchase components. We may be unable to secure the components or
subsystems that we require in sufficient quantities or on reasonable terms. The loss of a source of
supply, or lack of sufficient availability of key components, could require us to redesign products
that use those components, which would increase our costs and negatively affect our product gross
margin and results of operations. Difficulties with suppliers could also result in lost revenue,
additional product costs and deployment delays that could harm our business and customer
relationships.

Our failure to manage effectively our relationships with third party service partners could
adversely impact our financial results and relationship with customers.

     We rely on a number of third party service partners, both domestic and international, to
complement our global service and support resources. We rely upon these partners for certain
maintenance and support functions, as well as the installation of our equipment in some large
network builds. These projects often include complex customization, installation and testing. In
order to ensure the proper installation and maintenance of our products, we must identify, train
and certify qualified service partners. Certification can be costly and time-consuming, and our
partners often provide similar services for other companies, including our competitors. We may not
be able to manage effectively our relationships with our service partners and cannot be certain
that they will be able to deliver services in the manner or time required. If our service partners
are unsuccessful in delivering services:

•

we may suffer delays in recognizing revenue;

•

our services revenue and gross margin may be adversely affected; and

•

our relationship with customers could suffer.

Difficulties with service partners could cause us to transition a larger share of deployment and
other services from third parties to internal resources, thereby increasing our service overhead
costs and negatively affecting our services gross margin and results of operations.

We may incur significant costs as a result of our efforts to protect and enforce our intellectual
property rights or respond to claims of infringement from others.

18

     Our business is dependent upon the successful protection of our proprietary technology and
intellectual property. We are subject to the risk that unauthorized parties may attempt to access, copy or otherwise obtain
and use our proprietary technology, particularly as we expand our product development into India
and increase our reliance upon contract manufacturers in Asia. These and other international
operations could expose us to a lower level of intellectual property protection than in the United
States. Monitoring unauthorized use of our technology is difficult, and we cannot be certain that
the steps that we are taking will prevent or minimize the risks of unauthorized use. If competitors
are able to use our technology, our ability to compete effectively could be harmed.

     From time to time we have been subject to litigation and other third party intellectual
property claims, primarily alleging patent infringement. We have also been subject to third party
claims arising as a result of our indemnification obligations to customers or resellers that
purchase our products or as a result of alleged infringement relating to third party components
that we include in our products. The frequency of these assertions is increasing as patent holders,
including entities that are not in our industry and that purchase patents as an investment, use
infringement assertions as a competitive tactic or as a source of additional revenue. Intellectual
property infringement claims can significantly divert the time and attention of our personnel and
result in costly litigation. These claims can also require us to pay substantial damages or
royalties, enter into costly license agreements or develop non-infringing technology. Accordingly,
the costs associated with intellectual property infringement claims could adversely affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition.

Our international operations could expose us to additional risks and result in increased operating
expense.

     We market, sell and service our products globally. We have established offices around the
world, including in North America, Europe, Latin America and the Asia Pacific region. We have also
established a major development center in India and are increasingly reliant upon overseas
suppliers, particularly in Asia, for sourcing of important components and manufacturing of our
products. Our increasingly global operations may result in increased risk to our business and could
give rise to unanticipated expense, difficulties or other effects that could adversely affect our
financial results.

     International operations are subject to inherent risks, including:

•

effects of changes in currency exchange rates;

•

greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and longer collection periods;

•

difficulties and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations;

•

the impact of economic conditions in countries outside the United States;

•

less protection for intellectual property rights in some countries;

•

adverse tax and customs consequences, particularly as related to transfer-pricing issues;

•

social, political and economic instability;

•

trade protection measures, export compliance, qualification to transact business and
other regulatory requirements; and

•

natural disasters, epidemics and acts of war or terrorism.

     We expect that our international activities will be dynamic in the near term, and we may enter
new markets and withdraw from or reduce operations in others. These changes to our international
operations may require significant management attention and result in additional expense. In some
countries, our success will depend in part on our ability to form relationships with local
partners. Our inability to identify appropriate partners or reach mutually satisfactory
arrangements for international sales of our products could impact our ability to maintain or
increase international market demand for our products.

Our use and reliance upon development resources in India may expose us to unanticipated costs or
liabilities.

     We have a significant development center in India and, in recent years, have increased
headcount and development activity at this facility. There is no assurance that our reliance upon
development resources in India will enable us to achieve meaningful cost reductions or greater
resource efficiency. Further, our development efforts and other operations in India involve
significant risks, including:

•

difficulty hiring and retaining appropriate engineering resources due to intense
competition for such resources and resulting wage inflation;

19

•

the knowledge transfer related to our technology and resulting exposure to
misappropriation of intellectual property or
information that is proprietary to us, our customers and other third parties;

•

heightened exposure to changes in the economic, security and political conditions of
India; and

•

fluctuations in currency exchange rates and tax compliance in India.

     Difficulties resulting from the factors above and other risks related to our operations in
India could expose us to increased expense, impair our development efforts, harm our competitive
position and damage our reputation.

We may be exposed to unanticipated risks and additional obligations in connection with our resale
of complementary products or technology of other companies.

     We have entered into agreements with strategic partners that permit us to distribute their
products or technology. We rely upon these relationships to add complementary products or
technologies or to fulfill an element of our product portfolio. As part of our strategy to
diversify our product portfolio and customer base, we may enter into additional original equipment
manufacturer (OEM) or resale agreements in the future. We may incur unanticipated costs or
difficulties relating to our resale of third party products. Our third party relationships could
expose us to risks associated with delays in their development, manufacturing or delivery of
products or technology. We may also be required by customers to assume warranty, indemnity, service
and other commercial obligations greater than the commitments, if any, made to us by our technology
partners. Some of our strategic partners are relatively small companies with limited financial
resources. If they are unable to satisfy their obligations to us or our customers, we may have to
expend our own resources to satisfy these obligations. Exposure to the risks above could harm our
reputation with key customers and negatively affect our business and our results of operations.

Our exposure to the credit risks of our customers and resellers may make it difficult to collect
receivables and could adversely affect our revenue and operating results.

     In the course of our sales to customers, we may have difficulty collecting receivables and
could be exposed to risks associated with uncollectible accounts. We may be exposed to similar
risks relating to third party resellers and other sales channel partners. A continued lack of
liquidity in the capital markets or a sustained period of unfavorable economic conditions may
increase our exposure to credit risks. While we monitor these situations carefully and attempt to
take appropriate measures to protect ourselves, it is possible that we may have to write down or
write off doubtful accounts. Such write-downs or write-offs could negatively affect our operating
results for the period in which they occur, and, if large, could have a material adverse effect on
our revenue and operating results.

Restructuring activities could disrupt our business and affect our results of operations.

     We have previously taken steps, including reductions in force, office closures, and internal
reorganizations to reduce the size and cost of our operations and to better match our resources
with market opportunities. We may take similar steps in the future. These changes could be
disruptive to our business and may result in the recording of accounting charges, including
inventory and technology-related write-offs, workforce reduction costs and charges relating to
consolidation of excess facilities. Substantial charges resulting from any future restructuring
activities could adversely affect our results of operations in the period in which we take such a
charge.

If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, we may be unable to manage our business
effectively.

     Competition to attract and retain highly skilled technical and other personnel with experience
in our industry is increasing in intensity, and our employees have been the subject of targeted
hiring by our competitors. With respect to our engineering resources, we may find it particularly
difficult to attract and retain sufficiently skilled personnel in areas including data networking,
Ethernet service delivery and network management software engineering in certain geographic
markets. We may experience difficulty retaining and motivating existing employees and attracting
qualified personnel to fill key positions. Because we rely upon equity awards as a significant
component of compensation, particularly for our executive team, a lack of positive performance in
our stock price, reduced grant levels, or changes to our compensation program may adversely affect
our ability to attract and retain key employees. In addition, none of our executive officers is
bound by an employment agreement for any specific term. It may be difficult to replace members of
our management team or other key personnel, and the loss of such individuals could be disruptive to
our business. Because we generally do not have employment contracts with our employees, we must
rely upon providing competitive compensation packages and a high-quality work environment in order
to retain and motivate employees. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, we
may be unable to manage our business effectively.

20

We may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.

     To date, we have not hedged against foreign currency fluctuations. Historically, our primary
exposure to currency exchange rates has been related to non-U.S. dollar denominated operating
expense in Europe, Asia and Canada. In recent years, our international operations have grown
considerably. As we increase our international sales and utilization of international suppliers, we
may transact additional business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. A further increase in
the value of the dollar could increase the real cost to our customers of our products in those
markets outside the United States where we sell in dollars, and a weakened dollar could increase
the cost of local operating expenses and procurement of raw materials to the extent that we must
purchase components in foreign currencies. As a result, we may be subject to increased
susceptibility to the effects of foreign exchange translation on our financial results and our
business and result of operations could be adversely affected.

Our products incorporate software and other technology under license from third parties and our
business would be adversely affected if this technology was no longer available to us on
commercially reasonable terms.

     We integrate third-party software and other technology into our embedded operating system,
network management system tools and other products. Licenses for this technology may not be
available or continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. Third party licensors
may insist on unreasonable financial or other terms in connection with our use of such technology.
Difficulties with third party technology licensors could result in termination of such licenses,
which may result in significant costs and require us to obtain or develop a substitute technology.
Difficulty obtaining and maintaining third-party technology licenses may disrupt development of our
products and increase our costs, which could harm our business.

Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our internal business processes and
information systems and modifications may disrupt our business, operating processes and internal
controls.

     The successful operation of various internal business processes and information systems is
critical to the efficient operation of our business. In recent years, we have experienced
considerable growth in transaction volume, headcount and reliance upon international resources in
our operations. Our business processes and information systems need to be sufficiently scalable to
support growth of our business. To improve the efficiency of our operations and achieve greater
automation, we routinely upgrade business processes and information systems. Significant changes to
our processes and systems expose us to a number of operational risks. These changes may be costly
and disruptive, and could impose substantial demands on management time. These changes may also
require the modification of a number of internal control procedures. Any material disruption,
malfunction or similar problems with our business processes or information systems, or the
transition to new processes and systems, could have a negative effect on the operation of our
business and our results of operations.

Strategic acquisitions and investments may expose us to increased costs and unexpected liabilities.

     We may acquire or make strategic investments in other companies to expand the markets we
address, diversify our customer base or acquire or accelerate the development of technology or
products. To do so, we may use cash, issue equity that would dilute our current stockholders’
ownership, incur debt or assume indebtedness. These transactions involve numerous risks, including:

•

difficulty integrating the operations, technologies and products of the acquired companies;

•

diversion of management’s attention;

•

difficulty completing projects of the acquired company and costs related to in-process projects;

•

the loss of key employees of the acquired company;

•

amortization expense related to intangible assets and charges associated with
impairment of goodwill;

•

ineffective internal controls over financial reporting;

•

dependence on unfamiliar supply partners; and

•

exposure to unanticipated liabilities, including intellectual property infringement claims.

     As a result of these and other risks, our acquisitions or strategic investments may not reap
the intended benefits and may ultimately have a negative impact on our business, results of
operation and financial condition.

21

Changes in government regulation affecting the communications industry and the businesses of our
customers could harm our prospects and operating results.

     The Federal Communications Commission, or FCC, has jurisdiction over the U.S. communications
industry and similar agencies have jurisdiction over the communication industries in other
countries. Many of our largest customers are subject to the rules and regulations of these
agencies. Changes in regulatory requirements in the United States or other countries could inhibit
service providers from investing in their communications network infrastructures or introducing new
services. These changes could adversely affect the sale of our products and services. Changes in
regulatory tariff requirements or other regulations relating to pricing or terms of carriage on
communications networks could slow the development or expansion of network infrastructures and
adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition.

Governmental regulations affecting the import or export of products, and environmental regulations
relating to our products, could negatively affect our revenues.

     The United States and various foreign governments have imposed controls, export license
requirements and restrictions on the import or export of some technologies. Governmental regulation
of imports or exports, or our failure to obtain required import or export approval for our
products, could harm our international and domestic sales and adversely affect our revenues.
Failure to comply with such regulations could result in penalties, costs and restrictions on export
privileges. In addition, our operations may be negatively affected by environmental regulations,
such as the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) and Restriction of the Use of Certain
Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic Equipment (RoHS) that have been adopted by the
European Union. Compliance with these and similar environmental regulations may increase our cost
of building and selling our products, make it difficult to obtain supply of compliant components or
require us to write off non-compliant inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business and operating results.

The investment of our substantial cash balance and our investments in marketable debt securities
are subject to risks which may cause losses and affect the liquidity of these investments.

     At October 31, 2008, we had $550.7 million in cash and cash equivalents and $522.5 million
short-term and long-term investments in marketable debt securities. We have historically invested
these amounts in corporate bonds, asset-backed obligations, commercial paper, securities issued by
the United States, certificates of deposit and money market funds meeting certain criteria. These
investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks, which may be
exacerbated by recent significant disruptions in the financial and credit markets. These market
risks associated with our investment portfolio may have a negative adverse effect on our results of
operations, liquidity and financial condition.

Failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could have a material
adverse effect on our business, operating results and stock price.

     Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we include in our annual report a
report containing management’s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over
financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year and a statement as to whether or not such
internal controls are effective. Compliance with these requirements has resulted in, and is likely
to continue to result in, significant costs and the commitment of time and operational resources.
Changes in our business will necessitate ongoing modifications to our internal control systems,
processes and information systems. Increases in our global operations or expansion into new regions
could pose additional challenges to our internal control systems as these operations become more
significant. We cannot be certain that our current design for internal control over financial
reporting will be sufficient to enable management or our independent registered public accounting
firm to determine that our internal controls are effective for any period, or on an ongoing basis.
If we or our independent registered public accounting firms are unable to assert that our internal
controls over financial reporting are effective, our business may be harmed. Market perception of
our financial condition and the trading price of our stock may be adversely affected, and customer
perception of our business may suffer.

Obligations associated with our outstanding indebtedness on our convertible notes may adversely
affect our business.

     At October 31, 2008, indebtedness on our outstanding convertible notes totaled $798.0 million
in aggregate principal. Our indebtedness and repayment obligations could have important negative
consequences, including:

•

increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

•

limiting our ability to obtain additional financing, particularly in light of
unfavorable conditions in the credit markets;

22

•

reducing the availability of cash resources for other purposes, including capital
expenditures;

•

limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and
the markets in which we compete; and

•

placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage to competitors that have better
access to capital resources.

     We may also add additional indebtedness such as equipment loans, working capital lines of
credit and other long-term debt.

Our stock price is volatile.

     Our common stock price has experienced substantial volatility in the past and may remain
volatile in the future. Volatility in our stock price can arise as a result of a number of the
factors discussed in this “Risk Factors” section. During fiscal 2008, our stock price ranged from a
high of $48.82 per share to a low of $6.60 per share. The stock market has experienced extreme
price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies,
with such volatility often unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. Divergence
between our actual or anticipated financial results and published expectations of analysts can
cause significant swings in our stock price. Our stock price can also be affected by announcements
that we, our competitors, or our customers may make, particularly announcements related to
acquisitions or other significant transactions. Our common stock is
included in a number of widely-followed market indices, including the S&P 500 Index, and any change
in the composition of these indices to exclude our company would adversely affect our stock price.
These factors, as well as conditions affecting the general economy or financial markets, may
materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock in the future.