Risks relating to our pending acquisition of certain Nortel Metro Ethernet Networks (MEN) Assets

     Business combinations involve a high degree of risk. In addition to the other information
contained in this report, you should consider the following risk factors related to our pending
acquisition of certain Nortel MEN assets before investing in our securities.

The pending transaction may not be completed, may be delayed or may result in the imposition of
conditions that could have a material adverse effect on Ciena’s operation of the business following
completion.

     In addition to customary closing conditions, completion of the pending transaction is
conditioned upon the receipt of certain governmental clearances or approvals that have not yet been
obtained, including, without limitation, the Investment Canada Act and regional bankruptcy
approvals in France and Israel. Completion of the transaction is also subject to information and
consultation with employee representatives and/or employees in certain international jurisdictions.
Ciena has previously been granted early termination of the antitrust waiting period under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and the Canadian Competition Act. There can be no assurance that these
clearances and approvals will be obtained and that previous clearances will be maintained. Third
parties could petition to have governmental entities reconsider previously granted clearances. In
addition, the governmental entities from which clearances and approvals are required may impose
conditions on the completion of the transaction, require changes to the terms of the transaction or
impose restrictions on the operation of the business following completion of the transaction. If
the transaction is not completed, completion is delayed or Ciena becomes subject to any material
conditions in order to obtain any clearances or approvals required to complete the transaction, its
business and results of operations may be adversely affected and its stock price may suffer.

We may fail to realize the anticipated benefits and operating synergies expected from the
transaction, which could adversely affect our operating results and the market price of our common
stock.

     The success of the transaction will depend, in significant part, on our ability to
successfully integrate the acquired business and realize the anticipated benefits and operating
synergies to be derived from the combination of the two businesses. We believe that the additional
resources, expanded geographic reach, new and broader customer relationships, and deeper portfolio
of complementary network solutions derived from the pending transaction will accelerate the
execution of our corporate and product development strategy and provide opportunities to optimize
our product development investment. Actual cost, operating, strategic and sales synergies, if
achieved at all, may be lower than we expect and may take longer to achieve than anticipated. If we
are not able to adequately address the integration challenges above, we may be unable to realize
the anticipated benefits of the transaction. The anticipated benefits of the transaction may not be
realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. If we are not able to
achieve these objectives, the value of Ciena’s common stock may be adversely affected.

Our pending acquisition will result in significant integration costs and any material delays or
unanticipated additional expense may harm our business and results of operations.

     We expect the magnitude of the integration effort will be significant and that it will require
material capital and operating expense by Ciena. We currently expect that integration expense
associated with equipment and information technology costs, transaction expense, and consulting and
third party service fees associated with integration, will be approximately $180 million over a
two-year period, with a significant portion of such costs anticipated to be incurred in the first
year after completion of the transaction. This amount does not give effect to any expense related
to, among other things, facilities restructuring or inventory obsolescence charges. This amount
also does not give effect to higher operating expense associated with transition services described
below. As a result, the integration expense we incur and recognize for financial statement purposes
could be significantly higher. Any material delays or unanticipated additional expense may harm our
business and results of operations.

16

The integration of the acquired assets will be extremely complex and involve a number of risks.
Failure to successfully integrate our respective operations, including the underlying information
systems, could significantly harm our business and results of operations.

     Because of the structure of the transaction, as an asset carve out from Nortel, upon
completion of the transaction we will not be integrating an entire enterprise, with the back-office
systems and processes that make the business run, when we complete this transaction. We must build
the infrastructure and organizations, and retain third party services, to ensure business
continuity and to support and scale our business. Integrating our operations will be extremely
complex and there is no assurance that we will not encounter material delays or unanticipated costs
that would adversely affect our business and results of operations. Successful integration involves
numerous risks, including:

•

assimilating product offerings and sales and marketing operations;

•

coordinating research and development efforts;

•

retaining and attracting customers following a period of significant uncertainty
associated with the acquired business;

•

diversion of management attention from business and operational matters;

•

identifying and retaining key personnel;

•

maintaining and transitioning relationships with key vendors, including component
providers, manufacturers and service providers;

•

integrating accounting, information technology, enterprise management and
administrative systems which may be difficult or costly;

•

making significant cash expenditures that may be required to retain personnel or
eliminate unnecessary resources;

•

managing tax costs or liabilities;

•

coordinating a broader and more geographically dispersed organization;

•

maintaining uniform standards, procedures and policies to ensure efficient and
compliant administration of the organizaton; and

•

making any necessary modifications to internal control to comply with the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

          Delays encountered in the integration process, significant cost overruns and unanticipated
expense could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.

Following completion of the transaction we will rely upon an affiliate of Nortel to perform certain
critical transition services during a transition period and there can be no assurance that such
services will be performed timely and effectively.

     Following the completion of the transaction, we will rely upon an affiliate of Nortel for
certain transition services related to the operation and continuity of the business following
completion of the transaction. These services include, among others, critical functions relating to
accounting, information technology, maintenance services and facilities. We anticipate that
transition service-related expense will be significant and the administration and oversight of
these services will be complex. The transition service provider will be performing services on
behalf of Ciena as well as certain other purchasers of those businesses that Nortel has divested in
the course of its bankruptcy proceedings. Relying upon this transition services provider to perform
critical operations and services raises a number of significant business and operational risks,
including its ability to become an effective support partner for all of the Nortel purchasers,
segregation of such services, and its ability to retain experienced and knowledgeable personnel.
There can be no assurance such services will be performed timely and effectively. Significant
disruption in these transition services or unanticipated costs related to such services could
adversely affect our business and results of operations.

Upon the closing of the transaction, we will take on substantial additional indebtedness and
materially reduce our cash balance.

     In accordance with the applicable asset purchase agreements, upon completion of the
transaction, we will pay the sellers $530 million in cash and issue them $239 million in aggregate
principal of senior convertible notes due in fiscal 2017. This cash expenditure will significantly
reduce our cash balance. In addition, the terms of the notes to be issued provide for an adjustment
of the interest rate up to a maximum of 8% per annum, depending upon the market price of our common
stock

17

upon the completion of the transaction. The lower cash balance and increased indebtedness
resulting from this transaction
could adversely affect our business. In particular, it could increase our vulnerability to
sustained, adverse macroeconomic weakness, limit our ability to obtain further financing and limit
our ability to pursue certain operational and strategic opportunities. Our indebtedness and lower
cash balance may also put us in a competitive disadvantage to other vendors with greater resources.

The transaction may expose us to significant unanticipated liabilities that could adversely affect
our business and results of operations.

     Our purchase of the acquired business in connection with Nortel’s bankruptcy proceedings may
expose us to significant unanticipated liabilities. We may incur unforeseen liabilities relating to
the operation of the business including employment related obligations under applicable law or
benefits arrangements, legal claims, warranty or similar liabilities to customers, and claims by or
amounts owed to vendors, including as a result of any contracts assigned to Ciena in the
transaction. We may also incur liabilities or claims associated with our acquisition or licensing
of Nortel’s technology and intellectual property including claims of infringement. Our acquisition
of Nortel’s assets, particularly in international jurisdictions, could also expose us to tax
liabilities and other amounts owed by Nortel. The incurrence of such unforeseen or unanticipated
liabilities, should they be significant, could have a material adverse affect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition.

The transaction may not be accretive and may cause dilution to our earnings per share, which may
harm the market price of our common stock.

     We currently anticipate that the transaction will be accretive to earnings per share for
fiscal 2011. This expectation is based on preliminary estimates which may materially change after
the completion of the transaction. We have previously incurred operating expense, on a stand alone
basis, higher than we anticipated for periods during fiscal 2009. The magnitude of the integration
relating to our pending transaction, together with the increased scale of our operations resulting
from the transaction, will make forecasting, managing and constraining our operating expense even
more difficult. We could also encounter additional transaction and integration-related costs or
fail to realize all of the benefits of the transaction that underlie our financial model and
expectations as to profitability. All of these factors could cause dilution to our earnings per
share or decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the transaction and cause a decrease in
the price of our common stock.

The complexity of the integration and transition associated with our pending transaction, together
with the increased scale of our operations, may challenge our internal control over financial
reporting and our ability to effectively and timely report our financial results.

     Following the completion of the pending transaction, we will rely upon a combination of Ciena
information systems and critical transition services that are necessary for us to accurately and
effectively compile and report our financial results. We will also have to train new employees and
third party providers, and assume operations in jurisdictions where we have not previously had
operations. The scale of these operations, together with the complexity of the integration effort,
including changes to or implementation of critical information technology systems, may adversely
affect our ability to report our financial results on a timely basis. We expect that the
transaction may necessitate significant modifications to our internal control systems, processes
and information systems. We cannot be certain that changes to our design for internal control over
financial reporting will be sufficient to enable management or our independent registered public
accounting firm to determine that our internal controls are effective for any period, or on an
ongoing basis. If we are unable to accurately and timely report our financial results, or are
unable to assert that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, our business
and market perception of our financial condition may be harmed and the trading price of our stock
may be adversely affected.

Following our acquisition of the Nortel assets, the combined company must continue to retain,
motivate and recruit key executives and employees, which may be difficult in light of uncertainty
regarding the pending transaction and the significant integration efforts following closing.

     For the pending transaction to be successful, during the period before the transaction is
completed, both Ciena and Nortel must continue to retain, motivate and recruit executives and other
key employees. Moreover, following the completion of the transaction, Ciena must be successful at
retaining and motivating key employees. Experienced employees, particularly with experience in
optical engineering, are in high demand and competition for their talents can be intense. Employees
of both companies may experience uncertainty, real or perceived, about their future role with the
combined company until, or even after, Ciena’s post-closing strategies are announced or executed.
These potential distractions may adversely affect the ability to retain, motivate and recruit
executives and other key employees and keep them focused on corporate strategies and objectives.
The failure to attract, retain and motivate executives and other key employees before and following
completion of the transaction could have a negative impact on Ciena’s business.

18

Risks related to our current business and operations

     Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other
information contained in this report, you should consider the following risk factors before
investing in our securities.

Our business and operating results could be adversely affected by unfavorable macroeconomic and
market conditions and reductions in the level of capital expenditure by our largest customers in
response to these conditions.

     Starting in the second half of fiscal 2008, our business began to experience the effects of
worsening macroeconomic conditions and significant disruptions in the financial and credit markets
globally. In the face of these conditions, many companies, including some of our largest
communications service provider customers, significantly reduced their network infrastructure
expenditures as they sought to conserve capital, reduce debt or address uncertainties or changes in
their own business models brought on by broader market challenges. Our business experienced
lengthening sales cycles, customer delays in network buildouts and slowing deployments, resulting
in lower demand across our customer base in all geographies. Our results of operations for fiscal
2009 were materially adversely affected by the weakness, volatility and uncertainty presented by
the global market conditions that we encountered during the year.

     Broad macroeconomic weakness, customer financial difficulties, changes in customer business
models and constrained spending on communications networks have previously resulted in sustained
periods of decreased demand for our products and services that have adversely affected our
operating results. Challenging economic and market conditions may also result in:

•

difficulty forecasting, budgeting and planning due to limited visibility into the
spending plans of current or prospective customers;

•

increased competition for fewer network projects and sales opportunities;

•

pricing pressure that may adversely affect revenue and gross margin;

•

higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue;

•

increased risk of charges relating to excess and obsolete inventories and the write
off of other intangible assets; and

•

customer financial difficulty and increased risk of doubtful accounts receivable.

     Our business and financial results are closely tied to the prospects, performance, and
financial condition of our largest communications service provider customers and are significantly
affected by market or industry-wide changes that affect their businesses and their level of
infrastructure-related spending. These factors include the level of enterprise and consumer
spending on communications services, adoption of new communications services or applications and
consumption of available network capacity. We are uncertain as to how long current unfavorable
macroeconomic and industry conditions will persist and the magnitude of their effects on our
business and results of operations.

A small number of communications service providers account for a significant portion of our
revenue. The loss of any of these customers, or a significant reduction in their spending, would
have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

     A significant portion of our revenue is concentrated among a relatively small number of
communications service providers. Eight customers accounted for greater than 60% of our revenue in
fiscal 2009. Consequently, our financial results are closely correlated with the spending of a
relatively small number of communications service providers. The terms of our frame contracts
generally do not obligate these customers to purchase any minimum or specific amounts of equipment
or services. Because their spending may be unpredictable and sporadic, our revenue and operating
results can fluctuate on a quarterly basis. Reliance upon a relatively small number of customers
increases our exposure to changes in their network and purchasing strategies. Some of our customers
are pursuing efforts to outsource the management and operation of their networks, or have indicated
a procurement strategy to reduce or rationalize the number of vendors from which they purchase
equipment. These strategies may present challenges to our business and could benefit our larger
competitors. Our concentration in revenue has increased in recent years, in part, as a result of
consolidations among a number of our largest customers. Consolidations may increase the likelihood
of temporary or indefinite reductions in customer spending or changes in network strategy that
could harm our business and operating results. The loss of one or more large service provider
customers, or a significant reduction in their spending, as a result of the factors above or
otherwise, would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

19

Our revenue and operating results can fluctuate unpredictably from quarter to quarter.

     Our revenue and results of operations can fluctuate unpredictably from quarter to quarter. Our
budgeted expense levels
depend in part on our expectations of long-term future revenue and gross margin, and
substantial reductions in expense are difficult and can take time to implement. Uncertainty or lack
of visibility into customer spending, and changes in economic or market conditions, can make it
difficult to prepare reliable estimates of future revenue and corresponding expense levels.
Consequently, our level of operating expense or inventory may be high relative to our revenue,
which could harm our ability to achieve or maintain profitability. Given market conditions and the
effect of cautious spending in recent quarters, lower levels of backlog orders and an increase in
the percentage of quarterly revenue relating to orders placed in that quarter could result in more
variability and less predictability in our quarterly results.

     Additional factors that contribute to fluctuations in our revenue and operating results
include:

•

broader economic and market conditions affecting us and our customers;

•

changes in capital spending by large communications service providers;

•

the timing and size of orders, including our ability to recognize revenue under
customer contracts;

•

variations in the mix between higher and lower margin products and services; and

•

the level of pricing pressure we encounter.

     Many factors affecting our results of operations are beyond our control, particularly in the
case of large service provider orders and multi-vendor or multi-technology network infrastructure
builds where the achievement of certain thresholds for acceptance is subject to the readiness and
performance of the customer or other providers, and changes in customer requirements or
installation plans. As a consequence, our results for a particular quarter may be difficult to
predict, and our prior results are not necessarily indicative of results likely in future periods.
The factors above may cause our revenue and operating results to fluctuate unpredictably from
quarter to quarter. These fluctuations may cause our operating results to be below the expectations
of securities analysts or investors, which may cause our stock price to decline.

We face intense competition that could hurt our sales and results of operations.

     The markets in which we compete for sales of networking equipment, software and services are
extremely competitive, particularly the market for sales to large communications service providers.
The level of competition and pricing pressure that we face increases substantially during periods
of macroeconomic weakness, constrained spending or fewer network projects. As a result of current
market conditions, we have experienced significant competition and increased pricing pressure,
particularly for our optical transport products. We face particularly intense competition in our
efforts to attract additional large carrier customers in new geographies and secure new market
opportunities with existing carrier customers. In an effort to secure attractive long-term
customers or new customers, we may agree to pricing or other terms that that result in negative
gross margins on a particular order or group of orders.

     Competition in our markets, generally, is based on any one or a combination of the following
factors: price, product features, functionality and performance, introduction of innovative network
solutions, manufacturing capability and lead-times, incumbency and existing business relationships,
scalability and the flexibility of products to meet the immediate and future network requirements
of customers. A small number of very large companies have historically dominated our industry.
These competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and marketing resources, greater
manufacturing capacity, broader product offerings and more established relationships with service
providers and other potential customers than we do. Because of their scale and resources, they may
be perceived to be better positioned to offer network operating or management service for large
carrier customers. Consolidation activity among large networking equipment providers has caused
some of our competitors to grow even larger, which may increase their strategic advantages and
adversely affect our competitive position.

     We also compete with a number of smaller companies that provide significant competition for a
specific product, application, customer segment or geographic market. Due to the narrower focus of
their efforts, these competitors may achieve commercial availability of their products more quickly
or may be more attractive to customers.

     Increased competition in our markets has resulted in aggressive business tactics, including:

•

significant price competition, particularly from competitors in Asia;

•

customer financing assistance;

•

early announcements of competing products and extensive marketing efforts;

•

competitors offering equity ownership positions to customers;

•

competitors offering to repurchase our equipment from existing customers;

20

•

marketing and advertising assistance; and

•

intellectual property assertions and disputes.

     The tactics described above can be particularly effective in an increasingly concentrated base
of potential customers such as communications service providers. If competitive pressures increase
or we fail to compete successfully in our markets, our sales and profitability would suffer.

Our reliance upon third party manufacturers exposes us to risks that could negatively affect our
business and operations.

     We rely upon third party contract manufacturers to perform the majority of the manufacturing
of our products and components. In recent years we have transitioned a significant portion of our
product manufacturing to overseas suppliers in Asia, with much of the manufacturing taking place in
China and Thailand. Some of our contract manufacturers ship products directly to our customers on
behalf of Ciena. Our reliance upon these manufacturers could expose us to increased risks related
to lead times, continued supply, on-time delivery, quality assurance and compliance with
environmental standards and other regulations. Reliance upon third parties for manufacture of our
products significantly exposes us to risks related to their business, financial position and
continued viability, which may be adversely affected by broader negative macroeconomic conditions
and difficulties in the credit markets. These conditions may disrupt their operations, result in
discontinuation of services, or result in pricing increases that affect our manufacturing
requirements. Disruptions to our business could also arise as a result of ineffective business
continuity and disaster recovery plans by our manufacturers. We do not have contracts in place with
some of our manufacturers and do not have guaranteed supply of components or manufacturing
capacity. We could also experience difficulties as a result of geopolitical events, military
actions or health pandemics in the countries where our products or components thereof are
manufactured. During the first quarter of fiscal 2009, protests resulted in a blockade of
Thailand’s main international airport, which delayed product shipments from one of our key contract
manufacturers. Significant disruptions or difficulties with our contract manufacturers could
negatively affect our business and results of operations.

Investment of research and development resources in technologies for which there is not a matching
market opportunity, or failure to sufficiently or timely invest in technologies for which there is
market demand, would adversely affect our revenue and profitability.

     The market for communications networking equipment is characterized by rapidly evolving
technologies and changes in market demand. We continually invest in research and development to
sustain or enhance our existing products and develop or acquire new products technologies. Our
current development efforts are focused upon the evolution of our CoreDirector Multiservice Optical
Switch family, the expansion of our carrier Ethernet service delivery and aggregation products, and
the extension of our CN 4200 converged optical service delivery portfolio, including 100G
technologies and capabilities. There is often a lengthy period between commencing these development
initiatives and bringing a new or revised product to market. During this time, technology
preferences, customer demand and the market for our products may move in directions we had not
anticipated. There is no guarantee that new products or enhancements will achieve market acceptance
or that the timing of market adoption will be as predicted. There is a significant possibility,
therefore, that some of our development decisions, including our acquisitions or investments in
technologies, will not turn out as anticipated, and that our investment in some projects will be
unprofitable. There is also a possibility that we may miss a market opportunity because we failed
to invest, or invested too late, in a technology, product or enhancement. Changes in market demand
or investment priorities may also cause us to discontinue existing or planned development for new
products or features, which can have a disruptive effect on our relationships with customers. If we
fail to make the right investments or fail to make them at the right time, our competitive position
may suffer and our revenue and profitability could be harmed.

Product performance problems could damage our business reputation and negatively affect our results
of operations.

     The development and production of highly technical and complex communications network
equipment is complicated. Some of our products can be fully tested only when deployed in
communications networks or when carrying traffic with other equipment. As a result, product
performance problems are often more acute for initial deployments of new products and product
enhancements. Our products have contained and may contain undetected hardware or software errors or
defects. These defects have resulted in warranty claims and additional costs to remediate.
Unanticipated problems can relate to the design, manufacturing, installation or integration of our
products. Performance problems and product malfunctions can also relate to defects in components,
software or manufacturing services supplied by third parties. Product performance, reliability and
quality problems can negatively affect our business, including:

•

increased costs to remediate software or hardware defects or replace products;

•

payment of liquidated damages or similar claims for performance failures or delays;

21

•

increased inventory obsolescence;

•

increased warranty expense or estimates resulting from higher failure rates,
additional field service obligations or other rework costs related to defects;

•

delays in recognizing revenue or collecting accounts receivable; and

•

declining sales to existing customers and order cancellations.

Product performance problems could also damage our business reputation and harm our prospects with
potential customers. These consequences of product defects or quality problems could negatively
affect our business and results of operations.

Network equipment sales to large communications service providers often involve lengthy sales
cycles and protracted contract negotiations and may require us to assume terms or conditions that
negatively affect our pricing, payment terms and the timing of revenue recognition.

     Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to maintain and expand our sales
to large communications service providers. These sales typically involve lengthy sales cycles,
protracted and sometimes difficult contract negotiations, and extensive product testing and network
certification. We are sometimes required to agree to contract terms or conditions that negatively
affect pricing, payment terms and the timing of revenue recognition in order to consummate a sale.
As a result of current market conditions, these customers may request extended payment terms,
vendor or third-party financing and other alternative purchase structures. These terms may, in
turn, negatively affect our revenue and results of operations and increase our susceptibility to
quarterly fluctuations in our results. Service providers may ultimately insist upon terms and
conditions that we deem too onerous or not in our best interest. Moreover, our purchase agreements
generally do not require that a customer guarantee any minimum purchase level and customers often
have the right to modify, delay, reduce or cancel previous orders. As a result, we may incur
substantial expense and devote time and resources to potential relationships that never materialize
or result in lower than anticipated sales.

Difficulties with third party component suppliers, including sole and limited source suppliers,
could increase our costs and harm our business and customer relationships.

     We depend on third party suppliers for our product components and subsystems, as well as for
equipment used to manufacture and test our products. Our products include key optical and
electronic components for which reliable, high-volume supply is often available from sole or
limited sources. We have previously encountered shortages in availability for important components
that have affected our ability to deliver products in a timely manner. Our business would be
negatively affected if one or more of our suppliers were to experience any significant disruption
in their operations affecting the price, quality, availability or timely delivery of components.
Current unfavorable economic conditions, including a lack of liquidity, may adversely affect the
business of our suppliers or the terms on which we purchase components. We have seen an increased
incidence of component discontinuation as suppliers alter their businesses to adjust to market
conditions. As a result of our reliance on third parties, we may be unable to secure the components
or subsystems that we require in sufficient quantity and quality on reasonable terms. The loss of a
source of supply, or lack of sufficient availability of key components, could require us to
redesign products that use those components, which would increase our costs and negatively affect
our product gross margin and results of operations. Difficulties with suppliers could also result
in lost revenue, additional product costs and deployment delays that could harm our business and
customer relationships.

We may not be successful in selling our products into new markets and developing and managing new
sales channels.

     We continue to take steps to sell our products into new geographic markets outside of our
traditional markets and to a broader customer base, including other large communications service
providers, enterprises, cable operators, wireless operators and federal, state and local
governments. We have less experience in these markets and, in order to succeed in these markets, we
believe we must develop and manage new sales channels and distribution arrangements. We expect
these relationships to be an increasingly important part of our business. This strategy may not
succeed and we may be exposed to increased expense and legal, business and financial risks
associated with entering new markets and pursuing new customer segments through channel partners.

     Part of our strategy is to pursue sales to federal, state and local governments. These sales
require compliance with complex procurement regulations with which we have limited experience. We
may be unable to increase our sales to government contractors if we determine that we cannot comply
with applicable regulations. Our failure to comply with regulations for existing contracts could
result in civil, criminal or administrative proceedings involving fines and suspension, or
exclusion, from participation in federal government contracts. Failure to manage additional sales
channels effectively would limit our ability to succeed in these new markets and could adversely
affect our ability to expand our customer base and grow our business.

22

We may experience delays in the development of our products that may negatively affect our
competitive position and business.

     Our products are based on complex technology, and we can experience unanticipated delays in
developing, manufacturing or deploying them. Each step in the development life cycle of our
products presents serious risks of failure, rework or delay, any one of which could affect the
cost-effective and timely development of our products. Intellectual property disputes, failure of
critical design elements, and other execution risks may delay or even prevent the release of these
products. Delays in product development may affect our reputation with customers and the timing and
level of demand for our products. If we do not develop and successfully introduce products in a
timely manner, our competitive position may suffer and our business, financial condition and
results of operations would be harmed.

We may be required to write off significant amounts of inventory as a result of our inventory
purchase practices, the convergence of our product lines or unfavorable macroeconomic or industry
conditions.

     To avoid delays and meet customer demand for shorter delivery terms, we place orders with our
contract manufacturers and suppliers to manufacture components and complete assemblies based on
forecasts of customer demand. As a result, our inventory purchases expose us to the risk that our
customers either will not order the products we have forecasted or will purchase fewer products
than forecasted. Unfavorable market or industry conditions can limit visibility into customer
spending plans and compound the difficulty of forecasting inventory at appropriate levels.
Moreover, our customer purchase agreements generally do not guarantee any minimum purchase level,
and customers often have the right to modify, reduce or cancel purchase quantities. As a result, we
may purchase inventory in anticipation of sales that do not occur. Historically, our inventory
write-offs have resulted from the circumstances above. As features and functionalities converge
across our product lines, and we introduce new products, however, we face an additional risk that
customers may forego purchases of one product we have inventoried in favor of another product with
similar functionality. If we are required to write off or write down a significant amount of
inventory, our results of operations for the period would be materially adversely affected.

Restructuring activities could disrupt our business and affect our results of operations.

     We have previously taken steps, including reductions in force, office closures, and internal
reorganizations to reduce the size and cost of our operations and to better match our resources
with market opportunities. We may take similar steps in the future. These changes could be
disruptive to our business and may result in the recording of accounting charges, including
inventory and technology-related write-offs, workforce reduction costs and charges relating to
consolidation of excess facilities. Substantial charges resulting from any future restructuring
activities could adversely affect our results of operations in the period in which we take such a
charge.

Our failure to manage effectively our relationships with third party service partners could
adversely impact our financial results and relationship with customers.

     We rely on a number of third party service partners, both domestic and international, to
complement our global service and support resources. We rely upon these partners for certain
maintenance and support functions, as well as the installation of our equipment in some large
network builds. In order to ensure the proper installation and maintenance of our products, we must
identify, train and certify qualified service partners. Certification can be costly and
time-consuming, and our partners often provide similar services for other companies, including our
competitors. We may not be able to manage effectively our relationships with our service partners
and cannot be certain that they will be able to deliver services in the manner or time required. If
our service partners are unsuccessful in delivering services:

•

we may suffer delays in recognizing revenue;

•

our services revenue and gross margin may be adversely affected; and

•

our relationship with customers could suffer.

Difficulties with service partners could cause us to transition a larger share of deployment and
other services from third parties to internal resources, thereby increasing our services overhead
costs and negatively affecting our services gross margin and results of operations.

We may incur significant costs as a result of our efforts to protect and enforce our intellectual
property rights or respond to claims of infringement from others.

     Our business is dependent upon the successful protection of our proprietary technology and
intellectual property. We are subject to the risk that unauthorized parties may attempt to access,
copy or otherwise obtain and use our proprietary technology, particularly as we expand our product
development into India and increase our reliance upon contract manufacturers in Asia. These and
other international operations could expose us to a lower level of intellectual property protection
than in the United States. Monitoring unauthorized use of our technology is difficult, and we
cannot be certain that

23

the steps that we are taking will prevent or minimize the risks of unauthorized use. If
competitors are able to use our technology, our ability to compete effectively could be harmed.

     From time to time we have been subject to litigation and other third party intellectual
property claims, primarily alleging patent infringement. We have also been subject to third party
claims arising as a result of our indemnification obligations to customers or resellers that
purchase our products or as a result of alleged infringement relating to third party components
that we include in our products. The frequency of these assertions is increasing as patent holders,
including entities that are not in our industry and that purchase patents as an investment, use
infringement assertions as a competitive tactic or as a source of additional revenue. Intellectual
property infringement claims can significantly divert the time and attention of our personnel and
result in costly litigation. These claims can also require us to pay substantial damages or
royalties, enter into costly license agreements or develop non-infringing technology. Accordingly,
the costs associated with intellectual property infringement claims could adversely affect our
business, results of operations and financial condition.

Our international operations could expose us to additional risks and result in increased operating
expense.

     We market, sell and service our products globally. We have established offices around the
world, including in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Latin America and the Asia Pacific
region. We have also established a major development center in India and are increasingly reliant
upon overseas suppliers, particularly in Asia, for sourcing of important components and
manufacturing of our products. Our increasingly global operations may result in increased risk to
our business and could give rise to unanticipated expense, difficulties or other effects that could
adversely affect our financial results.

     International operations are subject to inherent risks, including:

•

effects of changes in currency exchange rates;

•

greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and longer collection periods;

•

difficulties and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations;

•

the impact of economic conditions in countries outside the United States;

•

less protection for intellectual property rights in some countries;

•

adverse tax and customs consequences, particularly as related to transfer-pricing
issues;

•

social, political and economic instability;

•

higher incidence of corruption;

•

trade protection measures, export compliance, qualification to transact business and
additional regulatory requirements; and

•

natural disasters, epidemics and acts of war or terrorism.

     We expect that our international activities will be dynamic, and we may enter new markets and
withdraw from or reduce operations in others. These changes to our international operations may
require significant management attention and result in additional expense. In some countries, our
success will depend in part on our ability to form relationships with local partners. Our inability
to identify appropriate partners or reach mutually satisfactory arrangements for international
sales of our products could impact our ability to maintain or increase international market demand
for our products.

Our use and reliance upon development resources in India may expose us to unanticipated costs or
liabilities.

     We have a significant development center in India and, in recent years, have increased
headcount and development activity at this facility. There is no assurance that our reliance upon
development resources in India will enable us to achieve meaningful cost reductions or greater
resource efficiency. Further, our development efforts and other operations in India involve
significant risks, including:

•

difficulty hiring and retaining appropriate engineering resources due to intense
competition for such resources and resulting wage inflation;

•

the knowledge transfer related to our technology and resulting exposure to
misappropriation of intellectual property or information that is proprietary to us, our
customers and other third parties;

•

heightened exposure to changes in the economic, security and political conditions of
India; and

•

fluctuations in currency exchange rates and tax compliance in India.

     Difficulties resulting from the factors above and other risks related to our operations in
India could expose us to increased expense, impair our development efforts, harm our competitive
position and damage our reputation.

24

We may be exposed to unanticipated risks and additional obligations in connection with our resale
of complementary
products or technology of other companies.

     We have entered into agreements with strategic partners that permit us to distribute their
products or technology. We rely upon these relationships to add complementary products or
technologies or to fulfill an element of our product portfolio. As part of our strategy to
diversify our product portfolio and customer base, we may enter into additional original equipment
manufacturer (OEM) or resale agreements in the future. We may incur unanticipated costs or
difficulties relating to our resale of third party products. Our third party relationships could
expose us to risks associated with delays in their development, manufacturing or delivery of
products or technology. We may also be required by customers to assume warranty, indemnity, service
and other commercial obligations greater than the commitments, if any, made to us by our technology
partners. Some of our strategic partners are relatively small companies with limited financial
resources. If they are unable to satisfy their obligations to us or our customers, we may have to
expend our own resources to satisfy these obligations. Exposure to the risks above could harm our
reputation with key customers and negatively affect our business and our results of operations.

Our exposure to the credit risks of our customers and resellers may make it difficult to collect
receivables and could adversely affect our revenue and operating results.

     In the course of our sales to customers, we may have difficulty collecting receivables and
could be exposed to risks associated with uncollectible accounts. We may be exposed to similar
risks relating to third party resellers and other sales channel partners. A continued lack of
liquidity in the capital markets or a sustained period of unfavorable economic conditions may
increase our exposure to credit risks. While we monitor these situations carefully and attempt to
take appropriate measures to protect ourselves, it is possible that we may have to write down or
write off doubtful accounts. Such write-downs or write-offs could negatively affect our operating
results for the period in which they occur, and, if large, could have a material adverse effect on
our revenue and operating results.

If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, we may be unable to manage our business
effectively.

     Competition to attract and retain highly skilled technical and other personnel with experience
in our industry is increasing in intensity, and our employees have been the subject of targeted
hiring by our competitors. With respect to our engineering resources, we may find it particularly
difficult to attract and retain sufficiently skilled personnel in areas including data networking,
Ethernet service delivery and network management software engineering in certain geographic
markets. We may experience difficulty retaining and motivating existing employees and attracting
qualified personnel to fill key positions. Because we rely upon equity awards as a significant
component of compensation, particularly for our executive team, a lack of positive performance in
our stock price, reduced grant levels, or changes to our compensation program may adversely affect
our ability to attract and retain key employees. In addition, none of our executive officers is
bound by an employment agreement for any specific term. It may be difficult to replace members of
our management team or other key personnel, and the loss of such individuals could be disruptive to
our business. Because we generally do not have employment contracts with our employees, we must
rely upon providing competitive compensation packages and a high-quality work environment in order
to retain and motivate employees. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, we
may be unable to manage our business effectively.

We may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.

     Because a significant portion of our sales is denominated in U.S. dollars, an increase in the
value of the dollar could increase the real cost to our customers of our products in markets
outside the United States. In addition, we face exposure to currency exchange rates as a result of
our non-U.S. dollar denominated operating expense in Europe, Asia and Canada. In recent years, our
international operations and our reliance upon international suppliers have grown considerably. A
weakened dollar could increase the cost of local operating expenses and procurement of raw
materials where we must purchase components in foreign currencies. As a result, we may be
susceptible to negative effects of foreign exchange changes. We have previously hedged against
currency exposure associated with anticipated foreign currency cash flows and may do so in the
future. These hedging activities are intended to offset currency fluctuations on a portion of our
non-U.S. dollar denominated operating expense. There can be no assurance that these hedging
instruments will be effective in all circumstances and losses associated with these instruments may
negatively affect our results of operations.

Our products incorporate software and other technology under license from third parties and our
business would be adversely affected if this technology was no longer available to us on
commercially reasonable terms.

     We integrate third-party software and other technology into our embedded operating system,
network management system tools and other products. Licenses for this technology may not be
available or continue to be available to us on commercially reasonable terms. Third party licensors
may insist on unreasonable financial or other terms in connection with our use of such technology.
Difficulties with third party technology licensors could result in termination of such licenses,

25

which may result in significant costs and require us to obtain or develop a substitute technology.
Difficulty obtaining and
maintaining third-party technology licenses may disrupt development of our products and
increase our costs, which could harm our business.

Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our internal business processes and
information systems and modifications may disrupt our business, operating processes and internal
controls.

     The successful operation of various internal business processes and information systems is
critical to the efficient operation of our business. If these systems fail or are interrupted, our
operations may be adversely affected and operating results could be harmed. In recent years, we
have experienced considerable growth in transaction volume, headcount and reliance upon
international resources in our operations. Our business processes and information systems need to
be sufficiently scalable to support the growth of our business. To improve the efficiency of our
operations and achieve greater automation, we routinely upgrade business processes and information
systems. Significant changes to our processes and systems expose us to a number of operational
risks. These changes may be costly and disruptive, and could impose substantial demands on
management time. These changes may also require the modification of a number of internal control
procedures. Any material disruption, malfunction or similar problems with our business processes or
information systems, or the transition to new processes and systems, could have a negative effect
on the operation of our business and our results of operations.

Strategic acquisitions and investments may expose us to increased costs and unexpected liabilities.

     We may acquire or make strategic investments in other companies to expand the markets we
address, diversify our customer base or acquire or accelerate the development of technology or
products. To do so, we may use cash, issue equity that would dilute our current stockholders’
ownership, incur debt or assume indebtedness. These transactions involve numerous risks, including:

•

significant integration costs;

•

integration and rationalization of operations, products, technologies and personnel;

•

diversion of management’s attention;

•

difficulty completing projects of the acquired company and costs related to in-process
projects;

•

the loss of key employees;

•

ineffective internal controls over financial reporting;

•

dependence on unfamiliar suppliers or manufacturers;

•

exposure to unanticipated liabilities, including intellectual property infringement
claims; and

•

adverse tax or accounting effects including amortization expense related to intangible
assets and charges associated with impairment of goodwill.

     As a result of these and other risks, our acquisitions or strategic investments may not reap
the intended benefits and may ultimately have a negative impact on our business, results of
operation and financial condition.

Changes in government regulation affecting the communications industry and the businesses of our
customers could harm our prospects and operating results.

     The Federal Communications Commission, or FCC, has jurisdiction over the U.S. communications
industry and similar agencies have jurisdiction over the communication industries in other
countries. Many of our largest customers are subject to the rules and regulations of these
agencies. Changes in regulatory requirements in the United States or other countries could inhibit
service providers from investing in their communications network infrastructures or introducing new
services. These changes could adversely affect the sale of our products and services. Changes in
regulatory tariff requirements or other regulations relating to pricing or terms of carriage on
communications networks could slow the development or expansion of network infrastructures and
adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition.

Governmental regulations affecting the import or export of products, and environmental regulations
relating to our products, could negatively affect our revenues.

     The United States and various foreign governments have imposed controls, export license
requirements and restrictions on the import or export of some technologies. Governmental regulation
of imports or exports, or our failure to obtain required import or export approval for our
products, could harm our international and domestic sales and adversely affect our revenues.
Failure to comply with such regulations could result in penalties, costs and restrictions on export
privileges. In addition, our operations may be negatively affected by environmental regulations,
such as the Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) and Restriction of the Use of Certain
Hazardous Substances in Electrical and Electronic

26

Equipment (RoHS) that have been adopted by the
European Union. Compliance with these and similar environmental regulations may increase our cost
of building and selling our products, make it difficult to obtain supply of compliant components or
require
us to write off non-compliant inventory, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business and operating results.

We may be required to write down long-lived assets and a significant impairment charge would
adversely affect our operating results.

     At October 31, 2009, we had $154.7 million in long-lived assets, which includes $60.8 million
of intangible assets on our balance sheet. Valuation of our long-lived assets requires us to make
assumptions about future sales prices and sales volumes for our products. Our assumptions are used
to forecast future, undiscounted cash flows. Given the current economic environment, uncertainties
regarding the duration and severity of these conditions, forecasting future business is difficult
and subject to modification. If actual market conditions differ or our forecasts change, we may be
required to reassess long-lived assets and could record an impairment charge. Any impairment
charge relating to long-lived assets would have the effect of decreasing our earnings or
increasing our losses in such period. If we are required to take a substantial impairment charge,
our operating results could be materially adversely affected in such period.

Failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could have a material
adverse effect on our business, operating results and stock price.

     Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we include in our annual report a
report containing management’s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over
financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year and a statement as to whether or not such
internal controls are effective. Compliance with these requirements has resulted in, and is likely
to continue to result in, significant costs and the commitment of time and operational resources.
Changes in our business will necessitate ongoing modifications to our internal control systems,
processes and information systems. Increases in our global operations or expansion into new regions
could pose additional challenges to our internal control systems as these operations become more
significant. We cannot be certain that our current design for internal control over financial
reporting will be sufficient to enable management or our independent registered public accounting
firm to determine that our internal controls are effective for any period, or on an ongoing basis.
If we or our independent registered public accounting firms are unable to assert that our internal
controls over financial reporting are effective, our business may be harmed. Market perception of
our financial condition and the trading price of our stock may be adversely affected, and customer
perception of our business may suffer.

Obligations associated with our outstanding indebtedness on our convertible notes may adversely
affect our business.

     At October 31, 2009, indebtedness on our outstanding convertible notes totaled $798.0 million
in aggregate principal. Our indebtedness and repayment obligations could have important negative
consequences, including:

•

increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions;

•

limiting our ability to obtain additional financing, particularly in light of
unfavorable conditions in the credit markets;

•

reducing the availability of cash resources for other purposes, including capital
expenditures;

•

limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and
the markets in which we compete; and

•

placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage to competitors that have better
access to capital resources.

     We may also add additional indebtedness such as equipment loans, working capital lines of
credit and other long-term debt.

Our stock price is volatile.

     Our common stock price has experienced substantial volatility in the past and may remain
volatile in the future. Volatility in our stock price can arise as a result of a number of the
factors discussed in this “Risk Factors” section. During fiscal 2009, our stock price ranged from a
high of $16.64 per share to a low of $4.98 per share. The stock market has experienced extreme
price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies,
with such volatility often unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. Divergence
between our actual or anticipated financial results and published expectations of analysts can
cause significant swings in our stock price. Our stock price can also be affected by announcements
that we, our competitors, or our customers may make, particularly announcements related to
acquisitions or other significant transactions. Our common stock is included in a number of market
indices and any change in the composition of these indices to exclude our company would adversely
affect our stock price. On December 18, 2009, we were removed from the S&P 500, a widely-followed
index. These factors, as well as conditions affecting the general economy or financial markets, may
materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock in the future.

27