Investing in our securities involves a high degree of risk. In addition to the other
information contained in this report, you should consider the following risk factors before
investing in our securities.

Our ability to grow our business and increase revenue depends upon continued growth of
communications network traffic and the adoption of communications services and applications by
enterprise and consumer end users.

     We have experienced considerable annual revenue growth over the past two fiscal years, in
part, due to growing demand and improved conditions in our markets. The growth of our business and
revenue is dependent upon a number of market factors, including the continued growth of
communications network traffic and increased reliance by consumers and businesses upon
high-capacity communications services. We believe our business has benefitted from increases in the
amount of data transmitted over communications networks and the desire among service providers to
address capacity needs and offer additional consumer and enterprise services over more efficient,
economical network architectures. There is no assurance that that these improved market conditions
or our success in competing in these markets will continue. If growth in demand for bandwidth, or
the adoption of new communications services, does not continue, or slows, the growth of our
business and our revenues would be negatively impacted.

A small number of communications service provider customers account for a significant portion of
our revenue and the loss of any of these customers, or a significant reduction in their spending,
would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

     Our revenue has become increasingly concentrated among a relatively small number of customers.
AT&T accounted for 25.3%, and Sprint for 12.8% of our fiscal 2007 revenue. The loss of, or
significant reductions in spending by, one or more of our large customers would have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Our increased
concentration in revenue has been affected, in part, by consolidations among a number of our
largest customers. These consolidations have resulted in increased concentration of customer
purchasing power, which in turn may lead to constraints on pricing, fluctuations in revenue,
increases in costs to meet demands of large customers and pressure to accept onerous contract
terms. Consolidation may result in fewer opportunities to participate in larger network builds and
could increase our exposure to changes in customer network strategy and reductions in customer
capital expenditures. In addition, because a significant part of our revenue remains concentrated
among telecommunications service providers, our business could be exposed to risks associated with
a market-wide change in business prospects, competitive pressures or other conditions affecting our
carrier customers.

We face intense competition that could hurt our sales and profitability.

     The markets in which we compete for sales of networking equipment, software and services are
extremely competitive, particularly the market for sales to communications service providers.
Competition in these markets is based on any one or a combination of the following factors: price,
product features and functionality, manufacturing capability and lead-times, incumbency and
existing business relationships, scalability and the ability of products to meet the immediate and
future network requirements of customers. A small number of very large companies has historically
dominated our industry. These competitors have substantially greater financial, technical and
marketing resources, greater manufacturing capacity and better established relationships with
telecommunications carriers and other potential customers than we do. Recent consolidation activity
among large networking equipment providers has caused some of our competitors to grow even larger,
which may increase their strategic advantages. In 2006, Alcatel acquired Lucent, Nokia and Siemens
combined their communications service provider businesses to create a new joint venture, and
Ericsson acquired certain telecommunications business assets of Marconi. These transactions may
adversely affect our competitive position.

     We also compete with a number of smaller companies that provide significant competition for a
specific product, application, customer segment or geographic market. These competitors often base
their products on the latest available technologies. Due to the narrower focus of their efforts,
these competitors may achieve commercial availability of their products more quickly and may be
more attractive to customers.

     Increased competition in our markets has resulted in aggressive business tactics, including:

•

“one-stop shopping” options;

•

significant price competition, particularly from competitors in Asia;

•

customer financing assistance;

•

early announcements of competing products and extensive marketing efforts;

13

•

competitors offering equity ownership positions to customers;

•

competitors offering to repurchase our equipment from existing customers;

•

marketing and advertising assistance; and

•

intellectual property assertions and disputes.

     The tactics described above can be particularly effective in an increasingly concentrated base
of potential customers such as telecommunications service providers. If we fail to compete
successfully in our markets, our sales and profitability would suffer.

Our revenue and operating results can fluctuate unpredictably from quarter to quarter.

     Our revenue can fluctuate unpredictably from quarter to quarter. Fluctuations in our revenue
can lead to even greater fluctuations in our operating results. Our budgeted expense levels depend
in part on our expectations of future revenue. Any substantial adjustment to expense in order to
account for lower levels of revenue is difficult and takes time. Consequently, if our revenue
declines, our levels of inventory, operating expense and general overhead would be high relative to
revenue, and this could result in operating losses.

     Other factors contribute to fluctuations in our revenue and operating results, including:

•

the level of demand for our products and the timing and size of customer orders,
particularly from large telecommunications carrier customers;

•

satisfaction of contractual acceptance criteria and related revenue recognition requirements;

•

delays, changes to or cancellation of orders from customers;

•

the effects of consolidation of our customers, including increased exposure to any
changes in network strategy and reductions in customer capital expenditures;

•

the availability of an adequate supply of components and sufficient manufacturing
capacity;

•

the introduction of new products by us or our competitors;

•

readiness of customer sites for installation; and

•

changes in general economic conditions as well as those specific to our market segments.

     Many of these factors are beyond our control, particularly in the case of large carrier orders
and multi-vendor or multi-technology network infrastructure builds where the achievement of certain
performance thresholds for acceptance is subject to the readiness and performance of the customer
or other providers, and changes in customer requirements or installation plans. As a consequence,
our revenue and operating results for a particular quarter may be difficult to predict and our
prior results are not necessarily indicative of results likely in future periods. Any one or a
combination of the factors above may cause our revenue and operating results to fluctuate from
quarter to quarter.

Our gross margin may fluctuate from quarter to quarter which may adversely affect our level of
profitability.

     Our gross margin fluctuates from quarter to quarter and may be adversely affected by numerous
factors, including:

 •

customer, product and service mix in any period;

 •

the effect of our services gross margin, which is generally lower than our product
gross margin;

 •

sales volume during the period;

 •

increased price competition;

 •

charges for excess or obsolete inventory;

 •

changes in the price or availability of components for our products;

14

 •

our ability to continue to reduce product manufacturing costs;

 •

introduction of new products, with initial sales at relatively small volumes with
resulting higher production costs; and

 •

increased warranty or repair costs.

     The factors that contribute to fluctuations in revenue and operating results can also
significantly affect our gross margin. Fluctuations in gross margin may affect our level of
profitability in any period. As a consequence, our gross margin for a particular quarter may be
difficult to predict, and our prior results are not necessarily indicative of results likely in
future periods.

Network equipment sales to large communications service providers often involve lengthy sales
cycles and protracted contract negotiations and may require us to assume terms or conditions that
negatively affect our pricing, payment terms and the timing of revenue recognition.

     Our future success will depend in large part on our ability to maintain and expand our sales
to large communications service providers. These sales typically involve lengthy sales cycles,
protracted or difficult contract negotiations, and extensive product testing and network
certification. We are sometimes required to assume contract terms or conditions that negatively
affect pricing, payment terms and the timing of revenue recognition in order to consummate a sale.
These terms may, in turn, negatively affect our revenue and results of operations and increase our
susceptibility to quarterly fluctuations in our results. Communications service providers may
ultimately insist upon terms and conditions that we deem too onerous or not in our best interest.
Moreover, our purchase agreements generally do not require that a customer guarantee any minimum
purchase level and customers often have the right to modify, delay, reduce or cancel previous
orders. As a result, we may incur substantial expense and devote time and resources to potential
relationships that never materialize or result in lower than anticipated sales.

Investment of research and development resources in technologies for which there is not a matching
market opportunity, or failure to sufficiently or timely invest in technologies for which there is
market demand, would adversely affect our revenue and profitability.

     The market for communications networking equipment is characterized by rapidly evolving
technologies and changes in market demand. To succeed in this market, we are continually investing
research and development resources into the enhancement of our existing products, the creation of
new products and the development or acquisition of new technologies. There is often a lengthy
period between commencing these development initiatives and bringing the new or revised product to
market, and, during this time, technology or the market may move in directions we had not
anticipated. There is a significant possibility, therefore, that at least some of our development
decisions will not turn out as anticipated, and that our investment in a project will be
unprofitable. There is also a possibility that we may miss a market opportunity because we fail to
invest, or invest too late, in a new product or an enhancement of an existing product that could
have been highly profitable. Changes in the market may also cause us to discontinue previously
planned investments in products, which can have a disruptive effect on relationships with customers
that were anticipating the availability of a new product or feature. If we fail to make the right
investments and to make them at the right time, our competitive position may suffer and our revenue
and profitability could be harmed.

We may be exposed to unanticipated risks and additional obligations in connection with our resale
of complementary products or technology of other companies.

     We have entered into agreements with strategic partners that permit us to distribute their
products or technology. We rely upon these relationships to add complementary products or
technologies or to fulfill an element of our product portfolio. As part of our strategy to
diversify our product portfolio and customer base, we may enter into additional original equipment
manufacturer (OEM) or resale agreements in the future. We may incur unanticipated costs or
difficulties relating to our resale of third party products. Our third party relationships could
expose us to risks associated with delays in their development, manufacturing or delivery of
products or technology. We may also be required by customers to assume warranty, service and other
commercial obligations greater than the commitments, if any, made to us by these technology
partners. Some of our strategic partners are relatively small companies with limited financial
resources. If they are unable to satisfy their obligations to us or our customers, we may have to
expend our own resources to satisfy these obligations. Exposure to the risks above could harm our
reputation with key customers and negatively affect our business and our results of operations.

15

Product performance problems could damage our business reputation and negatively affect our results
of operations.

     The development and production of
equipment that addresses rapidly growing, multi-service
communications network traffic is complicated. Due to their complexity, some of our products can be
fully tested only when deployed in communications networks or with other equipment. As a result,
new products or product enhancements can contain undetected hardware or software errors at the time
of release. We have introduced new or upgraded products recently and expect to continue to enhance
and extend our product portfolio. Product performance problems are often more acute for initial
deployments of new products and product enhancements. Unanticipated problems can relate to the
design, manufacturing, installation or integration of our products. If we experience significant
performance, reliability or quality problems with our products, or our customers suffer significant
network restoration delays relating to these problems, a number of negative effects on our business
could result, including:

•

increased costs to address software or hardware defects;

•

payment of liquidated damages or claims for damages for performance failures or delays;

•

increased inventory obsolescence and warranty expense;

•

delays in collecting accounts receivable;

•

cancellation or reduction in orders from customers; and

•

damage to our reputation or legal actions by customers or end users.

     Product performance problems could damage our business reputation and negatively affect our
business and results of operations.

We may be required to write off significant amounts of inventory as a result of our inventory
purchase practices, the convergence of our product lines and our supplier transitions.

     To avoid delays and meet customer demand for shorter delivery terms, we place orders with our
contract manufacturers and suppliers to manufacture components and complete assemblies based on
forecasts of customer demand. As a result, our inventory purchases expose us to the risk that our
customers either will not order those products for which we have forecasted sales or will purchase
fewer than the number of products we have forecasted. Our purchase agreements generally do not
require that a customer guarantee any minimum purchase level, and customers often have the right to
modify, reduce or cancel purchase quantities. As a result, we may purchase inventory based on
forecasted sales and in anticipation of purchases that never come to fruition. Historically, our
inventory write-offs have resulted from the circumstances above. As features and functionalities
converge across our product lines, however, we face an increased risk that customers may elect to
forego purchases of one product we have inventoried in favor of purchasing another product with
similar functionality or application. We may be exposed to write-offs due to significant inventory
purchases that we deem necessary as we transition from one supplier to another, or resulting from a
supplier’s decision to discontinue the manufacture of certain components. We may also be required
to write off inventory as a result of the effect of evolving domestic and international
environmental regulations. If we are required to write off or write down a significant amount of
inventory due to the factors above or otherwise, our results of operations for the period would be
materially adversely affected.

Shortages in component supply or manufacturing capacity could increase our costs, adversely affect
our results of operations and constrain our ability to grow our business.

     As we have expanded our use of contract manufacturers, broadened our product portfolio and
increased sales volume in recent years, manufacturing capacity and supply constraints have become
increasingly significant issues for us. We have encountered component shortages that have affected
our operations and ability to deliver products in a timely manner. Growth in customer demand for
the communications networking products supplied by us, our competitors and other third parties, has
resulted in supply constraints among providers of some components used in our products. In
addition, environmental regulations, such as RoHS, have resulted in, and may continue to give rise
to, increased demand for compliant components. As a result, we may experience delays or difficulty
obtaining compliant components from suppliers. Component shortages and manufacturing capacity
constraints may also arise, or be exacerbated by difficulties with our suppliers or contract
manufacturers, or our failure to adequately forecast our component or manufacturing needs. If
shortages or delays occur or persist, the price of required components may increase, or the
components may not be available at all. If we are unable to secure the components or subsystems
that we require at reasonable prices, or are unable to secure adequate manufacturing capacity, we
may experience delivery delays and may be unable to satisfy our contractual obligations to
customers. These delays may cause us to incur liquidated damages to customers and negatively affect
our revenue and gross margin. Shortages
in component supply or manufacturing capacity could also limit our opportunities to pursue
additional growth or revenue opportunities and could harm our business reputation and customer
relationships.

16

We may not be successful in selling our products into new markets and developing and managing new
sales channels.

     We continue to take steps to sell our expanded product portfolio into new geographic markets
and to a broader customer base, including enterprises, cable operators, wireless operators and
federal, state and local governments. We have less experience in these markets and believe, in
order to succeed in these markets, we must develop and manage new sales channels and distribution
arrangements. We expect these relationships to be an increasingly important part of the growth of
our business and our efforts to increase revenue. We may not be successful in reaching additional
customer segments or expanding into new geographic regions and may be exposed to increased expense
and business and financial risks associated with entering new markets and pursuing new customer
segments. We may expend time, money and other resources on channel relationships that are
ultimately unsuccessful. In addition, sales to federal, state and local governments require
compliance with complex procurement regulations with which we have little experience. We may be
unable to increase our sales to government contractors if we determine that we cannot comply with
applicable regulations. Our failure to comply with regulations for existing contracts could result
in civil, criminal or administrative proceedings involving fines and suspension, or exclusion from
participation in federal government contracts. Failure to manage additional sales channels
effectively would limit our ability to succeed in these new markets and could adversely affect our
ability to grow our customer base and revenue.

We may experience delays in the development and enhancement of our products that may negatively
affect our competitive position and business.

     To remain competitive, we must continue to enhance existing product platforms by adding new
features and functionality and introduce new products. Because our products are based on complex
technology, we can experience unanticipated delays in developing, improving, manufacturing or
deploying them. Each step in the development life cycle of our products presents serious risks of
failure, rework or delay, any one of which could decrease the timing and cost-effective development
of such products and could affect customer acceptance of such products. Unexpected intellectual
property disputes, failure of critical design elements, and other execution risks may delay or even
prevent the introduction of these products. Our development efforts may also be affected,
particularly in the near term, by the transfer of some of our research and development activity to
our facility in India. Modification of research and development strategies and changes in
allocation of resources could also be disruptive to our development efforts. If we do not develop
and successfully introduce products in a timely manner, our competitive position may suffer and our
business, financial condition and results of operations would be harmed.

We must manage our relationships with contract manufacturers effectively to ensure that our
manufacturing and production requirements are met.

     We rely on contract manufacturers to perform the majority of the manufacturing operations for
our products and components and we are increasingly utilizing overseas suppliers, particularly in
Asia. The qualification of our contract manufacturers is a costly and time-consuming process, and
these manufacturers build products for other companies, including our competitors. We are
constantly reviewing our manufacturing capability, including the work of our contract
manufacturers, to ensure that our production requirements are met in terms of cost, capacity,
quality and reliability. From time to time, we may decide to transfer the manufacturing of a
product from one contract manufacturer to another, to better meet our production needs. Efforts to
transfer to a new contract manufacturer or consolidate our use of suppliers may result in temporary
increases in inventory volumes purchased in order to ensure continued supply. We may not
effectively manage these contract manufacturer transitions, and our new contract manufacturers may
not perform as well as expected. Our reliance upon contract manufacturers could also expose us to
risks that could harm our business related to difficulties with lead times, on-time delivery,
quality assurance and product changes required to meet evolving environmental standards and
regulations. These risks can result in strategic harm to our business, including delays affecting
our time to market for new or enhanced products. In addition, we do not have contracts in place
with some of these providers and do not have guaranteed supply of components or manufacturing
capacity. Our inability to effectively manage our relationships with our contract manufacturers,
particularly overseas, could negatively affect our business and results of operations.

We depend on sole and limited source suppliers for some of our product components and the loss of a
source, or a lack of availability of key components, could increase our costs and harm our customer
relationships.

     We depend on a limited number of suppliers for our product components and subsystems, as well
as for equipment used to manufacture and test our products. Our products include several components
for which reliable, high-volume suppliers are particularly limited. Some key optical and electronic
components we use in our products are currently available only from sole or limited sources. As a
result of this concentration in our supply chain, particularly for optical components, our business
would be negatively affected if our suppliers were to experience any significant disruption in
their operations affecting the
price, quality, availability or timely delivery of components. Concentration in our supply chain
can exacerbate our exposure to risks associated with vendors’ discontinuing the manufacture of
certain components for our products. The loss of a source of supply, or lack of sufficient
availability of key components, could require us to redesign products that use those components,
which would increase our costs and negatively affect our product gross margin. The partial or
complete loss of a sole or limited source supplier could result in lost revenue, added costs and
deployment delays that could harm our business and customer relationships.

17

Our failure to manage our relationships with service delivery partners effectively could adversely
impact our financial results and relationship with customers.

     We rely on a number of service delivery partners, both domestic and international, to
complement our global service and support resources. We rely upon third party service delivery
partners for the installation of our equipment in some large network builds. These projects often
include onerous customization, installation, testing and acceptance terms. In order to ensure the
timely installation of our products and satisfaction of obligations to our customers, we must
identify, train and certify our partners. The certification of these partners can be costly and
time-consuming, and these partners provide similar services for other companies, including our
competitors. We may not be able to effectively manage our relationships with our partners and
cannot be certain that they will be able to deliver services in the manner or time required. If our
service partners are unsuccessful in delivering services:

•

we may suffer delays in recognizing revenue;

•

our services revenue and gross margin may be adversely affected; and

•

our relationship with customers could suffer.

Difficulties with service delivery partners could cause us to transition a larger share of
deployment and other services from third parties to internal resources, thereby increasing our
service overhead costs and negatively affecting our services gross margin and results of
operations.

We may incur significant costs and our competitive position may suffer as a result of our efforts
to protect and enforce our intellectual property rights or respond to claims of infringement from
others.

     Our business is dependent upon the successful protection of our proprietary technology and
intellectual property. We are subject to the risk that unauthorized parties may attempt to access,
copy or otherwise obtain and use our proprietary technology, particularly as we expand our product
development into India and increase our reliance upon contract manufacturers in Asia. These and
other international operations could expose us to a lower level of intellectual property protection
than in the United States. Monitoring unauthorized use of our technology is difficult, and we
cannot be certain that the steps that we are taking will prevent or minimize the risks of
unauthorized use. If competitors are able to use our technology, our ability to compete effectively
could be harmed.

     In recent years, we have filed suit to enforce our intellectual property rights. From time to
time we have also been subject to litigation and other third party intellectual property claims,
including as a result of our indemnification obligations to customers or resellers that purchase
our products. The frequency of these assertions is increasing as patent holders, including entities
that are not in our industry and that purchase patents as an investment or to monetize such rights
by obtaining royalties, use infringement assertions as a competitive tactic and a source of
additional revenue. Intellectual property claims can significantly divert the time and attention of
our personnel and result in costly litigation. Intellectual property infringement claims can also
require us to pay substantial damages or royalties, enter into costly license agreements or develop
non-infringing technology. Accordingly, the costs associated with third party intellectual property
claims could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Our international operations could expose us to additional risks and result in increased operating
expense.

     We market, sell and service our products globally. We have established offices around the
world, including in North America, Europe, Latin America and the Asia Pacific region. We have also
established a major development center in India and are increasingly relying upon overseas
suppliers, particularly in Asia, for sourcing of components and contract manufacturing of our
products. We expect that our international activities will be dynamic in the near term, and we may
enter new markets and withdraw from or reduce operations in others. These changes to our
international operations may require significant management attention and result in additional
expense. In some countries, our success will depend in part on our ability to form relationships
with local partners. Our inability to identify appropriate partners or reach mutually satisfactory
arrangements for international sales of our products could impact our ability to maintain or
increase international market demand for our products.

     International operations are subject to inherent risks, including:

•

effects of changes in currency exchange rates;

•

greater difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and longer collection periods;

•

difficulties and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations;

•

the impact of economic changes in countries outside the United States;

18

•

less protection for intellectual property rights in some countries;

•

adverse tax and customs consequences, particularly as related to transfer-pricing issues;

•

social, political and economic instability;

•

trade protection measures, export compliance, qualification to transact business and
other regulatory requirements; and

•

natural disasters and epidemics.

     These and other factors related to our international operations may result in increased risk
to our business and could give rise to unanticipated expense or other effects that could adversely
affect our financial results.

Our use and reliance upon development resources in India may expose us to unanticipated costs or
liabilities.

     We have established a development center in India and expect to continue to increase hiring of
personnel for this facility. There is no assurance that our reliance upon development resources in
India will enable us to achieve meaningful cost reductions or greater resource efficiency. Further,
our development efforts and other operations in India involve significant risks, including:

•

difficulty hiring and retaining appropriate engineering resources due to intense
competition for such resources and resulting wage inflation;

•

the knowledge transfer related to our technology and exposure to misappropriation of
intellectual property or confidential information, including information that is
proprietary to us, our customers and other third parties;

•

heightened exposure to changes in the economic, security and political conditions of India;

•

fluctuation in currency exchange rates and tax risks associated with international
operations; and

•

development efforts that do not meet our requirements because of language, cultural or
other differences associated with international operations, resulting in errors or delays.

     Difficulties resulting from the factors above and other risks related to our operations in
India could expose us to increased expense, impair our development efforts, harm our competitive
position and damage our reputation.

Our exposure to the credit risks of our customers and resellers may make it difficult to collect
receivables and could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.

     In the course of our sales to customers, we may have difficulty collecting receivables and
could be exposed to risks associated with uncollectible accounts. We may be exposed to similar
risks relating to third party resellers and other sales channel partners. While we monitor these
situations carefully and attempt to take appropriate measures to protect ourselves, it is possible
that we may have to write down or write off doubtful accounts. Such write-downs or write-offs could
negatively affect our operating results for the period in which they occur, and, if large, could
have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.

Efforts to restructure our operations and align our resources with market opportunities could
disrupt our business and affect our results of operations.

     Over the last several years, we have taken steps, including reductions in force, office
closures, and internal reorganizations to reduce the size and cost of our operations and to better
match our resources with our market opportunities. We may take similar steps in the future to
improve efficiency and match our resources with market opportunities. Any such changes could be
disruptive to our business and may result in the recording of accounting charges. These include
inventory and technology-related write-offs, workforce reduction costs and charges relating to
consolidation of excess facilities. If we
are required to take a substantial charge related to any future restructuring activities, our
results of operations would be adversely affected in the period in which we take such a charge.

If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, we may be unable to manage our business
effectively.

     Competition to attract and retain highly skilled technical and other personnel with experience
in our industry is increasing in intensity, and our employees have been the subject of targeted
hiring by our competitors. We may experience difficulty retaining and motivating existing employees
and attracting qualified personnel to fill key positions. It may be difficult to replace members of
our management team or other key personnel, and the loss of such individuals could be disruptive to
our business. Because we generally do not have employment contracts with our employees, we must
rely upon providing competitive compensation packages and a high-quality work environment in order
to retain and motivate employees. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified personnel, we
may be unable to manage our business effectively.

19

We may be adversely affected by fluctuations in currency exchange rates.

     To date, we have not significantly hedged against foreign currency fluctuations. Historically,
our primary exposure to currency exchange rates has been related to non-U.S. dollar denominated
operating expense in Europe, Asia and Canada where we sell primarily in U.S. dollars. With the
growth of our international headcount, we have witnessed increases in operating expense resulting
from the weakening of the U.S. dollar. We expect these risks to continue as we further increase
headcount in India.

     As we increase our international sales and utilization of international suppliers, we may
transact additional business in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As a result, we will be
subject to the possibility of greater effects of foreign exchange translation on our financial
statements. For those countries outside the United States where we have significant sales, a
devaluation in the local currency would make our products more expensive for customers to purchase
or increase our operating costs, thereby adversely affecting our competitiveness. There can be no
assurance that exchange rate fluctuations in the future will not have a material adverse effect on
our revenue from international sales and, consequently, our business, operating results and
financial condition.

Strategic acquisitions and investments may expose us to increased costs and unexpected liabilities.

     We may acquire or make strategic investments in other companies to expand the markets we
address and diversify our customer base. We may also engage in these transactions to acquire or
accelerate the development of technology or products. To do so, we may use cash, issue equity that
would dilute our current shareholders’ ownership, incur debt or assume indebtedness. These
transactions involve numerous risks, including:

•

difficulty integrating the operations, technologies and products of the acquired companies;

•

diversion of management’s attention;

•

difficulty completing projects of the acquired company and costs related to in-process
projects;

•

the loss of key employees of the acquired company;

•

amortization expenses related to intangible assets and charges associated with
impairment of goodwill;

•

ineffective internal controls over financial reporting;

•

dependence on unfamiliar supply partners; and

•

exposure to unanticipated liabilities, including intellectual property infringement claims.

     As a result of these and other risks, any acquisitions or strategic investments may not reap
the intended benefits and may ultimately have a negative impact on our business, results of
operation and financial condition.

Changes in government regulation could lead our customers to reduce investment in their
communications networks which would reduce the size of our market and could adversely affect our
business.

     The Federal Communications Commission, or FCC, has jurisdiction over the U.S. communications
industry and similar agencies have jurisdiction over the communication industries in other
countries. Many of our most important customers are subject to the rules and regulations of these
agencies. Changes in regulatory requirements in the United States or other countries could inhibit
service providers from investing in their communications network infrastructures and thus could
adversely affect the sale of our products. Changes in regulatory tariff requirements or other
regulations relating to pricing or terms of carriage on communications networks could slow the
expansion of network infrastructures and adversely affect our business, operating results, and
financial condition.

The investment of our substantial cash balance and our investments in marketable debt securities
are subject to risks which may cause losses and affect the liquidity of these investments.

     At October 31, 2007, we had $892.1 million in cash and cash equivalents and $856.1 million in
investments in marketable debt securities. We have historically invested these amounts in corporate
bonds, asset-backed obligations, commercial paper, securities issued by the United States,
certificates of deposit and money market funds meeting certain

20

criteria. These investments are
subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks, which may be exacerbated by
U.S. sub-prime mortgage defaults that have affected various sectors of the financial markets and
caused credit and liquidity issues. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007, we determined that
declines in the fair value of certain of our investments in commercial paper issued by two
structured investment vehicles (SIVs) were other-than-temporary. Each of these SIVs entered
receivership during our fourth quarter of fiscal 2007 and subsequently failed to make payment at
maturity. As of October 31, 2007, we recognized realized losses of $13.0 million related to these investments
and estimated the fair value of these investments at $33.9 million. See “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Critical Accounting Policies –
Investments” in Item 7 of Part II of this report for
more information about this loss and our determination of the fair value of these
investments at October 31, 2007.
We may recognize further realized losses in the fair
value of these investments or a complete loss of these investments. Additional
losses would have a negative effect on our net income. Information
and the markets relating to investments that hold mortgage-related assets as collateral remain dynamic. There may be further
declines in the value of these investments and the value of the collateral held by these entities. As a result, we may experience a reduction in value or loss of liquidity
of other investments. In addition, should our other investments cease paying or reduce the amount of interest paid to us, our interest income would suffer. These market risks associated with our investment portfolio may have a negative
adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition.

We may be required to take further write-downs of goodwill and other intangible assets.

     As of October 31, 2007, we had $232.0 million of goodwill on our balance sheet. This amount
primarily represents the remaining excess of the total purchase price of our acquisitions over the
fair value of the net assets acquired. At October 31, 2007, we had $67.1 million of other
intangible assets on our balance sheet. The amount primarily reflects purchased technology from our
acquisitions. At October 31, 2007, goodwill and other intangible assets represented approximately
12.4% of our total assets. During the fourth quarter of 2005, we incurred a goodwill impairment
charge of approximately $176.6 million and an impairment of other intangibles of $45.7 million. If
we are required to record additional impairment charges related to goodwill and other intangible
assets, such charges would have the effect of decreasing our earnings or increasing our losses in
such period. If we are required to take a substantial impairment charge, our operating results
could be materially adversely affected in such period.

Failure to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting could have a material
adverse effect on our business, operating results and stock price.

     Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires that we include in our annual report a
report containing management’s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over
financial reporting as of the end of our fiscal year and a statement as to whether or not such
internal controls are effective. Compliance with these requirements has resulted in, and is likely
to continue to result in, significant costs and the commitment of time and operational resources.
Growth of our business, including our broader product portfolio and increased transaction volume,
will necessitate ongoing changes to our internal control systems, processes and information
systems. Our increasingly global operations, including our development facility in India and
offices abroad, will pose additional challenges to our internal control systems as their operations
become more significant. We cannot be certain that our current design for internal control over
financial reporting will be sufficient to enable management or our independent registered public
accounting firm to determine that our internal controls are effective for any period, or on an
ongoing basis. If we or our independent registered public accounting firms are unable to assert
that our internal controls over financial reporting are effective our business may be harmed.
Market perception of our financial condition and the trading price of our stock may be adversely
affected, and customer perception of our business may suffer.

Obligations associated with our outstanding indebtedness on our convertible notes may adversely
affect our business.

     At October 31, 2007, indebtedness on our outstanding convertible notes totaled $1.3 billion in
aggregate principal, of which $542.3 million in aggregate principal amount on our 3.75% convertible
notes becomes due and payable on February 1, 2008. Our indebtedness and repayment obligations could
have important negative consequences, including:

•

increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

•

limiting our ability to obtain additional financing;

•

reducing the availability of cash resources for other purposes, including capital
expenditures;

•

limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and
the markets in which we compete; and

•

placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage to competitors that have better
access to capital resources.

     We may also add additional indebtedness such as equipment loans, working capital lines of
credit and other long term debt.

21

Our business is dependent upon the proper functioning of our information systems and upgrading
these systems may result in disruption to our business, operating processes and internal controls.

     The efficient operation of our business is dependent on the successful operation of our
information systems. In particular, we rely on our information systems to process financial
information, manage inventory and administer our sales transactions. In an effort to improve the
efficiency of our operations, achieve greater automation and support the growth of our business, we
are in the process of upgrading certain information systems and have recently implemented a new
version of our Oracle management information system. We anticipate that we will have to modify a
number of operational processes and internal control procedures as a result of this upgrade. Any
material disruption, malfunction or similar problems with our information systems could have a
negative effect on our business and results of operations in the period affected. In addition, in
recent years, we have experienced considerable growth in transaction volume, headcount and reliance
upon international resources in our operations. Our information systems need to be sufficiently
scalable to support the continued growth of our operations and the efficient management of
our business. If our information system resources are inadequate, we
may be required to undertake costly upgrades and the growth of our business could be harmed.

Our stock price is volatile.

     Our common stock price has experienced substantial volatility in the past and may remain
volatile in the future. Volatility can arise as a result of a number of the factors discussed in
this “Risk Factors” section, as well as divergence between our actual or anticipated financial
results and published expectations of analysts, and announcements that we, our competitors, or our
customers may make.