.

Uncertainty or weaknesses in global economic conditions could adversely affect our business. 

Uncertainties or weaknesses in global economic conditions could adversely affect our business and negatively impact our financial results.
Although the global economic outlook improved throughout 2010 and into 2011, and the demand for steel and steel-making products improved, another economic downturn remains a possibility, and if such a downturn were to occur during 2011, we would
likely see decreased demand for our products and decreased prices, resulting in lower revenue levels and decreasing margins in 2011. We are not able to predict whether the global economic conditions will continue or worsen and the impact it may have
on our operations and the industry in general going forward. 

Negative economic conditions may adversely impact the ability of our
customers to meet their obligations to us on a timely basis or at all. 

Although we have contractual commitments for sales
in our North American Iron Ore business for 2011 and beyond, the uncertainty in global economic conditions may adversely impact the ability of our customers to meet their obligations. As a result of economic and pricing volatility, we are in
continual discussions with our customers regarding our supply agreements. These discussions may result in the modification of our supply agreements. Any modifications to our supply agreements could adversely impact our sales, margins, profitability
and cash flows. These discussions or actions by our customers could also result in contractual disputes, which could ultimately require arbitration or litigation, either of which could be time consuming and costly. Any such disputes could adversely
impact our sales, margins, profitability and cash flows. 

A substantial majority of our sales are made under term supply agreements to a
limited number of customers, which are subject to changing international pricing conditions and which could negatively affect the stability and profitability of our operations. 

In 2010, virtually all of our North American Iron Ore sales, the majority of our North American Coal sales, and virtually all of our Asia
Pacific Iron Ore sales were made under term supply agreements to a limited number of customers. In 2010, five customers together accounted for approximately 81 percent of our North American iron ore and coal sales revenues (representing more than 50
percent of our consolidated revenues). For North American Coal, prices are typically agreed upon for a twelve-month period and are typically adjusted each year. Our Asia Pacific Iron Ore contracts expire in 2012. Our North American Iron Ore
contracts have an average remaining duration of 5.5 years. We cannot be certain that we will be able to renew or replace existing term supply agreements at the same volume levels, prices or with similar profit margins when they expire. A loss of
sales to our existing customers could have a substantial negative impact on our sales, margins and profitability. 

Our North
American Iron Ore term supply agreements contain a number of price adjustment provisions, or price escalators, including adjustments based on general industrial inflation rates, the price of steel and the

23 

Table of Contents

international price of iron ore pellets, among other factors, that allow us to adjust the prices under those agreements generally on an annual basis. During the first quarter of 2010, the
world’s largest iron ore producers moved away from the annual international benchmark pricing mechanism in favor of a shorter-term, more flexible pricing system. In addition to increased volatility of pricing, the change in the international
pricing system will, in most instances, require that our sales contracts be modified to take into account the new international pricing methodology. We finalized shorter-term pricing arrangements with our Asia Pacific Iron Ore customers.
Negotiations with certain of our largest North American Iron Ore customers are still ongoing, and we are in the process of assessing the impact a change to the historical annual pricing mechanism will have on our existing supply agreements with such
customers. Some of our customers have filed arbitration demands related to the price adjustment provisions of our supply agreements. These discussions and arbitrations may result in changes to the pricing mechanisms used with our various customers
and could impact sales prices realized in current and future periods. In the event that we are unsuccessful in defending our positions, the retroactive revised pricing for 2010 sales under the supply agreements could have a material adverse impact
on our consolidated results of operations. Although we anticipate that these discussions and arbitrations will result in negotiated modifications to our supply agreements, we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of these discussions and arbitrations,
and it is possible that we will be unable to reach agreement on the necessary contract modifications with some of our customers, resulting in delays in establishing pricing and/or prolonged or additional litigation. 

Any defects in title of leasehold interests in our properties could limit our ability to mine these properties or could result in significant
unanticipated costs. 

We conduct a significant part of our mining operations on properties that we lease. These leases were
entered into over a period of many years by certain of our predecessors and title to our leased properties and mineral rights may not be thoroughly verified until a permit to mine the property is obtained. Our right to mine some of our proven and
probable ore reserves may be materially adversely affected if there were defects in title or boundaries. In order to obtain leases or mining contracts to conduct our mining operations on property where these defects exist, we may in the future have
to incur unanticipated costs, which could adversely affect our profitability. 

Coal mining is complex due to geological characteristics of
the region. 

The geological characteristics of coal reserves, such as depth of overburden and coal seam thickness, make
them complex and costly to mine. As mines become depleted, replacement reserves may not be available when required or, if available, may not be capable of being mined at costs comparable to those characteristic of the depleting mines, and in turn,
decisions to defer mine development activities may adversely impact our ability to substantially increase future coal production. These factors could materially adversely affect our mining operations and cost structures, which could adversely affect
our sales, profitability and cash flows. 

Capacity expansions within the mining industry could lead to lower global iron ore and coal
prices or impact our production. 

The increased demand for iron ore and coal, particularly from China, has resulted in the
major iron ore and metallurgical coal suppliers announcing plans to increase their capacity. In the current economic environment, any increase in our competitors’ capacity could result in excess supply of iron ore and coal, resulting in
increased downward pressure on prices. A decrease in pricing would adversely impact our sales, margins and profitability. 

If steelmakers
use methods other than blast furnace production to produce steel, or if their blast furnaces shut down or otherwise reduce production, the demand for our iron ore and coal products may decrease. 

Demand for our iron ore and coal products is determined by the operating rates for the blast furnaces of steel companies.
However, not all finished steel is produced by blast furnaces; finished steel also may be produced by other methods that do not require iron ore products. For example, steel mini-mills, which are steel recyclers, generally produce steel primarily by
using scrap steel and other iron products, not iron ore pellets, in their electric

24 

Table of Contents

furnaces. Production of steel by steel mini-mills was approximately 70 percent of North American total finished steel production in 2010. North American steel producers also can produce
steel using imported iron ore or semi-finished steel products, which eliminates the need for domestic iron ore. Environmental restrictions on the use of blast furnaces also may reduce our customers’ use of their blast furnaces. Maintenance of
blast furnaces can require substantial capital expenditures. Our customers may choose not to maintain their blast furnaces, and some of our customers may not have the resources necessary to adequately maintain their blast furnaces. If our customers
use methods to produce steel that do not use iron ore and coal products, demand for our iron ore and coal products will decrease, which would adversely affect our sales, margins and profitability.

The availability of capital for exploration, acquisitions and mine development may be limited. 

We expect to grow our business and presence as an international mining company by continuing to expand both geographically and through the
minerals that we mine and market. To execute on this strategy we will need to have access to the capital markets to finance exploration, acquisitions and development of mining properties. During the recent global economic crisis access to capital to
finance new projects and acquisitions was extremely limited. We cannot predict the general availability or accessibility of capital to finance such projects in the future. If we are unable to continue to access the capital markets, our ability to
execute on our growth strategy will be negatively impacted. 

Our ability to collect payments from our customers depends on their
creditworthiness. 

Our ability to receive payment for products sold and delivered to our customers depends on the
creditworthiness of our customers. With respect to our North American Coal business unit, payment is typically received as the products are shipped. However, in our Asia Pacific and North American Iron Ore business units, generally, we deliver iron
ore products to our customers’ facilities in advance of payment for those products. A majority of the products shipped by our Asia Pacific Iron Ore business unit are secured by bank letters of credit. Although title and risk of loss with
respect to North American Iron Ore products does not pass to the customer until payment for the pellets is received, there is typically a period of time in which pellets, for which we have reserved title, are within our customers’ control.
Consolidations in some of the industries in which our customers operate have created larger customers. These factors have caused some customers to be less profitable and increased our exposure to credit risk. Current credit markets remain highly
volatile, and some of our customers are highly leveraged. A significant adverse change in the financial and/or credit position of a customer could require us to assume greater credit risk relating to that customer and could limit our ability to
collect receivables. Failure to receive payment from our customers for products that we have delivered could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

We rely on estimates of our recoverable reserves, which is complex due to geological characteristics of the properties and the number of assumptions made. 

We regularly evaluate our North American iron ore and coal reserves based on revenues and costs and update them as required in
accordance with SEC Industry Guide 7. In addition, Asia Pacific Iron Ore and Sonoma have published reserves which follow JORC in Australia and changes have been made to the Asia Pacific Iron Ore and Sonoma reserve values to make them comply with SEC
requirements. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of reserves of our mines, including many factors beyond our control. 

Estimates of reserves and future net cash flows necessarily depend upon a number of variable factors and assumptions, such as production capacity, effects of regulations by governmental agencies, future
prices for iron ore and coal, future industry conditions and operating costs, severance and excise taxes, development costs and costs of extraction and reclamation, all of which may in fact vary considerably from actual results. For these reasons,
estimates of the economically recoverable quantities of mineralized deposits attributable to any particular group of properties, classifications of such reserves based on risk of recovery and estimates of future net cash flows prepared by different
engineers or by the same engineers at different times may vary substantially as the criteria change. Estimated ore and coal reserves could be affected by future industry conditions, geological conditions and ongoing mine planning. Actual production,
revenues and expenditures with respect to our reserves will likely vary from estimates, and if such variances are material, our sales and profitability could be adversely affected. 

25 

Table of Contents

We rely on our joint venture partners in our mines to meet their payment obligations and we are subject
to risks involving the acts or omissions of our joint venture partners when we are not the manager of the joint venture. 

We co-own and manage three of our six North American iron ore mines with various joint venture partners that are integrated steel
producers or their subsidiaries, including ArcelorMittal USA and U.S. Steel Canada Inc. We also own minority interests in mines located in Brazil and Australia that we do not manage. We rely on our joint venture partners to make their required
capital contributions and to pay for their share of the iron ore pellets that each joint venture produces. Our North American joint venture partners are also our customers. If one or more of our joint venture partners fail to perform their
obligations, the remaining joint venturers, including ourselves, may be required to assume additional material obligations, including significant pension and postretirement health and life insurance benefit obligations. The premature closure of a
mine due to the failure of a joint venture partner to perform its obligations could result in significant fixed mine-closure costs, including severance, employment legacy costs and other employment costs, reclamation and other environmental costs,
and the costs of terminating long-term obligations, including energy contracts and equipment leases. 

We cannot control the
actions of our joint venture partners, especially when we have a minority interest in a joint venture and are not designated as the manager of the joint venture. Further, in spite of performing customary due diligence prior to entering into a joint
venture, we cannot guarantee full disclosure of prior acts or omissions of the sellers or those with whom we enter into joint ventures. Such risks could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations or financial condition of
our joint venture interests. 

Our expenditures for postretirement benefit and pension obligations could be materially higher than we have
predicted if our underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, there are mine closures or our joint venture partners fail to perform their obligations that relate to employee pension plans. 

We provide defined benefit pension plans and OPEB to eligible union and non-union employees in North America, including our share of
expense and funding obligations with respect to unconsolidated ventures. Our pension expense and our required contributions to our pension plans are directly affected by the value of plan assets, the projected and actual rate of return on plan
assets and the actuarial assumptions we use to measure our defined benefit pension plan obligations, including the rate at which future obligations are discounted. 

We cannot predict whether changing market or economic conditions, regulatory changes or other factors will increase our pension expenses or our funding obligations, diverting funds we would otherwise
apply to other uses. 

We have calculated our unfunded pension and OPEB obligations based on a number of assumptions. If our
assumptions do not materialize as expected, cash expenditures and costs that we incur could be materially higher. Moreover, we cannot be certain that regulatory changes will not increase our obligations to provide these or additional benefits. These
obligations also may increase substantially in the event of adverse medical cost trends or unexpected rates of early retirement, particularly for bargaining unit retirees for whom there is currently no retiree healthcare cost cap. Early retirement
rates likely would increase substantially in the event of a mine closure. 

Our sales and competitive position depend on the ability to
transport our products to our customers at competitive rates and in a timely manner. 

In our North American operations,
disruption of the lake and ocean going freighter and rail transportation services because of weather-related problems, including ice and winter weather conditions on the Great Lakes or St. Lawrence Seaway, strikes, lock-outs or other events, could
impair our ability to supply iron ore pellets to our customers at competitive rates or in a timely manner and, thus, could adversely affect our sales and profitability. Similarly, our North American coal operations depend on international freighter
and rail transportation services, as well as the availability of dock capacity, and any disruptions to those services or the lack of dock capacity could impair our ability to supply coal to our customers at competitive rates or in a timely manner
and, thus, could adversely affect our sales and profitability. Further, less dredging, particularly at Great Lakes ports could negatively impact our ability to move our products. Less dredging results in lower water levels, which restricts the
tonnage that freighters can haul over the Great Lakes, resulting in higher freight rates. 

26 

Table of Contents

Our Asia Pacific iron ore and coal operations are also dependent upon rail and port
capacity. Disruptions in rail service or availability of dock capacity could similarly impair our ability to supply iron ore and coal to our customers, thereby adversely affecting our sales and profitability. In addition, our Asia Pacific iron ore
operations are also in direct competition with the major world seaborne exporters of iron ore and our customers face higher transportation costs than most other Australian producers to ship our products to the Asian markets because of the location
of our major shipping port on the south coast of Australia. Further, increases in transportation costs, decreased availability of ocean vessels or changes in such costs relative to transportation costs incurred by our competitors, could make our
products less competitive, restrict our access to certain markets and have an adverse effect on our sales, margins and profitability. 

Our
operating expenses could increase significantly if the price of electrical power, fuel or other energy sources increases. 

Operating expenses at all of our mining locations are sensitive to changes in electricity prices and fuel prices, including diesel fuel
and natural gas prices. In our North American Iron Ore locations, for example, these items make up approximately 17 percent of our North American Iron Ore operating costs. Prices for electricity, natural gas and fuel oils can fluctuate widely with
availability and demand levels from other users. During periods of peak usage, supplies of energy may be curtailed and we may not be able to purchase them at historical rates. While we have some long-term contracts with electrical suppliers, we are
exposed to fluctuations in energy costs that can affect our production costs. As an example, our Empire and Tilden mines are subject to changes in WEPCO’s rates, such as base interim rate changes that WEPCO may self-implement and final rate
changes that are approved by the MPSC in response to application filed by WEPCO. These procedures have resulted in several rate increases since 2008, when Empire and Tilden’s special contracts for electric service with WEPCO expired. We enter
into forward fixed-price supply contracts for natural gas and diesel fuel for use in our operations. Those contracts are of limited duration and do not cover all of our fuel needs, and price increases in fuel costs could cause our profitability to
decrease significantly. 

Natural disasters, weather conditions, disruption of energy, unanticipated geological conditions, equipment
failures, and other unexpected events may lead our customers, our suppliers, or our facilities to curtail production or shut down operations. 

Operating levels within the mining industry are subject to unexpected conditions and events that are beyond the industry’s control. Those events could cause industry members or their suppliers to
curtail production or shut down a portion or all of their operations, which could reduce the demand for our iron ore and coal products, and could adversely affect our sales, margins, and profitability. 

Interruptions in production capabilities will inevitably increase our production costs and reduce our profitability. We do not have
meaningful excess capacity for current production needs, and we are not able to quickly increase production at one mine to offset an interruption in production at another mine. 

A portion of our production costs are fixed regardless of current operating levels. As noted, our operating levels are subject to conditions beyond our control that can delay deliveries or increase the
cost of mining at particular mines for varying lengths of time. These conditions include weather conditions (for example, extreme winter weather, floods and availability of process water due to drought) and natural disasters, pit wall failures,
unanticipated geological conditions, including variations in the amount of rock and soil overlying the deposits of iron ore and coal, variations in rock and other natural materials and variations in geologic conditions and ore processing changes.
For example, recent floods, drought conditions and cyclones have disrupted certain mining operations in Australia, particularly in the Queensland region, where our Sonoma coal joint venture operation has been negatively impacted. 

The manufacturing processes that take place in our mining operations, as well as in our processing facilities, depend on critical pieces
of equipment. This equipment may, on occasion, be out of service because of unanticipated failures. In addition, many of our mines and processing facilities have been in operation for several decades, and the equipment is aged. In the future, we may
experience additional material plant shutdowns or periods of reduced production because of equipment failures. Further, remediation of any interruption in 

27 

Table of Contents

production capability may require us to make large capital expenditures that could have a negative effect on our profitability and cash flows. Our business interruption insurance would not cover
all of the lost revenues associated with equipment failures. Longer-term business disruptions could result in a loss of customers, which could adversely affect our future sales levels, and therefore our profitability. 

Regarding the impact of unexpected events happening to our suppliers, many of our mines are dependent on one source for electric power and
for natural gas. A significant interruption in service from our energy suppliers due to terrorism, weather conditions, natural disasters, or any other cause can result in substantial losses that may not be fully recoverable, either from our business
interruption insurance or responsible third parties. 

We are subject to extensive governmental regulation, which imposes, and will continue
to impose, significant costs and liabilities on us, and future regulation could increase those costs and liabilities or limit our ability to produce iron ore and coal products. 

We are subject to various federal, provincial, state and local laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we have operations on
matters such as employee health and safety, air quality, water pollution, plant and wildlife protection, reclamation and restoration of mining properties, the discharge of materials into the environment, and the effects that mining has on
groundwater quality and availability. Numerous governmental permits and approvals are required for our operations. We cannot be certain that we have been or will be at all times in complete compliance with such laws, regulations and permits. If we
violate or fail to comply with these laws, regulations or permits, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. 

Prior to commencement of mining, we must submit to and obtain approval from the appropriate regulatory authority of plans showing where and how mining and reclamation operations are to occur. These plans
must include information such as the location of mining areas, stockpiles, surface waters, haul roads, tailings basins and drainage from mining operations. All requirements imposed by any such authority may be costly and time-consuming and may delay
commencement or continuation of exploration or production operations. Specifically, there are several notable proposed or potential rulemakings or activities to which we would be subject or that would further regulate and/or tax our customers,
namely the North American integrated steel producer customers, that may also require us or our customers to reduce or otherwise change operations significantly or incur additional costs depending on their ultimate outcome. These proposed rules and
regulations include: climate change and greenhouse gas regulation, regional haze, NO
2

 and SO
2

national ambient air quality standards, as well as increased administrative and legislative initiatives related to coal mining activities, proposed hardrock mining financial assurance rules, the Minnesota mercury total maximum daily load
implementation and selenium discharge regulation. Such new legislation, regulations or orders, if enacted, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or profitability. 

Further, we are subject to a variety of potential liability exposures arising at certain sites where we do not currently conduct
operations. These sites include sites where we formerly conducted iron ore mining or processing or other operations, inactive sites that we currently own, predecessor sites, acquired sites, leased land sites and third-party waste disposal sites. We
may be named as a responsible party at other sites in the future and we cannot be certain that the costs associated with these additional sites will not be material. 

We also could be held liable for any and all consequences arising out of human exposure to hazardous substances used, released or disposed of by us or other environmental damage, including damage to
natural resources. In particular, we and certain of our subsidiaries are involved in various claims relating to the exposure of asbestos and silica to seamen who sailed on the Great Lakes vessels formerly owned and operated by certain of our
subsidiaries. The full impact of these claims, as well as whether insurance coverage will be sufficient and whether other defendants named in these claims will be able to fund any costs arising out of these claims, continues to be unknown.

Our North American coal operations are subject to increasing levels of regulatory oversight, making it more difficult to obtain and
maintain necessary operating permits. 

The current political and regulatory environment in the U.S. is negatively disposed
toward coal mining, with particular focus on certain categories of mining such as mountaintop removal techniques. Therefore, our coal 

28 

Table of Contents

mining operations in North America are subject to increasing levels of scrutiny. U.S. regulatory efforts targeted at eliminating or minimizing the adverse environmental impacts of mountaintop
coal mining practices have impacted all types of coal operations. These regulatory initiatives could cause material impacts, delays or disruptions to our coal operations due to our inability to obtain new or renewed permits or modifications to
existing permits. 

Underground mining is subject to increased safety regulation and may require us to incur additional compliance cost.

Recent mine disasters have led to the enactment and consideration of significant new federal and state laws and
regulations relating to safety in underground coal mines. These laws and regulations include requirements for constructing and maintaining caches for the storage of additional self-contained self rescuers throughout underground mines; installing
rescue chambers in underground mines; constant tracking of and communication with personnel in the mines; installing cable lifelines from the mine portal to all sections of the mine to assist in emergency escape; submission and approval of emergency
response plans; and new and additional safety training. Additionally, new requirements for the prompt reporting of accidents and increased fines and penalties for violations of these and existing regulations have been implemented. These new laws and
regulations may cause us to incur substantial additional costs, which may adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition or profitability. 

Our profitability could be negatively affected if we fail to maintain satisfactory labor relations. 

The USW represents all hourly employees at our North American Iron Ore locations except for Northshore. The UMWA represents hourly employees at our North American Coal locations. On October 6, 2008,
we entered into a four-year labor agreement with the USW that covers approximately 2,300 USW-represented workers at our Empire and Tilden mines in Michigan, and our United Taconite and Hibbing mines in Minnesota that expires in October 2012. We
entered into a new five-year labor agreement with the USW for Wabush in February 2010 that is effective from March 1, 2009 to February 28, 2014. The agreement provides for a 15 percent increase in labor costs over the term of the agreement,
inclusive of benefits. The current UMWA agreement runs through 2011 at our coal locations. Hourly employees at the railroads we own that transport products among our facilities are represented by multiple unions with labor agreements that expire at
various dates. If the collective bargaining agreements relating to the employees at our mines or railroads are not successfully renegotiated prior to their expiration, we could face work stoppages or labor strikes. 

We may encounter labor shortages for critical operational positions, which could adversely affect our ability to produce our products. 

Prior to the global economic crisis, the global mining industry was facing a critical shortage of essential skilled employees. Competition
for the available workers limited our ability to attract and retain employees. 

We are predicting a long term shortage of
skilled workers for the mining industry. At our mining locations, many of our mining operational employees are approaching retirement age. As these experienced employees retire, we may have difficulty replacing them at competitive wages. As a
result, wages are increasing to address the turnover. 

Our profitability could be adversely affected by the failure of outside contractors
to perform. 

Asia Pacific Iron Ore and Sonoma use contractors to handle many of the operational phases of their mining and
processing operations and therefore are subject to the performance of outside companies on key production areas. 

We may be unable to
successfully identify, acquire and integrate strategic acquisition candidates. 

Our ability to grow successfully through
acquisitions depends upon our ability to identify, negotiate, complete and integrate suitable acquisitions and to obtain necessary financing. It is possible that we will be unable to successfully complete potential acquisitions, including the
pending acquisition of Consolidated Thompson. In addition, the costs of acquiring other businesses could increase if competition for acquisition candidates increases. Additionally, the success of an acquisition is subject to other risks and
uncertainties, 

29 

Table of Contents

including our ability to realize operating efficiencies expected from an acquisition, the size or quality of the resource, delays in realizing the benefits of an acquisition, difficulties in
retaining key employees, customers or suppliers of the acquired businesses, difficulties in maintaining uniform controls, procedures, standards and policies throughout acquired companies, the risks associated with the assumption of contingent or
undisclosed liabilities of acquisition targets, the impact of changes to our allocation of purchase price, and the ability to generate future cash flows or the availability of financing. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to
successfully identify strategic candidates or acquire any such businesses and if we do identify and acquire any such business, we cannot provide assurance that we would be able to successfully integrate such acquired business in a timely manner or
at all. 

We must continually replace reserves depleted by production. Our exploration activities may not result in additional discoveries.

Our ability to replenish our ore reserves is important to our long-term viability. Depleted ore reserves must be replaced
by further delineation of existing ore bodies or by locating new deposits in order to maintain production levels over the long term. Resource exploration and development are highly speculative in nature. Our exploration projects involve many risks,
require substantial expenditures and may not result in the discovery of sufficient additional mineral deposits that can be mined profitably. Once a site with mineralization is discovered, it may take several years from the initial phases of drilling
until production is possible, during which time the economic feasibility of production may change. Substantial expenditures are required to establish recoverable proven and probable reserves and to construct mining and processing facilities. As a
result, there is no assurance that current or future exploration programs will be successful. There is a risk that depletion of reserves will not be offset by discoveries or acquisitions. 

The proposed Minerals Resource Rent Tax by the Australian Federal Government could adversely affect our results of operations in Australia. 

In July 2010, the Australian federal government announced its intention to introduce a new MRRT applicable to the mining of iron ore and
coal. The MRRT is proposed to apply from July 1, 2012 to existing and future projects at an effective tax rate of 22.5 percent. In December 2010, the Australian government’s taskforce that was charged with recommending design principles
for the new taxes delivered its recommendations on the MRRT to the Australian government. The recommendations paper provided detail about key features of the MRRT and includes industry and public input that assisted in final development of the
framework. The government’s exposure draft legislation is expected to be released to the public for comment by June 2011, with proposed introduction of legislation into Parliament during the latter half of 2011. The Australian government
anticipates that passage of legislation will occur in early 2012. If implemented as proposed, the MRRT may have a significant negative impact on our financial statements. The impacts of the MRRT will be recorded in the financial period during which
the legislation is enacted. 

Changes in laws or regulations or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement could adversely impact our
financial performance and restrict our ability to operate our business or execute our strategies. 

New laws or regulations,
or changes in existing laws or regulations or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement, could increase our cost of doing business and restrict our ability to operate our business or execute our strategies. This includes, among other things,
the possible taxation under U.S. law of certain income from foreign operations, compliance costs and enforcement under the Dodd-Frank Act, and costs associated with complying with the PPACA and the Reconciliation Act and the regulations promulgated
thereunder. The impact of the U.S. health care reform will be phased in between 2011 and 2014 and will likely have a significant adverse impact on our costs of providing employee health benefits beginning in 2011. In addition, as a result of the
health care reform legislation that has been passed, our results of operations have been negatively impacted by a non-cash income tax charge of approximately $16.1 million in the first quarter of 2010 to reflect the reduced deductibility of the
postretirement prescription drug coverage. As with any significant government action, the provisions of the health care reform legislation are still being assessed and may have additional financial accounting and reporting ramifications. The impact
of any such changes, which we continue to evaluate on our business operations and financial statements, remains uncertain. 

The
proposed U.S. Government Fiscal Year 2011 budget includes proposed legislation that would, if enacted into law, make significant changes to U.S. tax laws, including the elimination or postponement of certain

30 

Table of Contents

key U.S. federal income tax incentives currently available to companies engaged in the mining of hard mineral fossil fuels, such as coal. These changes include, but are not limited to the repeal
of the percentage depletion allowance for hard mineral fossil fuels and the elimination of the deduction for certain domestic production activities. These changes are proposed to be effective for taxable years beginning, or in the case of costs
described in, costs paid or incurred, after December 31, 2010. It is unclear whether these or similar changes will be enacted and, if enacted, how soon any such changes could become effective. In addition, legislation was introduced in January
2011 that would repeal percentage depletion for certain hardrock mines, which would include iron ore. The passage of any legislation as a result of these proposals or any other similar changes in U.S. federal income tax laws could eliminate certain
tax deductions that are currently available with respect to mining companies, and any such change would adversely affect our taxable income and thus would generate additional tax liabilities. 

Mine closures entail substantial costs, and if we close one or more of our mines sooner than anticipated, our results of operations and financial condition may be significantly and adversely affected.

If we close any of our mines, our revenues would be reduced unless we were able to increase production at our other mines,
which may not be possible. The closure of a mining operation involves significant fixed closure costs, including accelerated employment legacy costs, severance-related obligations, reclamation and other environmental costs, and the costs of
terminating long-term obligations, including energy contracts and equipment leases. We base our assumptions regarding the life of our mines on detailed studies we perform from time to time, but those studies and assumptions are subject to
uncertainties and estimates that may not be accurate. We recognize the costs of reclaiming open pits and shafts, stockpiles, tailings ponds, roads and other mining support areas based on the estimated mining life of our property. If we were to
significantly reduce the estimated life of any of our mines, the mine-closure costs would be applied to a shorter period of production, which would increase production costs per ton produced and could significantly and adversely affect our results
of operations and financial condition. 

A North American mine permanent closure could significantly increase and accelerate
employment legacy costs, including our expense and funding costs for pension and other postretirement benefit obligations. A number of employees would be eligible for immediate retirement under special eligibility rules that apply upon a mine
closure. All employees eligible for immediate retirement under the pension plans at the time of the permanent mine closure also would be eligible for postretirement health and life insurance benefits, thereby accelerating our obligation to provide
these benefits. Certain mine closures would precipitate a pension closure liability significantly greater than an ongoing operation liability. Finally, a permanent mine closure could trigger severance-related obligations, which can equal up to eight
weeks of pay per employee, depending on length of service. However, no employee entitled to an immediate pension upon closure of a mine is entitled to severance. As a result, the closure of one or more of our mines could adversely affect our
financial condition and results of operations. 

We are subject to risks involving operations and sales in multiple countries.

We have a strategy to broaden our scope as a supplier of iron ore and other raw materials to the global integrated steel
industry. As we expand beyond our traditional North American base business, we will be subject to additional risks beyond those risks relating to our North American operations, such as fluctuations in currency exchange rates; potentially adverse tax
consequences due to overlapping or differing tax structures; burdens to comply with multiple and potentially conflicting foreign laws and regulations, including export requirements, tariffs and other barriers, environmental health and safety
requirements and unexpected changes in any of these laws and regulations; the imposition of duties, tariffs, import and export controls and other trade barriers impacting the seaborne iron ore and coal markets; difficulties in staffing and managing
multi-national operations; political and economic instability and disruptions, including terrorist attacks; disadvantages of competing against companies from countries that are not subject to U.S. laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act; and uncertainties in the enforcement of legal rights and remedies in multiple jurisdictions. If we are unable to manage successfully the risks associated with expanding our global business, these risks could have a material adverse
effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition. 

31 

Table of Contents

We are subject to a variety of market risks. 

Market risks include those caused by changes in the value of equity investments, changes in commodity prices, interest rates and foreign
currency exchange rates. We have established policies and procedures to manage such risks, however certain risks are beyond our control.