. 

Uncertainty or weaknesses in global economic conditions and reduced economic growth in China could adversely affect our business. 

The world prices of iron ore and coal are influenced strongly by international demand and global economic conditions. Uncertainties or
weaknesses in global economic conditions, including the ongoing sovereign debt crisis in Europe, could adversely affect our business and negatively impact our financial results. In addition, the current level of international demand for raw
materials used in steel production is driven largely by rapid industrial growth in China. If the economic growth rate in China slows for an extended period of time, less steel would be used in construction and manufacturing. If the economic growth
rate in China slows for an extended period of time, or if another global economic downturn were to occur, we would likely see decreased demand for our products and decreased prices, resulting in lower revenue levels and decreasing margins. We are
not able to predict whether the global economic conditions will continue or worsen and the impact it may have on our operations and the industry in general going forward. 

Negative economic conditions may adversely impact the ability of our customers to meet their obligations to us on a timely basis or at all. 

Although we have contractual commitments for sales in our U.S. Iron Ore and Eastern Canadian Iron Ore business for 2012 and beyond, the
uncertainty in global economic conditions may adversely impact the ability of our customers to meet their obligations. As a result of economic and pricing volatility, we are in continual discussions with our customers regarding our supply
agreements. These discussions may result in the modification of our supply agreements. Any modifications to our supply agreements could adversely impact our sales, margins, profitability and cash flows. These discussions or actions by our customers
could also result in contractual disputes, which could ultimately require arbitration or litigation, either of which could be time consuming and costly. Any such disputes could adversely impact our sales, margins, profitability and cash flows.

25 

Table of Contents

A substantial majority of our sales are made under term supply agreements to a limited number of
customers that are subject to changing international pricing conditions and that could negatively affect the stability and profitability of our operations. 

In 2011, a majority of our U.S. Iron Ore and Eastern Canadian Iron Ore sales, the majority of our North American Coal sales, and virtually all of our Asia Pacific Iron Ore sales were made under term
supply agreements to a limited number of customers. In 2011, five customers together accounted for approximately 64 percent of our U.S. Iron Ore, Eastern Canadian Iron Ore and North America coal sales revenues (representing more than 48 percent of
our consolidated revenues). For North American Coal, prices are typically agreed upon for a twelve-month period and are typically adjusted each year. Our Asia Pacific Iron Ore contracts expire in 2012. Our U.S. Iron Ore and Eastern Canadian Iron Ore
contracts have an average remaining duration of four years. We cannot be certain that we will be able to renew or replace existing term supply agreements at the same volume levels, prices or with similar profit margins when they expire. A loss of
sales to our existing customers could have a substantial negative impact on our sales, margins and profitability. 

Our U.S.
Iron Ore term supply agreements contain a number of price adjustment provisions, or price escalators, including adjustments based on general industrial inflation rates, the price of steel and the international price of iron ore pellets, among other
factors, that allow us to adjust the prices under those agreements generally on an annual basis. Several of our Eastern Canadian Iron Ore customers have multi-year pricing arrangements that contain pricing adjustments that reference certain
published market prices for iron ore. During the first quarter of 2010, the world’s largest iron ore producers moved away from the annual international benchmark pricing mechanism in favor of a shorter-term, more flexible pricing system. The
change in the international pricing system has, in most instances, required that our sales contracts be modified to take into account the new international pricing methodology. We finalized shorter-term pricing arrangements with our Asia Pacific
Iron Ore customers. We reached final pricing settlements with a majority of our U.S. Iron Ore customers through the end of 2011 for the 2011 contract year. However, in some cases we are still working to revise components of the pricing calculations
referenced within our supply agreements to incorporate new pricing mechanisms as a result of the changes to historical benchmark pricing. 

Any defects in title of leasehold interests in our properties could limit our ability to mine these properties or could result in significant unanticipated costs. 

We conduct a significant part of our mining operations on properties that we lease. These leases were entered into over a period of many
years by certain of our predecessors and title to our leased properties and mineral rights may not be thoroughly verified until a permit to mine the property is obtained. Our right to mine some of our proven and probable ore reserves may be
materially adversely affected if there were defects in title or boundaries. In order to obtain leases or mining contracts to conduct our mining operations on property where these defects exist, we may in the future have to incur unanticipated costs,
which could adversely affect our profitability. 

Coal mining is complex due to geological characteristics of the region. 

The geological characteristics of coal reserves, such as depth of overburden and coal seam thickness, make them complex and costly to
mine. As mines become depleted, replacement reserves may not be available when required or, if available, may not be capable of being mined at costs comparable to those characteristic of the depleting mines, and in turn, decisions to defer mine
development activities may adversely impact our ability to substantially increase future coal production. These factors could materially adversely affect our mining operations and cost structures, which could adversely affect our sales,
profitability and cash flows. 

Capacity expansions within the mining industry could lead to lower global iron ore and coal prices or impact
our production. 

The increased demand for iron ore and coal, particularly from China, has resulted in the major iron ore
and metallurgical coal suppliers announcing plans to increase their capacity. In the current economic environment, 

26 

Table of Contents

any increase in our competitors’ capacity could result in excess supply of iron ore and coal, resulting in increased downward pressure on prices. A decrease in pricing due to this issue
would impact adversely our sales, margins and profitability. 

If steelmakers use methods other than blast furnace production to produce
steel, or if their blast furnaces shut down or otherwise reduce production, the demand for our iron ore and coal products may decrease. 

Demand for our iron ore and coal products is determined by the operating rates for the blast furnaces of steel companies. However, not all finished steel is produced by blast furnaces; finished steel also
may be produced by other methods that do not require iron ore products. For example, steel mini-mills, which are steel recyclers, generally primarily produce steel by using scrap steel and other iron products, not iron ore pellets, in their electric
furnaces. Production of steel by steel mini-mills was approximately 60 percent of North American total finished steel production in 2011. North American steel producers also can produce steel using imported iron ore or semi-finished steel products,
which eliminates the need for domestic iron ore. Environmental restrictions on the use of blast furnaces also may reduce our customers’ use of their blast furnaces. Maintenance of blast furnaces may require substantial capital expenditures. Our
customers may choose not to maintain, or may not have the resources necessary to maintain, their blast furnaces. If our customers use methods to produce steel that do not use iron ore and coal products, demand for our iron ore and coal products will
decrease, which would affect adversely our sales, margins and profitability. 

The availability of capital for exploration, acquisitions and
mine development may be limited. 

We expect to grow our business and presence as an international mining company by
continuing to expand both geographically and through the minerals that we mine and market. To execute on this strategy, we will need to have access to the capital markets to finance exploration, acquisitions and development of mining properties.
During the global economic crisis, access to capital to finance new projects and acquisitions was extremely limited. We cannot predict the general availability or accessibility of capital to finance such projects in the future. If we are unable to
continue to access the capital markets, our ability to execute on our growth strategy will be impacted negatively. 

Our ability to collect
payments from our customers depends on their creditworthiness. 

Our ability to receive payment for products sold and
delivered to our customers depends on the creditworthiness of our customers. With respect to our Asia Pacific and Eastern Canadian Iron Ore business units and North American Coal business unit, payment typically is received as the products are
shipped and much of the product is secured by bank letters of credit. However, in our U.S. Iron Ore business unit, generally, we deliver iron ore products to our customers’ facilities in advance of payment for those products. Although title and
risk of loss with respect to U.S. Iron Ore products does not pass to the customer until payment for the pellets is received, there is typically a period of time in which pellets, for which we have reserved title, are within our customers’
control. Consolidations in some of the industries in which our customers operate have created larger customers. These factors have caused some customers to be less profitable and increased our exposure to credit risk. Current credit markets remain
highly volatile, and some of our customers are highly leveraged. A significant adverse change in the financial and/or credit position of a customer could require us to assume greater credit risk relating to that customer and could limit our ability
to collect receivables. Failure to receive payment from our customers for products that we have delivered adversely could affect our results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

We rely on estimates of our recoverable reserves, which is complex due to geological characteristics of the properties and the number of assumptions made. 

We regularly evaluate our U.S. iron ore, Eastern Canadian iron ore and coal reserves based on revenues and costs and update them as
required in accordance with SEC Industry Guide 7 and Canada’s National Instrument 43-101. In addition, Asia Pacific Iron Ore and Sonoma have published reserves that follow JORC in Australia and changes have been made to the Asia Pacific Iron
Ore and Sonoma reserve values to make them comply with SEC requirements. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating quantities of reserves of our mines, including many factors beyond our control. 

27 

Table of Contents

Estimates of reserves and future net cash flows necessarily depend upon a number of variable
factors and assumptions, such as production capacity, effects of regulations by governmental agencies, future prices for iron ore and coal, future industry conditions and operating costs, severance and excise taxes, development costs and costs of
extraction and reclamation, all of which may in fact vary considerably from actual results. For these reasons, estimates of the economically recoverable quantities of mineralized deposits attributable to any particular group of properties,
classifications of such reserves based on risk of recovery and estimates of future net cash flows prepared by different engineers or by the same engineers at different times may vary substantially as the criteria change. Estimated ore and coal
reserves could be affected by future industry conditions, geological conditions and ongoing mine planning. Actual production, revenues and expenditures with respect to our reserves will likely vary from estimates, and if such variances are material,
our sales and profitability adversely could be affected. 

We rely on our joint venture partners in our mines to meet their payment
obligations and we are subject to risks involving the acts or omissions of our joint venture partners when we are not the manager of the joint venture. 

We co-own and manage three of our five U.S. iron ore mines and one of our two Eastern Canadian iron ore mines with various joint venture partners that are integrated steel producers or their subsidiaries,
including ArcelorMittal, U.S. Steel Canada Inc. and WISCO. We also own minority interests in mines located in Brazil and Australia that we do not manage. We rely on our joint venture partners to make their required capital contributions and to pay
for their share of the iron ore pellets that each joint venture produces. Our U.S. iron ore and Eastern Canadian iron ore joint venture partners are also our customers. If one or more of our joint venture partners fail to perform their obligations,
the remaining joint venturers, including ourselves, may be required to assume additional material obligations, including significant pension and postretirement health and life insurance benefit obligations. The premature closure of a mine due to the
failure of a joint venture partner to perform its obligations could result in significant fixed mine-closure costs, including severance, employment legacy costs and other employment costs, reclamation and other environmental costs, and the costs of
terminating long-term obligations, including energy contracts and equipment leases. 

We cannot control the actions of our joint
venture partners, especially when we have a minority interest in a joint venture and are not designated as the manager of the joint venture. Further, in spite of performing customary due diligence prior to entering into a joint venture, we cannot
guarantee full disclosure of prior acts or omissions of the sellers or those with whom we enter into joint ventures. Such risks could have a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations or financial condition of our joint venture
interests. 

Our expenditures for postretirement benefit and pension obligations could be materially higher than we have predicted if our
underlying assumptions prove to be incorrect, there are mine closures or our joint venture partners fail to perform their obligations that relate to employee pension plans. 

We provide defined benefit pension plans and OPEB to eligible union and non-union employees in North America, including our share of expense and funding obligations with respect to unconsolidated
ventures. Our pension expense and our required contributions to our pension plans directly are affected by the value of plan assets, the projected and actual rate of return on plan assets and the actuarial assumptions we use to measure our defined
benefit pension plan obligations, including the rate at which future obligations are discounted. 

We cannot predict whether
changing market or economic conditions, regulatory changes or other factors will increase our pension expenses or our funding obligations, diverting funds we would otherwise apply to other uses. 

We have calculated our unfunded pension and OPEB obligations based on a number of assumptions. If our assumptions do not materialize as
expected, cash expenditures and costs that we incur could be materially higher. Moreover, we cannot be certain that regulatory changes will not increase our obligations to provide these or additional benefits. These obligations also may increase
substantially in the event of adverse medical cost trends or unexpected rates of early retirement, particularly for bargaining unit retirees for whom there is currently no retiree healthcare cost cap. Early retirement rates likely would increase
substantially in the event of a mine closure. 

28 

Table of Contents

Our sales and competitive position depend on the ability to transport our products to our customers at
competitive rates and in a timely manner. 

In our U.S. and Eastern Canadian iron ore operations, disruption of the lake and
ocean-going freighter and rail transportation services because of weather-related problems, including ice and winter weather conditions on the Great Lakes or St. Lawrence Seaway, strikes, lock-outs or other events, could impair our ability to supply
iron ore pellets to our customers at competitive rates or in a timely manner and, thus, could adversely affect our sales and profitability. Similarly, our North American coal operations depend on international freighter and rail transportation
services, as well as the availability of dock capacity, and any disruptions to those services or the lack of dock capacity could impair our ability to supply coal to our customers at competitive rates or in a timely manner and, thus, could adversely
affect our sales and profitability. Further, less dredging, particularly at Great Lakes ports, could impact negatively our ability to move our iron ore and coal products because less dredging results in lower water levels, which restricts the
tonnage that freighters can haul, resulting in higher freight rates. 

Our Asia Pacific iron ore and coal operations are also
dependent upon rail and port capacity. Disruptions in rail service or availability of dock capacity could similarly impair our ability to supply iron ore and coal to our customers, thereby adversely affecting our sales and profitability. In
addition, our Asia Pacific iron ore operations are also in direct competition with the major world seaborne exporters of iron ore and our customers face higher transportation costs than most other Australian producers to ship our products to the
Asian markets because of the location of our major shipping port on the south coast of Australia. Further, increases in transportation costs, decreased availability of ocean vessels or changes in such costs relative to transportation costs incurred
by our competitors, could make our products less competitive, restrict our access to certain markets and have an adverse effect on our sales, margins and profitability. 

Our operating expenses could increase significantly if the price of electrical power, fuel or other energy sources increases. 

Operating expenses at all of our mining locations are sensitive to changes in electricity prices and fuel prices, including diesel fuel
and natural gas prices. These items make up approximately 19 percent in the aggregate of our operating costs in our U.S. Iron Ore and Eastern Canadian Iron Ore locations. Prices for electricity, natural gas and fuel oils can fluctuate widely with
availability and demand levels from other users. During periods of peak usage, supplies of energy may be curtailed and we may not be able to purchase them at historical rates. While we have some long-term contracts with electrical suppliers, we are
exposed to fluctuations in energy costs that can affect our production costs. As an example, our Empire and Tilden mines are subject to changes in WEPCO’s rates, such as base interim rate changes that WEPCO may self-implement and final rate
changes that are approved by the MPSC in response to an application filed by WEPCO. These procedures have resulted in several rate increases since 2008, when Empire and Tilden’s special contracts for electric service with WEPCO expired. We
enter into forward fixed-price supply contracts for natural gas and diesel fuel for use in our operations. Those contracts are of limited duration and do not cover all of our fuel needs, and price increases in fuel costs could cause our
profitability to decrease significantly. 

In addition, U.S. public utilities are expected to pass through additional capital
and operating cost increases related to new U.S. pending environmental regulations that are expected to require significant capital investment and use of cleaner fuels over the next five years and may impact U.S. coal-fired generation
capacity. We are estimating that power rates for our electricity-intensive operations could increase above 2011 levels by up to 33 percent by 2016, representing an annual power spend increase of approximately $80 million by 2016.

Natural disasters, weather conditions, disruption of energy, unanticipated geological conditions, equipment failures, and other unexpected events may
lead our customers, our suppliers, or our facilities to curtail production or shut down operations. 

Operating levels
within the mining industry are subject to unexpected conditions and events that are beyond the industry’s control. Those events could cause industry members or their suppliers to curtail production or shut down a portion or all of their
operations, which could reduce the demand for our iron ore and coal products, and could affect adversely our sales, margins and profitability. 

29 

Table of Contents

Interruptions in production capabilities inevitably will increase our production costs and
reduce our profitability. We do not have meaningful excess capacity for current production needs, and we are not able to quickly increase production at one mine to offset an interruption in production at another mine. 

A portion of our production costs are fixed regardless of current operating levels. As noted, our operating levels are subject to
conditions beyond our control that can delay deliveries or increase the cost of mining at particular mines for varying lengths of time. These conditions include weather conditions (for example, extreme winter weather, tornados, floods and
availability of process water due to drought) and natural disasters, pit wall failures, unanticipated geological conditions, including variations in the amount of rock and soil overlying the deposits of iron ore and coal, variations in rock and
other natural materials and variations in geologic conditions and ore processing changes. For example, a tornado disrupted certain mining operations in Alabama, where our Oak Grove coal operation has been negatively impacted. 

The manufacturing processes that take place in our mining operations, as well as in our processing facilities, depend on critical pieces
of equipment. This equipment may, on occasion, be out of service because of unanticipated failures. In addition, many of our mines and processing facilities have been in operation for several decades, and the equipment is aged. In the future, we may
experience additional material plant shutdowns or periods of reduced production because of equipment failures. Further, remediation of any interruption in production capability may require us to make large capital expenditures that could have a
negative effect on our profitability and cash flows. Our business interruption insurance would not cover all of the lost revenues associated with equipment failures. Longer-term business disruptions could result in a loss of customers, which
adversely could affect our future sales levels, and therefore our profitability. 

Regarding the impact of unexpected events
happening to our suppliers, many of our mines are dependent on one source for electric power and for natural gas. A significant interruption in service from our energy suppliers due to terrorism, weather conditions, natural disasters or any other
cause can result in substantial losses that may not be fully recoverable, either from our business interruption insurance or responsible third parties. 

We are subject to extensive governmental regulation, which imposes, and will continue to impose, significant costs and liabilities on us, and future regulation could increase those costs and
liabilities or limit our ability to produce iron ore and coal products. 

We are subject to various federal, provincial,
state and local laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we have operations on matters such as employee health and safety, air quality, water pollution, plant and wildlife protection, reclamation and restoration of mining properties, the
discharge of materials into the environment, and the effects that mining has on groundwater quality and availability. Numerous governmental permits and approvals are required for our operations. We cannot be certain that we have been or will be at
all times in complete compliance with such laws, regulations and permits. If we violate or fail to comply with these laws, regulations or permits, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. 

Prior to commencement of mining, we must submit to and obtain approval from the appropriate regulatory authority of
plans showing where and how mining and reclamation operations are to occur. These plans must include information such as the location of mining areas, stockpiles, surface waters, haul roads, tailings basins and drainage from mining operations. All
requirements imposed by any such authority may be costly and time-consuming and may delay commencement or continuation of exploration or production operations. Specifically, there are several notable proposed or recently enacted rulemakings or
activities to which we would be subject or that would further regulate and/or tax our customers, namely the North American integrated steel producer customers that may also require us or our customers to reduce or otherwise change operations
significantly or incur additional costs depending on their ultimate outcome. These proposed rules and regulations include: Climate Change and GHG Regulation, Regional Haze, NO
2

 and SO
2

 National Ambient Air Quality Standards, various National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants/Maximum
Achievable Control Technologies standards, new water quality standards and the CSAPR, as well as increased administrative and Legislative Initiatives related to Coal Mining Activities, the Minnesota Mercury Total Maximum Daily Load Implementation
and Selenium Discharge Regulation. Such new legislation, regulations or orders, if enacted, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or profitability. 

30 

Table of Contents

Further, we are subject to a variety of potential liability exposures arising at certain
sites where we do not currently conduct operations. These sites include sites where we formerly conducted iron ore mining or processing or other operations, inactive sites that we currently own, predecessor sites, acquired sites, leased land sites
and third-party waste disposal sites. We may be named as a responsible party at other sites in the future and we cannot be certain that the costs associated with these additional sites will not be material. 

We also could be held liable for any and all consequences arising out of human exposure to hazardous substances used, released or disposed
of by us or other environmental damage, including damage to natural resources. In particular, we and certain of our subsidiaries are involved in various claims relating to the exposure of asbestos and silica to seamen who sailed on the Great Lakes
vessels formerly owned and operated by certain of our subsidiaries. The full impact of these claims, as well as whether insurance coverage will be sufficient and whether other defendants named in these claims will be able to fund any costs arising
out of these claims, continues to be unknown. 

Our North American coal operations are subject to increasing levels of regulatory oversight,
making it more difficult to obtain and maintain necessary operating permits. 

The current political and regulatory
environment in the U.S. is disposed negatively toward coal mining, with particular focus on certain categories of mining such as mountaintop removal techniques. Therefore, our coal mining operations in North America are subject to increasing levels
of scrutiny. U.S. regulatory efforts targeted at eliminating or minimizing the adverse environmental impacts of mountaintop coal mining practices have impacted all types of coal operations. These regulatory initiatives could cause material impacts,
delays or disruptions to our coal operations due to our inability to obtain new or renewed permits or modifications to existing permits. 

Underground mining is subject to increased safety regulation and may require us to incur additional compliance costs. 

Recent mine disasters have led to the enactment and consideration of significant new federal and state laws and regulations relating to
safety in underground coal mines. These laws and regulations include requirements for constructing and maintaining caches for the storage of additional self-contained self rescuers throughout underground mines; installing rescue chambers in
underground mines; constant tracking of and communication with personnel in the mines; installing cable lifelines from the mine portal to all sections of the mine to assist in emergency escape; submission and approval of emergency response plans;
and new and additional safety training. Additionally, new requirements for the prompt reporting of accidents and increased fines and penalties for violations of these and existing regulations have been implemented. These new laws and regulations may
cause us to incur substantial additional costs, which may impact adversely our results of operations, financial condition or profitability. 

Our profitability could be affected negatively if we fail to maintain satisfactory labor relations. 

The USW represents all hourly employees at our U.S. Iron Ore and Eastern Canadian Iron Ore operations owned and/or managed by Cliffs or
its subsidiary companies except for Northshore and Bloom Lake. Effective September 1, 2008, our Empire and Tilden mines in Michigan, and United Taconite and Hibbing mines in Minnesota, entered into four-year labor agreements with the USW that
cover approximately 2,400 USW-represented employees at those mines. Those agreements are effective through August 31, 2012. Effective March 1, 2009, Wabush entered into a five-year labor agreement with the USW that covers approximately 660
hourly employees, which is effective through February 28, 2014. The UMWA represents approximately 810 hourly employees at our Pinnacle location in West Virginia and our Oak Grove location in Alabama. A new five and one-half year labor agreement
with respect to those mines was entered into with the UMWA effective July 1, 2011 through December 31, 2016. Approximately 120 hourly employees at the railroads we own that transport products among our facilities are represented by seven
separate rail unions. The moratorium for bargaining as to each of those unions under the Railway Labor Act expired on December 31, 2009. Since then five-year agreements have been reached with four of the unions, and the moratorium on bargaining
expires as to each on December 31, 2014. Negotiations are actively underway with the remaining three unions and it is common for 

31 

Table of Contents

bargaining under this Act to last a number of years after the moratorium has expired before a new agreement is reached. With respect to Railway Labor Act bargaining, work stoppages cannot occur
until the matter has been mediated before a federal mediator. With respect to agreements with the USW, work stoppages are possible if new agreements are not reached before the existing agreements expire. As is customary, bargaining with the USW as
to the Empire, Tilden, United Taconite and Hibbing mines is scheduled for the summer of 2012 prior to August 31, 2012, which is the date through which the agreements are effective. Four new labor agreements have been negotiated with the USW for
those mines since the last work stoppage in 1993. If the collective bargaining agreements relating to the employees at our mines or railroads are not renegotiated successfully prior to their expiration, we could face work stoppages or labor strikes.

We may encounter labor shortages for critical operational positions, which could affect adversely our ability to produce our products.

We are predicting a long-term shortage of skilled workers for the mining industry and competition for the available
workers limits our ability to attract and retain employees. At our mining locations, many of our mining operational employees are approaching retirement age. As these experienced employees retire, we may have difficulty replacing them at competitive
wages. As a result, wages are increasing to address the turnover. 

Our profitability could be affected adversely by the failure of outside
contractors to perform. 

Asia Pacific Iron Ore, Sonoma and Eastern Canadian Iron Ore, use contractors to handle many of the
operational phases of their mining and processing operations and therefore are subject to the performance of outside companies on key production areas. 

We may be unable to successfully identify, acquire and integrate strategic acquisition candidates. 

Our ability to grow successfully through acquisitions depends upon our ability to identify, negotiate, complete and integrate suitable acquisitions and to obtain necessary financing. It is possible that
we will be unable to successfully complete potential acquisitions. In addition, the costs of acquiring other businesses could increase if competition for acquisition candidates increases. Additionally, the success of an acquisition is subject to
other risks and uncertainties, including our ability to realize operating efficiencies expected from an acquisition, the size or quality of the resource, delays in realizing the benefits of an acquisition, difficulties in retaining key employees,
customers or suppliers of the acquired businesses, difficulties in maintaining uniform controls, procedures, standards and policies throughout acquired companies, the risks associated with the assumption of contingent or undisclosed liabilities of
acquisition targets, the impact of changes to our allocation of purchase price, and the ability to generate future cash flows or the availability of financing. We cannot provide assurance that we will be able to successfully identify strategic
candidates or acquire any such businesses and if we do identify and acquire any such business, we cannot provide assurance that we would be able to successfully integrate such acquired business in a timely manner or at all. 

We continually must replace reserves depleted by production. Our exploration activities may not result in additional discoveries. 

Our ability to replenish our ore reserves is important to our long-term viability. Depleted ore reserves must be replaced by further
delineation of existing ore bodies or by locating new deposits in order to maintain production levels over the long term. Resource exploration and development are highly speculative in nature. Our exploration projects involve many risks, require
substantial expenditures and may not result in the discovery of sufficient additional mineral deposits that can be mined profitably. Once a site with mineralization is discovered, it may take several years from the initial phases of drilling until
production is possible, during which time the economic feasibility of production may change. Substantial expenditures are required to establish recoverable proven and probable reserves and to construct mining and processing facilities. As a result,
there is no assurance that current or future exploration programs will be successful. There is a risk that depletion of reserves will not be offset by discoveries or acquisitions. 

32 

Table of Contents

The proposed Minerals Resource Rent Tax by the Australian Federal Government could affect adversely our
results of operations in Australia. 

In July 2010, the Australian Federal Government announced its intention to introduce a
new MRRT applicable to the mining of iron ore and coal. The MRRT is proposed to apply from July 1, 2012 to existing and future projects at an effective tax rate of 22.5 percent. In December 2010, the Australian government’s taskforce that
was charged with recommending design principles for the new taxes delivered its recommendations on the MRRT to the Australian government. The recommendations paper provided detail about key features of the MRRT and includes industry and public input
that assisted in final development of the framework. The first release of the government’s exposure draft legislation came out on June 10, 2011. Upon consideration of the public’s comments and recommendations, the second exposure
draft was released on September 18, 2011, with a closing date of October 5, 2011 for public consultation. The MRRT bill was introduced into the lower house of Parliament on November 2, 2011 where it was passed on November 23,
2011. The MRRT bill is now scheduled for debate by the Senate in early 2012. This momentum by the Australian government indicates its aim to pass the bill through both houses of Parliament in time for the proposed July 1, 2012 start date. If
implemented as proposed, the MRRT may have a significant impact on our financial statements. The impacts of the MRRT will be recorded in the financial period during which the legislation is enacted. 

Changes in laws or regulations or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement adversely could impact our financial performance and restrict our
ability to operate our business or execute our strategies. 

New laws or regulations, or changes in existing laws or
regulations, or the manner of their interpretation or enforcement, could increase our cost of doing business and restrict our ability to operate our business or execute our strategies. This includes, among other things, the possible taxation under
U.S. law of certain income from foreign operations, compliance costs and enforcement under the Dodd-Frank Act, and costs associated with complying with the PPACA and the Reconciliation Act and the regulations promulgated thereunder. The impact of
the U.S. health care reform will be phased in between 2011 and 2014 and will likely have a significant adverse impact on our costs of providing employee health benefits. In addition, as a result of the health care reform legislation that has been
passed, our results of operations were negatively impacted by a non-cash income tax charge of approximately $16.1 million in the first quarter of 2010 to reflect the reduced deductibility of the postretirement prescription drug coverage. As with any
significant government action, the provisions of the health care reform legislation are still being assessed and may have additional financial accounting and reporting ramifications. The impact of any such changes, which we continue to evaluate on
our business operations and financial statements, remains uncertain. 

Mine closures entail substantial costs, and if we close one or more
of our mines sooner than anticipated, our results of operations and financial condition may be affected significantly and adversely. 

If we close any of our mines, our revenues would be reduced unless we were able to increase production at our other mines, which may not be possible. The closure of a mining operation involves significant
fixed closure costs, including accelerated employment legacy costs, severance-related obligations, reclamation and other environmental costs, and the costs of terminating long-term obligations, including energy contracts and equipment leases. We
base our assumptions regarding the life of our mines on detailed studies we perform from time to time, but those studies and assumptions are subject to uncertainties and estimates that may not be accurate. We recognize the costs of reclaiming open
pits and shafts, stockpiles, tailings ponds, roads and other mining support areas based on the estimated mining life of our property. If we were to significantly reduce the estimated life of any of our mines, the mine-closure costs would be applied
to a shorter period of production, which would increase production costs per ton produced and could significantly and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

A North American mine permanent closure could significantly increase and accelerate employment legacy costs, including our expense and
funding costs for pension and other postretirement benefit obligations. A number of employees would be eligible for immediate retirement under special eligibility rules that apply upon a mine closure. All employees eligible for immediate retirement
under the pension plans at the time of the permanent mine closure also would be eligible for postretirement health and life insurance benefits, thereby 

33 

Table of Contents

accelerating our obligation to provide these benefits. Certain mine closures would precipitate a pension closure liability significantly greater than an ongoing operation liability. Finally, a
permanent mine closure could trigger severance-related obligations, which can equal up to eight weeks of pay per employee, depending on length of service. However, no employee entitled to an immediate pension upon closure of a mine is entitled to
severance. As a result, the closure of one or more of our mines could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We are subject to risks involving operations and sales in multiple countries. 

We have a strategy to broaden our scope as a supplier of iron ore and other raw materials to the global integrated steel industry. As we
expand beyond our traditional North American base business, we will be subject to additional risks beyond those risks relating to our North American operations, such as fluctuations in currency exchange rates; potentially adverse tax consequences
due to overlapping or differing tax structures; burdens to comply with multiple and potentially conflicting foreign laws and regulations, including export requirements, tariffs and other barriers, environmental health and safety requirements and
unexpected changes in any of these laws and regulations; the imposition of duties, tariffs, import and export controls and other trade barriers impacting the seaborne iron ore and coal markets; difficulties in staffing and managing multi-national
operations; political and economic instability and disruptions, including terrorist attacks; disadvantages of competing against companies from countries that are not subject to U.S. laws and regulations, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act;
and uncertainties in the enforcement of legal rights and remedies in multiple jurisdictions. If we are unable to manage successfully the risks associated with expanding our global business, these risks could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations or financial condition. 

We may have additional tax liabilities if proposed U.S. income tax law changes are
adopted. 

The Budget Control Act of 2011, which was signed into law by President Obama on August 2, 2011, placed a cap
on U.S. Federal Government discretionary spending of $917 billion, raised the debt ceiling and created the Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction, the so-called “Supercommittee”. The Supercommittee was to develop a deficit reduction
package that would bring about $1.2 trillion in savings over ten years. The President, on September 19, 2011, unveiled the Administration’s plan to reduce the U.S. Federal Government deficit by an additional $3 trillion over the next
decade, largely through tax and healthcare policy changes that include many of the revenue offset proposals included in the Administration’s fiscal year 2012 budget proposal, such as international tax reform and repeal of the LIFO method of
accounting. The President’s plan also proposed repealing percentage depletion for hard mineral fossil fuels and the ability to claim the domestic manufacturing deduction against income derived from the production of coal and other hard mineral
fossil fuels. In as much as the Supercommittee failed to meet its deadline, the passage of any legislation as a result of these proposals or any other similar changes in U.S. federal income tax laws is unclear. However, any changes could eliminate
certain tax deductions that are available currently to Cliffs. The loss of these tax deductions would affect adversely our taxable income and without a corresponding reduction in the U.S. statutory rate, would generate additional tax liabilities.

We are subject to a variety of market risks. 

Market risks include those caused by changes in the value of equity investments, changes in commodity prices, interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We have established policies and
procedures to manage such risks; however, certain risks are beyond our control. 

Estimates relating to new development projects are
uncertain and we may incur higher costs and lower economic returns than estimated. 

Mine development projects typically
require a number of years and significant expenditures during the development phase before production is possible. Such projects could experience unexpected problems and delays during development, construction and mine start-up. 

34 

Table of Contents

Our decision to develop a project typically is based on the results of feasibility studies,
which estimate the anticipated economic returns of a project. The actual project profitability or economic feasibility may differ from such estimates as a result of any of the following factors, among others: 

•

 changes in tonnage, grades and metallurgical characteristics of ore to be mined and processed; 

•

 higher input commodity and labor costs; 

•

 the quality of the data on which engineering assumptions were made; 

•

 adverse geotechnical conditions; 

•

 availability of adequate labor force; 

•

 availability and cost of water and power; 

•

 fluctuations in inflation and currency exchange rates; 

•

 availability and terms of financing; 

•

 delays in obtaining environmental or other government permits or changes in the laws and regulations related to those permits;

•

 weather or severe climate impacts; and 

•

 potential delays relating to social and community issues. 

Our future development activities may not result in the expansion or replacement of current production with new production, or one or more of these new production sites or facilities may be less
profitable than currently anticipated or may not be profitable at all, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position.