The following risks and uncertainties, as well as other
factors described elsewhere in this Report or in other filings by the Company with the SEC, could adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not currently
known to the Company or that are not currently believed by the Company to be material may also harm the Company’s business operations and financial results. 

The Company’s operating results and net earnings may not meet expectations. 

The Company cannot be certain that its operating results
and net earnings will meet its expectations. If the Company’s assumptions and estimates are incorrect or do not come to fruition, or if the Company does not achieve all of its key goals, then its actual performance could vary materially from
its expectations. The Company’s operating results and net earnings may be influenced by a number of factors, including the following: 

•

 significant increases in the costs of energy and transportation, including the cost of diesel, or key raw materials including but not limited to resin,
chlor-alkali, agricultural commodities and other raw materials; 

Page 8 

Table of Contents

•

 the impact of general economic conditions in the United States and in other countries in which the Company currently does business; 

•

 consumer and customer reaction to price increases; 

•

 changes in product pricing by the Company or its competitors; 

•

 the introduction of new products and line extensions by the Company or its competitors; 

•

 the mix of products with varying profitability sold in a given quarter; 

•

 the mix of products sold within different channels and countries with varying profitability in a given quarter; 

•

 the Company’s ability to control internal costs; 

•

 the effectiveness of the Company’s advertising, marketing and promotional programs; 

•

 the ability of the Company to execute its Centennial Strategy successfully; 

•

 the availability and cost of debt financing; 

•

 the ability of the Company to maintain and enhance profits in the face of a consolidating retail environment; 

•

 the ability of the Company to successfully implement and achieve the expected benefits of its process improvement initiatives; 

•

 the ability of the Company to achieve its business plans, including volume growth and pricing plans, as a result of high levels of competitive activity;

•

 the ability of the Company to penetrate and grow international markets; 

•

 the ability of the Company to maintain key retail customer relationships; 

•

 the ability of the Company to generate expected cost savings and efficiencies; 

•

 the ability of the Company to maintain the value of its brands; 

•

 the ability of the Company to successfully manage regulatory, tax and legal matters, including the resolution of pending matters within current estimates;

•

 changes to cash flow resulting from the Company’s operating results, tax,settlement payments, debt repayments and share repurchases;

•

 gains or losses in the value of the Company’s investment portfolio or pension assets; 

•

 the ability of the Company to manage inventory at appropriate levels, including decisions regarding obsolescence; 

•

 the impact of any litigation or product liability claims; 

•

 fluctuations in federal, state, local and foreign taxes; 

•

 expenses for impairment and obsolescence of property, plant and equipment in excess of projections; 

Page 9 

Table of Contents

•

 the impact of potential emerging technologies on the Company’s existing product lines, including any potential future obsolescence;

•

 expenses for impairment of goodwill, trademarks and other intangible assets and equity investments in excess of projections; 

•

 charges resulting from any restructuring that management may, from time to time, choose to undertake; 

•

 the ability of the Company to make up for lost revenues resulting from divestitures; 

•

 the impact of changing accounting principles and standards; 

•

 significant increases in interest rates, insurance costs, or in pension, healthcare or other employee benefit costs; 

•

 the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel; 

•

 the impact of environmental remediation costs, including those for which the Company is jointly and severally liable; 

•

 the impact of changes in the market value of investments, including those investments held in the Company’s pension plan; 

•

 the impact of currency fluctuations; and 

•

 the impact of foreign import and export restrictions or other trade regulations. 

In addition, sales volume growth, whether due to acquisitions or to internal growth, can place burdens on management resources and financial controls that, in turn, can have a negative impact on operating results and
net earnings. To some extent, the Company sets its expense levels in anticipation of future revenues. If actual revenue falls short of these expectations, operating results and net earnings are likely to be adversely affected. 

Price increases in raw materials, energy, transportation and other necessary supplies or services could harm the Company’s profits. 

During fiscal year 2008, the Company experienced commodity and energy cost increases of approximately $137 million, and the Company expects greater increases in these
costs in fiscal year 2009 by an estimated $180 million to $200 million. Increases in the cost of raw materials including resin, chlor-alkali, linerboard, soybean oil, solvent, natural oils and other chemicals and agricultural commodities, or
increases in the cost of energy, transportation and other necessary services, including the cost of diesel, may harm the Company’s profits and operating results. If price increases for any of the primary raw materials or other necessary
supplies or services occur and the Company is not able to increase the prices of its products or achieve cost savings to offset such price increases, its profits and operating results will be harmed. In addition, if the Company increases the prices
of its products in response to increases in the cost of commodities, and the commodity costs decline, the Company may not be able to sustain its price increases over time. 

For further information regarding the impact of changes in commodity prices, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” on page 16 of Exhibit 99.1 hereto, incorporated herein by reference. 

Reliance on a limited base of suppliers
may result in disruption to the Company’s business. 

The Company relies on a limited number of suppliers, including sole suppliers for certain of
its raw materials, packaging, product components, finished products and other necessary supplies. If the Company is unable to maintain supplier arrangements and relations, or if it is unable to contract with suppliers at the quantity and quality
levels needed for its business, or if any of the Company’s suppliers becomes insolvent or experiences other financial distress, the Company could experience disruptions in production and its financial results could be adversely affected.

Page 10 

Table of Contents

The Company faces intense competition in its markets, which could lead to reduced profitability. 

The Company faces intense competition from consumer product companies both in the U.S. and in its international markets. Most of the Company’s products compete with
other widely-advertised brands within each product category and with “private label” brands and “generic” nonbranded products of grocery chains and wholesale cooperatives in certain categories, which typically are sold at lower
prices. The Company also encounters competition from similar and alternative products, many of which are produced and marketed by major multinational or national companies. 

The Company’s products generally compete on the basis of product performance, brand recognition, price, quality or other benefits to consumers. Advertising, promotion, merchandising and packaging also have a
significant impact on consumer purchasing decisions. A newly introduced consumer product (whether improved or newly developed) usually encounters intense competition requiring substantial expenditures for advertising, sales promotion and trade
merchandising. If a product gains consumer acceptance, it normally requires continued advertising, promotional support and product improvements to maintain its relative market position. 

Some of the Company’s competitors are larger and have financial resources greater than those of the Company. These competitors may be able to spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional activities,
introduce competing products more quickly and respond more effectively to changing business and economic conditions than the Company can. In addition, the Company’s competitors may attempt to gain market share by offering products at prices at
or below those typically offered by the Company. Competitive activity may require the Company to increase its spending on advertising and promotions or reduce prices and could lead to reduced profits and could adversely affect growth. 

Volume growth may be difficult to achieve. 

A large percentage of the
Company’s revenues comes from mature markets that are subject to increased competition. During fiscal year 2008, approximately 80% of the Company’s net sales were generated in U.S. markets. U.S. markets for household products are
considered mature and are generally characterized by high household penetration. The Company’s ability to achieve volume growth will depend on its ability to drive growth through innovation, investment in its established brands and enhanced
merchandising and its ability to capture market share from competitors. In addition, price increases may slow volume growth or create declines in volume in the short term as consumers adjust to price increases. If the Company is unable to increase
market share in existing product lines, develop product improvements, undertake sales and demand building initiatives to grow its product categories, and develop, acquire or successfully launch new products, it may not achieve its volume growth
objectives. 

The Company may not successfully develop and introduce new products and line extensions. 

The Company’s future performance and growth depends on its ability to successfully develop and introduce new products and line extensions. The Company cannot be
certain that it will successfully achieve those goals. The development and introduction of new products requires substantial and effective research, development and marketing expenditures, which the Company may be unable to recoup if the new
products do not gain widespread market acceptance. New product development and marketing efforts have inherent risks, including product development or launch delays, which could result in the Company not being first to market, the failure of new
products and line extensions to achieve anticipated levels of market acceptance, and the cost of failed product introductions. 

Page 11 

Table of Contents

Dependence on key customers could adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

A limited number of customers account for a large percentage of the Company’s net sales. The Company’s largest customer, Wal-Mart
Stores, Inc. and its domestic and international affiliated companies, accounted for approximately 26% of the Company’s net sales during fiscal years 2008, 2007 and 2006. During fiscal years 2008, 2007 and 2006, the Company’s five largest
customers accounted for 42%, 42% and 41% of its total consolidated net sales, respectively. The Company expects that a significant portion of its revenues will continue to be derived from a small number of customers. As a result, changes in the
strategies of the Company’s largest customers, including a reduction in the number of brands they carry or a shift of shelf space to “private-label” or competitors’ products, may harm the Company’s sales. In addition, the
Company’s business is based primarily upon individual sales orders, and the Company typically does not enter into long-term contracts with its customers. Accordingly, these customers could reduce their purchasing levels or cease buying products
from the Company at any time and for any reason. If the Company ceases doing business with a significant customer or if sales of its products to a significant customer materially decrease, the Company’s business, financial condition and results
of operations may be harmed. 

Failure to effectively respond to the demands of the Company’s customers could have a significant impact on the
Company’s business. 

The Company’s business is dependent on the Company’s ability to successfully manage relationships with its retail
trade customers. If the Company does not effectively respond to the demands of its customers, they could decrease their purchases from the Company, causing the Company’s sales and profits to decline. In recent years, the Company has seen
increasing retailer consolidation both in the U.S. and internationally. This trend has resulted in the increased size and influence of large consolidated retailers, who may demand lower pricing or special packaging, or impose other requirements on
product suppliers. These business demands may relate to inventory practices, logistics, or other aspects of the customer-supplier relationship. If a large consolidated retailer decreased their purchases from the Company due to the Company’s
inability to meet the retailer’s demands, the Company’s business could be especially impacted. 

The Company’s financial results could
suffer if the Company is unable to implement its Centennial Strategy or if the Centennial Strategy does not achieve its intended effects. 

The
Company’s strategic plan, named the Centennial Strategy for the Company’s milestone anniversary in 2013, was announced in May 2007. A key driver of the strategy is to accelerate sales by growing existing brands, expanding into adjacent
product categories, entering new sales channels, increasing distribution within existing countries and pursuing new business in growing markets where the company can establish and sustain a competitive advantage. 

There is no assurance that the Company will be able to implement the Centennial Strategy or achieve the intended growth targets. Any changes to the Company’s
portfolio, whether through the development of new products or through acquisitions, mergers or divestitures, are inherently risky and costly. The success of such changes depends on many factors, including consumer and customer acceptance of new
products, the integration of any acquired companies and the deployment of proceeds from any divestitures. If we are unable to implement the Centennial Strategy in accordance with our expectations, the Company’s financial results could be
adversely affected. Moreover, the Company cannot be certain that successful implementation of the Centennial Strategy will necessarily advance the Company’s business or financial results. 

Acquisitions and new venture investments may not be successful. 

In
connection with the Company’s Centennial Strategy, the Company may seek to increase growth through acquisitions. Not only is the identification of good acquisition candidates difficult and competitive, but these transactions also involve
numerous risks, including the ability to: 

•

 successfully integrate acquired companies, products or personnel into the Company’s existing business; 

Page 12 

Table of Contents

•

 achieve expected synergies and obtain the desired financial or strategic benefits from acquisitions; 

•

 retain key relationships with employees, customers, partners and suppliers of acquired companies; and 

•

 maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies throughout acquired companies. 

Companies or operations acquired or joint ventures created may not be profitable or may not achieve sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made.
Future acquisitions could also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities and/or amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets and increased operating expenses, which
could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. In addition, to the extent that the economic benefits associated with any of the Company’s acquisitions diminish in the future, the Company may be required
to record additional write-downs of goodwill, intangible assets or other assets associated with such acquisitions, which could adversely affect its operating results. 

For example, in November 2007, the Company acquired Burt’s Bees Inc. (BBI), a leading manufacturer and marketer of natural personal care products, for an aggregate purchase price of $913 million (excluding $25
million of associated tax benefits). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to achieve the sales and profit growth or increased distribution in the BBI business that management has projected. 

In addition, any future new venture investments may not be successful. In fiscal year 2008, the Company terminated certain new venture investments that it decided not to
pursue, resulting in charges related to the write-down of such investments. For additional information, see “Restructuring and asset impairment costs” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” on pages 7 and 8 of Exhibit 99.1 hereto, incorporated herein by reference. 

Operations outside the United States expose the Company to
uncertain conditions and other risks in international markets. 

The Company’s sales outside the United States were approximately 20% of net sales
in fiscal year 2008, and its strategy includes expanding its international business. As of June 30, 2008, the Company owned and operated 20 manufacturing facilities outside the United States. The Company faces and will continue to face
substantial risks associated with having foreign operations, including: 

•

 economic or political instability in its international markets, particularly in Colombia and Venezuela; 

•

 difficulty in obtaining the raw materials needed to manufacture the Company’s products, particularly in Venezuela; 

•

 restrictions on or costs relating to the repatriation of foreign profits to the United States, including possible taxes or withholding obligations on any
repatriations; and 

•

 the imposition of tariffs or trade restrictions. 

These risks could have a significant impact on the Company’s ability to sell its products on a competitive basis in international markets and may have a material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial position. The
Company’s small volume in some countries, relative to some multinational and local competitors, could exacerbate such risks. 

Also, the Company’s
operations outside the United States are subject to risks relating to appropriate compliance with legal and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions, potential difficulties in staffing and managing local operations, potentially higher
incidence of fraud or corruption, credit risk of local customers and distributors, and potentially adverse tax consequences. 

Page 13 

Table of Contents

The Company is also exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to its sales, profits, assets and
liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Although the Company uses instruments to hedge certain foreign currency risks, it is not fully protected against foreign currency fluctuations and its reported earnings may be
affected by changes in foreign exchange rates. Moreover, any favorable impacts to profit margins or financial results from fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates are likely to be unsustainable over time. 

The share exchange with Henkel KGaA (Henkel) could result in significant tax liability. 

On November 22, 2004, the Company completed the exchange of its ownership interest in a subsidiary for Henkel’s approximately 61.4 million shares of the Company’s common stock, which represented
approximately 29% of the Company’s common stock prior to the exchange. In connection with the exchange, the Company agreed to indemnify Henkel for any taxes imposed on it if the Company’s actions result in a breach of the representations
and warranties that the Company made in its agreement with Henkel in a manner that causes the share exchange to fail to qualify as a tax-free distribution under Section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code. Henkel agreed to similar obligations. It
is expected that the amount of any such taxes to Henkel and to the Company would be substantial, if imposed, and the Company’s indemnification obligations to Henkel are not limited in amount or subject to any cap. Although certain of the taxes
described above would be imposed on Henkel, the Company would, in certain circumstances, be liable for all or a portion of such taxes. During the first quarter of fiscal year 2008, the Company entered into an agreement with the IRS agreeing to the
tax-free treatment of the share exchange transaction. Henkel has advised the Company that the IRS has completed its audit of Henkel’s U.S. group’s federal income tax return for the year in which the share exchange transaction took place
and did not propose any adjustments to Henkel’s tax-free treatment of the share exchange transaction. Nonetheless, the Company cannot be certain that the share exchange will qualify for tax-free treatment to it or to Henkel since the statutes
of limitations permitting IRS assessment of tax against the Company and Henkel remain open. If the Company is required to indemnify Henkel under the circumstances set forth in its agreement with Henkel, it could result in a substantial impact to the
Company’s financial results and liquidity. 

Resolutions of tax disputes may impact the Company’s earnings and cash flow. 

Significant judgment is required in determining the Company’s effective tax rate and in evaluating its tax positions. On July 1, 2007, the Company adopted FASB
Interpretation No. (FIN) 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes – an Interpretation of Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No. 109. The Company provides for uncertain tax positions when such tax positions do not
meet the recognition thresholds or measurement standards prescribed by FIN 48. Changes to uncertain tax positions, including related interest and penalties, impact the Company’s effective tax rate. When particular tax matters arise, a number of
years may elapse before such matters are audited and finally resolved. Favorable resolution of such matters could be recognized as a reduction to the Company’s effective tax rate in the year of resolution. Unfavorable resolution of any tax
matter could increase the effective tax rate. Any resolution of a tax issue may require the use of cash in the year of resolution. For additional information, refer to the information set forth in Note 20 - 
Income Taxes of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on page 51 of Exhibit 99.1 hereto, incorporated herein by reference 

Additional government regulations could
impose material costs. 

Generally, the manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage, distribution and advertising of the Company’s products and the
conduct of its business operations must all comply with extensive federal, state and foreign laws and regulations. For example, in the United States, many of the Company’s products are regulated by the Environmental Protection Agency, the Food
and Drug Administration and the Consumer Product Safety Commission and the Company’s product claims and advertising are regulated by the Federal Trade Commission. In addition, security at certain of our facilities is regulated by the Department
of Homeland Security. Most states have agencies that regulate in parallel to these federal agencies. In addition, the Company’s international operations are subject to regulation in each of the foreign jurisdictions in which it manufactures or
distributes its products. If the Company is found to be out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these or other areas, it could be subject to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, recalls or asset seizures, as well as
potential criminal sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its business. Loss of or failure to obtain necessary permits and registrations could delay or prevent the Company from meeting current product 

Page 14 

Table of Contents

demand, introducing new products, building new facilities or acquiring new businesses and could adversely affect operating results, particularly with respect
to its charcoal business. It is possible that the federal government will increase regulation of the transportation, storage or use of certain chemicals to enhance homeland security or protect the environment and that such regulation could
negatively impact the Company’s ability to obtain raw material or increase costs. 

Product liability claims could adversely affect the
Company’s sales and operating results. 

The Company may be required to pay for losses or injuries purportedly caused by its products. Claims could
be based on allegations that, among other things, the Company’s products contain contaminants or provide inadequate instructions regarding their use, or inadequate warnings concerning interactions with other substances. Product liability claims
could result in negative publicity that could harm the Company’s sales and operating results. In addition, if one of the Company’s products is found to be defective, the Company could be required to recall it, which could result in adverse
publicity and significant expenses. Although the Company maintains product liability insurance coverage, potential product liability claims may exceed the amount of insurance coverage or certain product liability claims may be excluded under the
terms of the policy. 

Environmental matters create potential liability risks. 

The Company must comply with various environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates, including those relating to air emissions, water discharges, the handling and disposal of solid and
hazardous wastes and the remediation of contamination associated with the use and disposal of hazardous substances. The Company is currently involved in or has potential liability with respect to the remediation of past contamination in the
operation of some of its currently and formerly owned and leased facilities. In addition, some of its present and former facilities have been or had been in operation for many years and, over that time, some of these facilities may have used
substances or generated and disposed of wastes that are or may be considered hazardous. It is possible that those sites, as well as disposal sites owned by third parties to whom the Company has sent waste, may in the future be identified and become
the subject of remediation. It is possible that the Company could become subject to additional environmental liabilities in the future that could result in a material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition. 

At June 30, 2008, the Company had a recorded liability of $20 million for its future remediation costs. One matter in Dickinson County, Michigan, for which the
Company is jointly and severally liable, accounts for a substantial majority of the recorded liability. The Company is subject to a cost-sharing arrangement with another party for this matter, and the Company has agreed to be liable for 24.3% of the
aggregate remediation and associated costs, other than legal fees, as it and the other party are each responsible for their own such fees. The other party in this matter reported substantial net losses for the full calendar year 2007 and the first
half of calendar year 2008 and indicated that it expects substantial net losses for the remainder of calendar year 2008. If the other party with whom the Company shares joint and several liability is unable to pay its share of the response and
remediation obligations, the Company would likely be responsible for such obligations. In October 2004, the Company and the other party agreed to a consent judgment with the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality, which sets forth certain
remediation goals and monitoring activities. Based on the current status of this matter, and with the assistance of environmental consultants, the Company maintains an undiscounted liability representing its best estimate of its share of costs
associated with the capital expenditures, maintenance and other costs to be incurred over an estimated 30-year remediation period. The most significant components of the liability relate to the estimated costs associated with the remediation of
groundwater contamination and excess levels of subterranean methane deposits. Currently, the Company cannot accurately predict the timing of the payments that will likely be made under this estimated obligation. In addition, the estimated loss
exposure is sensitive to a variety of uncertain factors, including the efficacy of remediation efforts, changes in remediation requirements and the timing, varying costs and alternative clean-up technologies that may become available in the future.
Although it is possible that the Company’s exposure may exceed the amount recorded, any amount of such additional exposures, or range of exposures, is not estimable at this time. 

The Company also handles and/or transports hazardous substances, including but not limited to chlorine, at its plant sites, including the rail transit of liquid chlorine from its point of origin to the Company’s
manufacturing facilities. A release of such chemicals, whether in transit or at our facilities, due to accident or an intentional act, could result in substantial liability. The Company has incurred, and will continue to incur, significant capital
and operating expenditures and other costs in complying with environmental laws and regulations and in providing physical security for its worldwide operations, and such expenditures reduce the cash flow available to the Company for other purposes.

Page 15 

Table of Contents

Failure to maximize or to successfully assert the Company’s intellectual property rights could impact its
competitiveness. 

The Company relies on trademark, trade secret, patent and copyright laws to protect its intellectual property rights. The Company
cannot be sure that these intellectual property rights will be maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. There is a risk that the Company will not be able to obtain and perfect its own intellectual property rights or, where appropriate,
license intellectual property rights necessary to support new product introductions. The Company cannot be certain that these rights, if obtained, will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged in the future, and the Company could incur
significant costs in connection with legal actions to defend its intellectual property rights. In addition, even if such rights are obtained in the United States, the laws of some of the other countries in which the Company’s products are or
may be sold do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. If other parties infringe the Company’s intellectual property rights, they may dilute the value of the Company’s brands in the
marketplace, which could diminish the value that consumers associate with the Company’s brands and harm its sales. The failure to perfect or successfully assert its intellectual property rights could make the Company less competitive and could
have a material adverse effect on its business, operating results and financial condition. 

If the Company is found to have infringed the intellectual
property rights of others, its competitiveness could be negatively impacted. 

If the Company is found to have violated the trademark, trade secret,
copyright, patent or other intellectual property rights of others, such a finding could result in the need to cease use of a trademark, trade secret, copyrighted work or patented invention in the Company’s business and the obligation to pay a
substantial amount for past infringement. It could also be necessary to pay a substantial amount in the future if the rights holders are willing to permit the Company to continue to use the intellectual property rights. Either having to cease use or
pay such amounts could make the Company less competitive and could have a material adverse impact on its business, operating results and financial condition. 

The Company’s substantial indebtedness could adversely affect its operations and financial results and prevent the Company from fulfilling its obligations. 

The Company has a significant amount of indebtedness. As of June 30, 2008, the Company had $3.5 billion of debt. The Company’s substantial indebtedness could have important consequences. For example, it
could: 

•

 make it more difficult for the Company to satisfy its cash obligations; 

•

 increase the Company’s vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 limit the Company’s ability to fund potential acquisitions; 

•

 require the Company to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to payments on its indebtedness, which would reduce the availability
of its cash flow to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures, expansion efforts and other general corporate purposes; 

•

 limit the Company’s flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and the industry in which it operates; 

•

 place the Company at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors that have less debt; and 

•

 limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants in the Company’s indebtedness, among other things, its ability to borrow additional funds.
Failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could have a significant adverse effect on the Company. 

Page 16 

Table of Contents

The Company may not have sufficient cash to service its indebtedness and pay cash dividends. 

The Company’s ability to repay and refinance its indebtedness and to fund capital expenditures depends on the Company’s cash flow. In addition, the
Company’s ability to pay cash dividends depends on cash flow and net profits (as defined by Delaware law). The Company’s cash flow and net profits are often subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and
other factors beyond the Company’s control, and such factors may limit the Company’s ability to repay indebtedness and pay cash dividends. 

The Company may incur substantially more debt, which could further exacerbate the risks described above. 

The Company may incur substantial
additional indebtedness in the future to fund acquisitions, to repurchase shares or to fund other activities for general business purposes, subject to compliance with the Company’s existing restrictive debt covenants. As of June 30, 2008,
approximately $1.2 billion was available to borrow under the Company’s $1.2 billion revolving credit facility. If new debt is added to the current debt levels, the related risks that the Company now faces could intensify. In addition, the cost
of incurring additional debt could increase due to possible additional downgrades in the Company’s credit rating. 

The facilities of the Company
and its suppliers are subject to disruption by events beyond the Company’s control. 

Operations at the manufacturing facilities of the Company and
its suppliers are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons, including work stoppages, acts of war, terrorism, pandemics, fire, earthquakes, flooding or other natural disasters. In addition, the Company’s corporate headquarters and
Technical Center are located near major earthquake fault lines in California. If a major disruption were to occur, it could result in harm to people or the natural environment, temporary loss of access to critical data, delays in shipments of
products to customers or suspension of operations. 

The Company’s continued growth and expansion and increasing reliance on third party service
providers could adversely affect its internal control over financial reporting, which could harm its business and financial results. 

Clorox management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external
purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Internal control over financial reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the Company’s
transactions, providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are made in accordance with management’s authorization, and providing reasonable assurance that the unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that
a misstatement of the Company’s financial statements would be prevented or detected. The Company’s continuing growth and expansion in domestic and globally dispersed markets will place significant additional pressure on the Company’s
system of internal control over financial reporting. Moreover, the Company increasingly engages the services of third parties to assist with business operations and financial reporting processes, which inserts additional monitoring obligations and
risk into the system of internal control. Any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit the Company’s ability to report its financial results accurately and on a timely basis or to detect
and prevent fraud.