The following risks and uncertainties, as well as other factors described elsewhere in this Report
or in other filings by the Company with the SEC, could adversely affect the Company’s business,
financial condition and results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties that are not
currently known to the Company or that are not currently believed by the Company to be material may
also harm the Company’s business operations and financial results.

The Company’s operating results and net earnings may not meet expectations.

The Company cannot be certain that its operating results and net earnings will meet its
expectations. If the Company’s assumptions and estimates are incorrect or do not come to fruition,
or if the Company does not achieve all of its key goals, then its actual performance could vary
materially from its expectations. The Company’s operating results and net earnings may be
influenced by a number of factors, including the following:

•

the introduction of new products and line extensions by the Company or its competitors;

•

the mix of products with varying profitability sold in a given quarter;

•

the mix of products sold within channels and different countries with varying profitability in a given quarter;

•

the Company’s ability to control internal costs;

•

significant increases in the costs of energy, transportation or key raw materials
including but not limited to resin, chlor-alkali, linerboard, soybean oil, diesel, solvent
and other chemicals;

•

the effectiveness of the Company’s advertising, marketing and promotional programs;

•

changes in product pricing by the Company or its competitors;

•

consumer and customer reaction to price increases;

•

the ability of the Company to execute its strategy;

•

the availability and cost of debt financing;

•

the ability of the Company to maintain and enhance profits in the face of a consolidating retail environment;

•

the ability of the Company to successfully implement and achieve the expected benefits of
its process improvement initiatives;

•

the ability of the Company to achieve its business plans, including volume growth and
pricing plans, as a result of high levels of competitive activity;

7

Table of Contents

•

the ability of the Company to penetrate and grow international markets;

•

the ability of the Company to maintain key retail customer relationships;

•

the ability of the Company to generate expected cost savings and efficiencies;

•

the ability of the Company to maintain the value of its brands;

•

the ability of the Company to successfully manage regulatory, tax and legal matters,
including resolution of pending matters within current estimates;

•

changes to cash flow resulting from tax payments, tax settlements and share repurchases;

•

the ability of the Company to manage inventory at appropriate levels, including decisions regarding obsolescence;

•

the impact of any litigation or product liability claims;

•

fluctuations in federal, state, local and foreign taxes;

•

expenses for impairment and obsolescence of property, plant and equipment in excess of projections;

•

expenses for impairment of goodwill, trademarks and other intangible assets and equity
investments in excess of projections;

•

charges resulting from any restructuring that management may, from time to time, choose to undertake;

•

the ability of the Company to make up for lost revenues resulting from divestitures;

•

the impact of changing accounting principles and standards;

•

significant increases in interest rates, insurance costs, or in pension, healthcare or other employee benefit costs;

•

the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel;

•

the impact of environmental remediation costs, including those for which the Company is jointly and severally liable;

•

the impact of currency fluctuations;

•

the impact of foreign import and export restrictions or other trade regulations; and

•

the impact of general economic conditions in the United States and in other countries in
which the Company currently does business.

In addition, sales volume growth, whether due to acquisitions or to internal growth, can place
burdens on management resources and financial controls that, in turn, can have a negative impact on
operating results and net earnings. To some extent, the Company sets its expense levels in
anticipation of future revenues. If actual revenue falls short of these expectations, operating
results and net earnings are likely to be adversely affected.

The Company faces intense competition in its markets, which could lead to reduced profitability.

The Company faces intense competition from consumer product companies both in the U.S. and in its
international markets. Most of the Company’s products compete with other widely-advertised brands
within each product category and with “private label” brands and “generic” nonbranded products of
grocery chains and wholesale cooperatives in certain categories, which typically are sold at lower
prices. The Company also encounters competition from similar and alternative products, many of
which are produced and marketed by major multinational or national companies.

The Company’s products generally compete on the basis of product performance, brand recognition,
price, quality or other benefits to consumers. Advertising, promotion, merchandising and packaging
also have a significant impact on consumer purchasing decisions. A newly introduced consumer
product (whether improved or newly developed) usually encounters intense competition requiring
substantial expenditures for advertising, sales promotion and trade merchandising. If a product
gains consumer acceptance, it normally requires continued advertising and promotional support to
maintain its relative market position.

8

Table of Contents

Some of the Company’s competitors are larger and have financial resources greater than those of the
Company. These competitors may be able to spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional
activities, introduce competing products more quickly and respond more effectively to changing
business and economic conditions than the Company can. In addition, the Company’s competitors may
attempt to gain market share by offering products at prices at or below those typically offered by
the Company.
Competitive activity may require the Company to increase its spending on advertising and promotions
or reduce prices and could lead to reduced profits and could adversely affect growth.

Volume growth may be difficult to achieve.

A large percentage of the Company’s revenues come from mature markets that are subject to increased
competition. During fiscal year 2007, approximately 82% of the Company’s net sales were generated
in U.S. markets. U.S. markets for household products are considered mature and are generally
characterized by high household penetration. The Company’s ability to achieve volume growth will
depend on its ability to drive growth through innovation and investment in its established brands
and its ability to capture market share from competitors. In addition, price increases may slow
volume growth or create declines in volume in the short term as consumers adjust to price
increases. If the Company is unable to increase market share in existing product lines, or develop
innovation to grow its product categories, or develop, acquire or successfully launch new products,
it may not achieve its volume growth objectives.

Price increases in raw materials, energy, transportation and other necessary supplies or services
could harm the Company’s profits.

Significant increases in the cost of raw materials including resin, chlor-alkali, linerboard,
soybean oil, solvent and other miscellaneous chemicals, or increases in the cost of energy,
transportation and other necessary services, may harm the Company’s profits and operating results.
In particular, during fiscal years 2006 and 2005, the Company experienced unprecedented levels of
price increases for certain of its raw materials and diesel fuel and energy costs, primarily as a
result of supply interruptions caused by hurricanes Katrina and Rita and strong demand versus
available supply. This challenging commodity environment continued through fiscal year 2007, and
the Company also experienced increases in agricultural commodity prices in fiscal year 2007. If
price increases for any of the primary raw materials or other necessary supplies or services occur
and the Company is not able to increase the prices of its products or achieve cost savings to
offset such price increases, its profits and operating results may be harmed. In addition, if the
Company increases the prices of its product in response to increases in commodities costs, and the
commodity costs decline, the Company may not be able to sustain its price increases.

In addition, in some cases, the Company relies on a limited number of suppliers or sole suppliers
for its raw materials or other necessary supplies. If the Company is unable to maintain supplier
arrangements and relations or if it is unable to contract with suppliers at the quantity and
quality levels needed for its business, it could experience disruptions in production and its
financial results could be adversely affected. For further information regarding the impact of
changes in commodity prices, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk” in
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 14
and 15 of Exhibit 99.1 hereto, incorporated herein by reference.

The Company may not successfully develop and introduce new products and line extensions.

The Company’s future performance and growth depends on its ability to successfully develop and
introduce new products and line extensions. The Company cannot be certain that it will successfully
achieve those goals. The development and introduction of new products requires substantial and
effective research, development and marketing expenditures, which the Company may be unable to
recoup if the new products do not gain widespread market acceptance. New product development and
marketing efforts have inherent risks, including product development or launch delays, which could
result in the Company not being first to market, the failure of new products and line extensions to
achieve anticipated levels of market acceptance, and the cost of failed product introductions.

9

Table of Contents

Loss of a significant customer could adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition
and results of operations.

A limited number of customers account for a large percentage of the Company’s net sales. The
Company’s largest customer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and its domestic and international affiliated
companies, accounted for approximately 26% of the Company’s net sales during fiscal years 2007,
2006 and 2005. During fiscal years 2007, 2006 and 2005, the Company’s five largest customers
accounted for 42%, 41% and 40% of its total consolidated net sales, respectively. The Company
expects that a significant portion of its revenues will continue to be derived from a small number
of customers and that these percentages may increase if the growth of mass merchandisers continues.
As a result, changes in the strategies of the Company’s largest customers, including a reduction in
the number of brands they carry or a shift of shelf space to “private-label” or competitors’
products, may harm the Company’s sales. In addition, the Company’s business is based primarily upon
individual sales orders, and the Company typically does not enter into long-term contracts with its
customers. Accordingly, these customers could reduce their purchasing levels or cease buying
products from the Company at any time and for any reason. If the Company ceases doing business with
a significant customer or if sales of its products to a significant customer materially decrease
the Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations would be harmed.

Failure to effectively respond to customer demands could adversely affect the Company’s margins and
results of operations.

In recent years, the Company experienced a consumer purchasing trend away from traditional grocers
and toward mass merchandisers, which include super centers and dollar and club stores. This trend
resulted in the increased size and influence of these mass merchandisers, who may demand lower
pricing or special packaging, or impose other requirements on product suppliers. These business
demands may relate to inventory practices, logistics, or other aspects of the customer-supplier
relationship. If the Company does not effectively respond to the demands of these mass
merchandisers as well as to those of traditional grocers, they could decrease their purchases from
the Company, causing the Company’s sales and profits to decline.

Acquisitions and new venture investments may not be successful.

In connection with the Company’s Centennial Strategy, it may seek to increase growth through
acquisitions. Not only is the identification of good acquisition candidates difficult and
competitive, but these transactions also involve numerous risks, including the ability to:

•

successfully integrate acquired companies, products or personnel into the Company’s existing business;

•

achieve expected synergies and obtain the desired financial or strategic benefits from acquisitions;

•

retain key relationships with employees, customers, partners and suppliers of acquired companies; and

•

maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies throughout acquired companies.

Companies or operations acquired or joint ventures created may not be profitable or may not achieve
sales levels and profitability that justify the investments made. Future acquisitions could also
result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, contingent
liabilities and/or amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets and increased
operating expenses, which could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations and financial
condition. In addition, to the extent that the economic benefits associated with any of the
Company’s acquisitions diminish in the future, the Company may be required to record additional
write-downs of goodwill, intangible assets or other assets associated with such acquisitions, which
could adversely affect its operating results.

In addition, any future new venture investments may not be successful. In fiscal year 2008, the
Company will terminate certain new venture investments resulting in charges related to the
write-down of such investments. For additional information, see “Restructuring and asset impairment
costs” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations”
on pages 5 and 6 of Exhibit 99.1 hereto, incorporated herein by reference.

10

Table of Contents

Operations outside the United States expose the Company to uncertain conditions and other risks in
international markets.

The Company’s sales outside the United States were approximately 18% of net sales in fiscal year
2007, and its strategy includes expanding its international business. As of June 30, 2007, the
Company owned and operated 21 manufacturing facilities outside the United States. The Company has
and will continue to face substantial risks associated with having foreign operations, including:

•

economic or political instability in its international markets, particularly in Colombia and Venezuela;

•

restrictions on or costs relating to the repatriation of foreign profits to the United States; and

•

the imposition of tariffs or trade restrictions.

These risks could have a significant impact on the Company’s ability to sell its products on a
competitive basis in international markets and may have a material adverse effect on its results of
operations or financial position. The Company’s small volume in some countries, relative to some
multinational and local competitors, could exacerbate such risks.

Also, the Company’s operations outside the United States are subject to risks relating to
appropriate compliance with legal and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions, potential
difficulties in staffing and managing local operations, potentially higher incidence of fraud or
corruption, credit risk of local customers and distributors, and potentially adverse tax
consequences.

The Company is also exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to its sales,
profits, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Although the
Company uses instruments to hedge certain foreign currency risks, it is not fully protected against
foreign currency fluctuations and its reported earnings will be affected by changes in foreign
exchange rates.

The share exchange with Henkel KGaA (Henkel) could result in significant tax liability.

On November 22, 2004, the Company completed the exchange of its ownership interest in a subsidiary
for Henkel’s approximately 61.4 million shares of the Company’s common stock, which represented
approximately 29% of the Company’s common stock prior to the exchange. At the time of the share
exchange with Henkel, the Company received an opinion from its special tax counsel to the effect
that, among other things, the share exchange should qualify as a tax-free distribution under
Section 355 of the Internal Revenue Code (the “Code”) and that the Company should recognize no gain
or loss upon the distribution of its subsidiary’s stock to Henkel for U.S. federal income tax
purposes. In addition, at the time of the share exchange, Henkel received an opinion from its
special tax counsel to the effect that, among other things, the share exchange of the subsidiary’s
stock to Henkel should qualify as a tax-free distribution under Section 355 of the Code for U.S.
federal income tax purposes. These opinions were based in part upon various factual representations
that Henkel and the Company made. The Company is not aware of any facts or circumstances that would
cause such representations to be untrue or incomplete in any material respect. Nonetheless, the
Company cannot be certain that the share exchange will qualify for tax-free treatment to it or to
Henkel. The Company did not apply for an advance tax ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the
“IRS”) with respect to the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the share exchange. Opinions of
counsel are not binding on the IRS, and the conclusions expressed in the opinions could be
challenged by the IRS.

In general, the Company agreed to be responsible for Henkel’s taxes on the transaction if the
Company’s actions result in a breach of the representations and warranties in a manner that causes
the share exchange to fail to qualify for tax-free treatment. Henkel agreed to similar obligations.
It is expected that the amount of any such taxes to Henkel and to the Company would be substantial.
Although certain of the taxes described above would be imposed on Henkel, the Company would, in
certain circumstances, be liable for all or a portion of such taxes. See “Risk Factors–If the share
exchange with Henkel is treated as a taxable transaction, and the Company is required to indemnify
Henkel for certain tax liabilities pursuant to the tax matters agreement, it could materially
affect the Company’s liquidity.”

If the share exchange with Henkel is treated as a taxable transaction, and the Company is required
to indemnify Henkel for certain tax liabilities pursuant to the tax matters agreement, it could
materially affect the Company’s liquidity.

In general, pursuant to the tax matters agreement that the Company entered into with Henkel in
connection with the share exchange, the Company agreed to be responsible for any taxes, including
the taxes of Henkel, that result from certain of the Company’s actions or that result from the
Company’s breach of a representation or a covenant that it has given in connection with the tax
opinion delivered to the Company by its special tax counsel and the tax opinion delivered to Henkel
by its special tax counsel, described above, in a manner that causes the share exchange to fail to
qualify for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code. Henkel has agreed to similar
obligations in the tax matters agreement. The Company’s indemnification obligations to Henkel are
not limited in amount or subject to any cap. If the Company is required to indemnify Henkel under
the circumstances set forth in the tax matters agreement, it may be subject to substantial
liabilities that may materially affect its liquidity and, therefore, its ability to service the
senior notes it issued in connection with the share exchange.

11

Table of Contents

Resolutions of tax disputes may impact the Company’s earnings and cash flow.

Significant judgment is required in determining the Company’s effective tax rate and in evaluating
its tax positions. The Company establishes accruals for certain tax contingencies when, despite the
belief that its tax return positions are fully supported, it believes that certain positions will
be challenged and that its positions may not be fully sustained. The tax-contingency accruals are
adjusted in light of changing facts and circumstances, such as the progress of tax audits, case law
development and emerging legislation. The Company’s effective tax rate includes the impact of
tax-contingency accruals and changes to the accruals, including related interest and penalties, as
considered appropriate by management. When particular matters arise, a number of years may elapse
before such matters are audited and finally resolved. Favorable resolution of such matters could be
recognized as a reduction to the Company’s effective tax rate in the year of resolution.
Unfavorable settlement of any particular issue could increase the effective tax rate. Any
resolution of a tax issue may require the use of cash in the year of resolution.

The IRS has completed audits of the Company’s income tax returns through the fiscal year ended June
30, 2002. In April 2005, the Company announced an agreement with the IRS resolving certain tax
issues arising in the period from 1997 through 2000. As a result, the Company paid federal and
state taxes and interest of $94 million and $151 million during fiscal years 2005 and 2006,
respectively. These payments negatively impacted the Company’s cash flows. The Company had
previously accrued for this contingency and released tax-contingency accruals associated with this
settlement in the third quarter of fiscal year 2005. In June 2007, the Company settled remaining
federal tax issues in its fiscal 1997 through 2000 tax years. The Company is in the process of
negotiating tax issues for the fiscal year 2001-2002 period, and has settled, or is near settlement
of, most of the significant tax issues in that period. Resolution of these matters is not expected
to have a material impact on earnings or cash flow. For additional information, refer to the
information set forth in Note 19 – Income Taxes of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
beginning on page 48 of Exhibit 99.1 hereto, incorporated herein by reference.

In June 2006, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Interpretation No. (FIN) 48,
Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes—an Interpretation of Financial Accounting Standards
Board Statement No. 109. For additional information, refer to the information set forth in “New
Accounting Pronouncements” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations” beginning on page 15 of Exhibit 99.1 hereto, incorporated herein by
reference.

Government regulations could impose material costs.

Generally, the manufacture, packaging, labeling, storage, distribution and advertising of the
Company’s products and the conduct of its business operations must all comply with extensive
federal, state and foreign laws and regulations. For example, in the United States, many of the
Company’s products are regulated by the Environmental Protection Agency, the Food and Drug
Administration and the Consumer Product Safety Commission and the Company’s product claims and
advertising are regulated by the Federal Trade Commission. In addition, security at certain of our
facilities is regulated by the Department of Homeland Security. Most states have agencies that
regulate in parallel to these federal agencies. In addition, the Company’s international operations
are subject to regulation in each of the foreign jurisdictions in which it manufactures or
distributes its products. During the past two years, the Company experienced an increase in the
number of regulatory inspections at its facilities in the U.S. If the Company is found to be out of
compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these or other areas, it could be subject to
civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, recalls or asset seizures, as well as potential
criminal sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect on its business. Loss of or
failure to obtain necessary permits and registrations could delay or prevent the Company from
meeting current product demand, introducing new products, building new facilities or acquiring new
businesses and could adversely affect operating results, particularly with respect to its charcoal
business. It is possible that the federal government will increase regulation of the
transportation, storage or use of certain chemicals to enhance homeland security or protect the
environment and that such regulation could negatively impact the Company’s ability to obtain raw
material or increase costs.

Product liability claims could adversely affect the Company’s sales and operating results.

The Company may be required to pay for losses or injuries purportedly caused by its products.
Claims could be based on allegations that, among other things, the Company’s products contain
contaminants, provide inadequate instructions regarding their use, or inadequate warnings
concerning interactions with other substances. Product liability claims could result in negative
publicity that could harm the Company’s sales and operating results. In addition, if one of the
Company’s products is found to be defective, the Company could be required to recall it, which
could result in adverse publicity and significant expenses. Although the Company maintains product
liability insurance coverage, potential product liability claims may exceed the amount of insurance
coverage or certain product liability claims may be excluded under the terms of the policy.

12

Table of Contents

Environmental matters create potential liability risks.

The Company must comply with various environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in
which it operates, including those relating to air emissions, water discharges, the handling and
disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and the remediation of contamination associated with the use
and disposal of hazardous substances. The Company is currently involved in or has potential
liability with respect to the remediation of past contamination in the operation of some of its
currently and formerly owned and leased facilities. In addition, some of its present and former
facilities have been or had been in operation for many years and, over that time, some of these
facilities may have used substances or generated and disposed of wastes that are or may be
considered hazardous. It is possible that those sites, as well as disposal sites owned by third
parties to whom the Company has sent waste, may in the future be identified and become the subject
of remediation. It is possible that the Company could become subject to additional environmental
liabilities in the future that could result in a material adverse effect on its results of
operations or financial condition.

At June 30, 2007, the Company had a recorded liability of $23 million for its future remediation
costs. One matter in Dickinson County, Michigan, for which the Company is jointly and severally
liable, accounts for a substantial majority of the recorded liability. The Company is subject to a
cost-sharing arrangement with another party for this matter, and the Company has agreed to be
liable for 24.3% of the aggregate remediation and associated costs, other than legal fees, as it
and the other party are each responsible for their own such fees. The other party in this matter
reported a substantial net loss for calendar year 2006. If the other party with whom the Company
shares joint and several liability is unable to pay its share of the response and remediation
obligations, the Company would likely be responsible for such obligations. In October 2004, the
Company and the other party agreed to a consent judgment with the Michigan Department of
Environmental Quality, which sets forth certain remediation goals and monitoring activities. Based
on the current status of this matter, and with the assistance of environmental consultants, the
Company maintains an undiscounted liability representing its best estimate of its share of costs
associated with the capital expenditures, maintenance and other costs to be incurred over an
estimated 30-year remediation period. The most significant components of the liability relate to
the estimated costs associated with the remediation of groundwater contamination and excess levels
of subterranean methane deposits. Currently, the Company cannot accurately predict the timing of
the payments that will likely be made under this estimated obligation. In addition, the estimated
loss exposure is sensitive to a variety of uncertain factors, including the efficacy of remediation
efforts, changes in remediation requirements and the timing, varying costs and alternative clean-up
technologies that may become available in the future. Although it is possible that the Company’s
exposure may exceed the amount recorded, any amount of such additional exposures, or range of
exposures, is not estimable at this time.

The Company also handles and/or transports hazardous substances, including but not limited to
chlorine, at its plant sites, including the rail transit of liquid chlorine from its point of
origin to our manufacturing facilities. A release of such chemicals, whether in transit or at our
facilities, due to accident or an intentional act, could result in substantial liability. The
Company has incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other
costs in complying with environmental laws and regulations and in providing physical security for
its worldwide operations.

Failure to maximize or to successfully assert the Company’s intellectual property rights could
impact its competitiveness.

The Company relies on trademark, trade secret, patent and copyright laws to protect its
intellectual property rights. The Company cannot be sure that these intellectual property rights
will be maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. There is a risk that the Company will
not be able to obtain and perfect its own or, where appropriate, license intellectual property
rights necessary to support new product introductions. The Company cannot be certain that these
rights, if obtained, will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged in the future, and the
Company could incur significant costs in connection with legal actions to defend its intellectual
property rights. In addition, even if such rights are obtained in the United States, the laws of
some of the other countries in which the Company’s products are or may be sold do not protect
intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. If other parties
infringe the Company’s intellectual property rights, they may dilute the value of its brands in the
marketplace, which could diminish the value that consumers associate with the Company’s brands and
harm its sales. The failure to perfect or successfully assert its intellectual property rights
could make the Company less competitive and could have a material adverse effect on its business,
operating results and financial condition.

If the Company is found to have infringed the intellectual property rights of others, its
competitiveness could be negatively impacted.

If the Company is found to have violated the trademark, trade secret, copyright, patent or other
intellectual property rights of others, such a finding could result in the need to cease use of a
trademark, trade secret, copyrighted work or patented invention in the Company’s business and the
obligation to pay a substantial amount for past infringement. It could also be necessary to pay a
substantial amount in the future if the rights holders are willing to permit the Company to
continue to use the intellectual property rights. Either having to cease use or pay such amounts
could make the Company less competitive and could have a material adverse impact on its business,
operating results and financial condition.

13

Table of Contents

The Company’s substantial indebtedness could adversely affect its operations and financial
results and prevent the Company from fulfilling its obligations.

The Company has a significant amount of indebtedness. As of June 30, 2007, the Company had $2.0
billion of debt. In August 2007, the Company incurred additional debt
in connection with its accelerated share repurchase program, which it financed through its existing cash
flows and the issuance of commercial paper.

The Company’s substantial indebtedness could have important consequences. For example, it could:

•

make it more difficult for the Company to satisfy its cash obligations;

•

increase the Company’s vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

•

limit the Company’s ability to fund potential acquisitions;

•

require the Company to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to
payments on its indebtedness, which would reduce the availability of its cash flow to fund
working capital requirements, capital expenditures, expansion efforts and other general
corporate purposes;

•

limit the Company’s flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and the industry in which it operates;

•

place the Company at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors that have less debt; and

•

limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants in the Company’s
indebtedness, among other things, its ability to borrow additional funds. Failure to comply
with these covenants could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could
have a significant adverse effect on the Company.

The Company may not have sufficient cash to service its indebtedness and pay cash dividends.

The Company’s ability to make payments on and to refinance its indebtedness and to fund planned
capital expenditures and expansion efforts will depend on its ability to generate cash in the
future. In addition, the Company’s ability to pay cash dividends will depend on its ability to
generate cash and net profits (as defined by Delaware law). The ability to generate cash and net
profits, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative,
regulatory and other factors that are beyond the Company’s control.

The Company may incur substantially more debt, which could further exacerbate the risks described
above.

The Company may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future to fund acquisitions, to
repurchase shares or to fund other activities for general business purposes. As of June 30, 2007,
approximately $1.3 billion was available to borrow under the Company’s $1.3 billion revolving
credit facility. In August 2007, the Company incurred additional debt
in connection with its accelerated share repurchase program, which it financed through its existing cash
flows and the issuance of commercial paper. If new debt is added to the current debt levels, the
related risks that the Company now faces could intensify. In addition, the cost of incurring
additional debt could increase due to possible additional downgrades in the Company’s credit
rating.

The Company’s manufacturing and other facilities may be subject to disruption from events beyond
the Company’s control.

Operations at the Company’s manufacturing facilities may be subject to disruption for a variety of
reasons, including work stoppages, acts of war, terrorism, pandemics, fire, earthquake, flooding or
other natural disasters. In addition, the Company’s corporate headquarters and Technical Center are
located near major earthquake fault lines in California. If a major disruption were to occur, it
could result in harm to people or the natural environment, temporary loss of access to critical
data, delays in shipments of products to customers or suspension of operations.

Failure to meet market expectations could impact the Company’s stock price.

The market price for the Company’s stock is based, in part, on market expectations for the
Company’s sales growth, earning per share and cash flow. Failure to meet these expectations could
cause the market price of the Company’s stock to decline rapidly and sharply.

14

Table of Contents

The Company’s continued growth and expansion could adversely affect its internal control over
financial reporting, which could harm its business and financial results.

Clorox management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with
accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. Internal control over financial
reporting includes maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the
Company’s transactions, providing reasonable assurance that receipts and expenditures are made in
accordance with management’s authorization, and providing reasonable assurance that the
unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Company’s assets that could have a material
effect on the financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its
inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute
assurance that a misstatement of the Company’s financial statements would be prevented or detected.
The Company’s continuing growth and expansion in domestic and globally dispersed markets will place
significant additional pressure on the Company’s system of internal control over financial
reporting. Any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting
could limit the Company’s ability to report its financial results accurately and timely or to
detect and prevent fraud.