The risks and uncertainties set forth
below, as well as other factors described elsewhere in this Report or in other
filings by the Company with the SEC, could adversely affect the Company’s
business, financial condition and results of operations. Additional risks and
uncertainties that are not currently known to the Company or that are not
currently believed by the Company to be material may also harm the Company’s
business operations and financial results. 

Unfavorable worldwide, regional and
local economic conditions and financial market volatility may negatively impact
the Company’s financial performance and liquidity.

Although the Company continues to devote
significant resources to support its brands, unfavorable economic conditions may
continue to negatively affect consumer demand for the Company’s products.
Consumers may reduce discretionary spending due to economic uncertainty or
unfavorable economic conditions, and this may lead to reduced sales volumes or
cause a shift in the Company’s product mix from higher margin to lower margin
products. Consumers may increase purchases of lower-priced or non-branded
products and the Company’s competitors may increase levels of promotional
activity for lower-priced products as they seek to maintain sales volumes during
uncertain economic times.

In addition, global markets have continued
to experience significant disruptions during fiscal year 2012, and continuing
volatility, particularly in Venezuela and Argentina, could harm the Company’s
business. Although the Company currently generates significant cash flows from
ongoing operations and has access to global credit markets through its financing
activities and existing credit facilities to meet its current needs, if the
current credit conditions were to worsen, the Company might not be able to
access credit markets on favorable terms when needed, which could adversely
affect the Company’s ability to borrow. Financial market volatility and
unfavorable economic conditions may also adversely affect the financial
condition of the Company’s customers, suppliers and other business partners. If
customers’ financial conditions are severely affected, the Company may not be
able to collect accounts receivable, which could impact its results.

The Company faces intense competition
in its markets, which could lead to reduced profitability. 

The Company faces intense competition from
consumer product companies both in the United States and in its international
markets. Most of the Company’s products compete with other widely-advertised
brands within each product category and with “private label” brands and
“generic” nonbranded products of grocery chains and wholesale cooperatives in
certain categories, which typically are sold at lower prices.

The Company’s products generally compete
on the basis of product performance, brand recognition, price, value or other
benefits to consumers. Advertising, promotion, merchandising and packaging also
have a significant impact on consumer purchasing decisions, and the Company is
increasingly using digital media marketing and promotional programs to reach
consumers. A newly introduced consumer product (whether improved or newly
developed) usually encounters intense competition requiring substantial
expenditures for advertising, sales promotion and trade merchandising. If a
product gains consumer acceptance, it normally requires continued advertising,
promotional support and product improvements to maintain its relative market
position. If the Company’s advertising, marketing and promotional programs,
including its use of digital media to reach consumers, are not effective or
adequate, the Company’s sales and volume may be impacted.

Some of the Company’s competitors are
larger than the Company and have greater financial resources. These competitors
may be able to spend more aggressively on advertising and promotional
activities, introduce competing products more quickly and respond more
effectively to changing business and economic conditions than the Company can.
In addition, the Company’s competitors may attempt to gain market share by
offering products at prices at or below those typically offered by the Company.
Competitive activity may require the Company to increase its spending on
advertising and promotions and/or reduce prices, which could lead to reduced
profits and adversely affect growth.

8

Sales growth objectives may be
difficult to achieve, and price increases, market category declines and changes
to the Company’s product and geographic mix may impact the Company’s financial
results. 

A large percentage of the Company’s
revenues comes from mature markets that are subject to high levels of
competition. During fiscal year 2012, approximately 79% of the Company’s net
sales was generated in U.S. markets. U.S. markets for cleaning products are
generally characterized by high household penetration. The Company’s ability to
achieve sales growth will depend on its ability to drive growth through
innovation, investment in its established brands and enhanced merchandising and
its ability to capture market share from competitors. The Company anticipates
taking some price increases across its global portfolio in fiscal year 2013,
which may slow sales growth or create volume declines in the short term as
consumers adjust to price increases. If the Company is unable to increase market
share in existing product lines, develop product improvements, undertake sales,
marketing and advertising initiatives that grow its product categories, and
develop, acquire or successfully launch new products, it may not achieve its
sales growth objectives. Even if the Company is successful in increasing sales
within its product categories, a continuing or accelerating decline in the
overall markets for its products could have a negative impact on the Company’s
financial results.

In addition, changes to the mix of
products the Company sells, as well as the mix of countries in which its
products are sold, can adversely impact the Company’s operating expenses, the
amount of revenue and the timing of revenue recognition, which could cause its
profitability to suffer. The Company’s outlook assumes a certain volume and
product mix of sales, and if actual results vary from this projected volume and
product mix of sales, the Company’s operations and results could be negatively
affected. 

Volatility and increases in the price
of raw materials, energy, shipping and transportation, and other necessary
supplies or services could harm the Company’s profits. 

Volatility and increases in the price of
raw materials, including resin, chlor-alkali, sodium hypochlorite, high-strength
bleach, linerboard, soybean oil, solvent, natural oils, corrugate and other
chemicals and agricultural commodities, or increases in the cost of energy,
transportation and other necessary services may harm the Company’s profits and
operating results. The Company anticipates continued commodity and other price
increases in fiscal year 2013 and if such increases occur or exceed the
Company’s estimates and the Company is not able to increase the prices of its
products or achieve cost savings to offset such price increases, its profits and
operating results will be harmed. In addition, if the Company increases the
prices of its products in response to increases in the cost of commodities, and
the commodity costs decline, the Company may not be able to sustain its price
increases over time. Also, competitors may not adjust their prices or customers
may decide not to pay the higher prices, which could lead to sales declines and
loss of market share. Sustained price increases may lead to declines in volume,
and while the Company seeks to project tradeoffs between price increases and
volume, its projections may not accurately predict the volume impact of price
increases, which could adversely affect its financial condition and results of
operations. For further information regarding the impact of changes in commodity
prices, see “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk” in
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” on page 18 of Exhibit 99.1 hereto. 

To reduce the price volatility associated
with anticipated commodity purchases, the Company uses derivative instruments,
including commodity futures and swaps. The extent of the Company’s derivative
position at any given time depends on the Company’s assessment of the markets
for these commodities, the price volatility in the markets and the cost of the
derivative instruments. Many of the commodities used by the Company in its
products do not have actively traded derivative instruments. If the Company does
not or is unable to take a derivative position and costs subsequently increase,
or if it institutes a position and costs subsequently decrease, the Company’s
costs may be greater than anticipated or higher than its competitors’ costs and
financial results could be adversely affected. 

9

Profitability could suffer if the
Company is unable to generate anticipated cost savings and efficiencies, or
efficiently manage supply chain and manufacturing processes. 

The Company continues to implement plans
to improve its competitive position by achieving aggressive annual cost-savings
targets, and it expects ongoing cost savings from its continuous improvement
activities. The Company anticipates these continuing cost savings will result
from reducing material costs and manufacturing inefficiencies and realizing
productivity gains, distribution efficiencies and overhead reductions in each of
its business segments. If the Company cannot successfully implement its
cost-savings plans or the cost of making these cost-savings changes increases,
it may not realize all anticipated benefits. Any negative impact these plans
have on the Company’s relationships with employees or customers or any failure
to generate the anticipated efficiencies and savings could adversely affect its
financial results. 

The Company’s success and profitability
also depend on the efficient manufacture and production of products.
Historically, the Company has undertaken restructuring programs and incurred
restructuring charges, and expects to continue to restructure its operations as
necessary to improve operational efficiency. Gaining additional efficiencies may become increasingly difficult over time
and any failure to successfully execute such changes, or any increase in the
cost of these changes, may result in supply chain interruption, which may
negatively impact product volume and margins. 

The Company is subject to risks related
to its international operations, including exposure to foreign exchange rate
risk.

The Company faces and will continue to
face substantial risks associated with having foreign operations,
including:

economic or political instability in its international markets,
 particularly in Venezuela and Argentina;

difficulty in obtaining nonlocal currency (e.g., U.S. dollars) to pay for
 the raw materials needed to manufacture the Company’s products and
 contract-manufactured products, particularly in Venezuela and Argentina;

restrictions on or costs relating to the repatriation of foreign profits
 to the United States, including possible taxes or withholding obligations on
 any repatriations; and

the imposition of tariffs, trade restrictions, price controls or other
 governmental actions generating a negative impact on its business,
 particularly in Venezuela and Argentina.

These risks could have a significant
impact on the Company’s ability to commercialize its products on a competitive
basis in international markets and may have a material adverse effect on its
results of operations or financial position. The Company’s small sales volume in
some countries, relative to some multinational and local competitors, could
exacerbate such risks.

In addition, the Company is exposed to
foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to its sales, profits, assets
and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Although
the Company uses instruments to hedge certain foreign currency risks, these
hedges only offset a small portion of the Company’s exposure to foreign currency
fluctuations and its reported earnings may be affected by changes in foreign
exchange rates.

The Company’s international operations are
also subject to risks relating to potential difficulties in staffing and
managing local operations, import and export laws, raw material availability,
credit risk of local customers, suppliers and distributors and potentially
adverse tax consequences. 

10

Inflation is another risk associated with
the Company’s international operations. For example, Venezuela has been
designated for financial reporting purposes as a highly inflationary economy,
and Argentina could in the future be designated as such. Gains and losses
resulting from the remeasurement of non-U.S. dollar monetary assets and
liabilities of subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies are
recorded in net earnings. Venezuela’s designation as a highly inflationary
economy and the potential for further devaluation of the local currency exchange
rate will continue to negatively affect the Company’s revenue, operating profit
and net income in fiscal year 2013 and beyond. In addition, there can be no
assurance that other countries in which the Company operates will not also
become highly inflationary, that such countries’ currencies will not be
devalued, or both, and that the Company’s operations will not be negatively
impacted as a result. For further information regarding Venezuela, see
“Venezuela” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations” on page 11 of Exhibit 99.1 hereto. 

Government regulations could impose
material costs.

Generally, the manufacture, packaging,
labeling, storage, distribution and advertising of the Company’s products and
the conduct of its business operations must all comply with extensive federal,
state and foreign laws and regulations. For example, in the United States, many
of the Company’s products are regulated by the Environmental Protection Agency,
the Food and Drug Administration and the Consumer Product Safety Commission, and
the Company’s product claims and advertising are regulated by the Federal Trade
Commission.

Most states have agencies that regulate in
parallel to these federal agencies. In addition, the Company’s international
operations are subject to regulation in each of the foreign jurisdictions in
which it manufactures or distributes its products. If the Company is found to be
noncompliant with applicable laws and regulations in these or other areas, it
could be subject to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, recalls or
asset seizures, as well as potential criminal sanctions, any of which could have
a material adverse effect on its business. Loss of or failure to obtain
necessary permits and registrations, particularly with respect to its charcoal
business, could delay or prevent the Company from meeting current product
demand, introducing new products, building new facilities or acquiring new
businesses and could adversely affect operating results. It is possible that the
federal government will increase regulation of the transportation, storage or
use of certain chemicals to protect the environment, including as a result of
evolving climate change standards or increased regulation in other areas, and
that such regulation could negatively impact the Company’s ability to obtain raw
materials or could increase costs. In addition, pending legislative initiatives
and adopted legislation, such as the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act,
the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 and the Dodd-Frank Wall
Street Reform and Consumer Protection

Act, in the areas of healthcare reform and
other initiatives and legislation in the area of taxation of domestic and
foreign profits, executive compensation and corporate governance, could also
increase the Company's costs. These risks may be increased by the Company’s
recent acquisitions of HealthLink and Aplicare, Inc., which manufacture products
subject to additional regulations. 

The Company’s ability to conduct
business, particularly in international markets, may be affected by political,
legal, tax and regulatory risks, and government reviews, inquiries or
investigations could harm the Company’s business.

The Company’s operations outside the
United States are subject to risks relating to non-compliance with legal and
regulatory requirements in the United States and in such foreign jurisdictions.
Additionally, there is a risk of potentially higher incidence of fraud or
corruption in certain foreign jurisdictions and related difficulties in
maintaining effective internal controls. From time to time, the Company may
conduct internal investigations and compliance reviews to ensure that it is in
compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Additionally, the Company could
be subject to inquiries or investigations by government and other regulatory
bodies. Any determination that the Company’s operations or activities are not in
compliance with U.S. laws, including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or
international laws and regulations, could expose the Company to significant
fines, penalties or other sanctions that may harm the business and reputation of
the Company. 

11

Acquisitions, new venture investments
and divestitures may not be successful, which could impact the Company’s
results. 

In connection with the Company’s strategy,
the Company expects to seek to increase growth through acquisitions. Not only is
the identification of good acquisition candidates difficult and competitive, but
these transactions also involve numerous risks, including the ability
to:

successfully integrate acquired companies, products, systems or personnel
 into the Company’s existing business, especially with respect to businesses or
 operations that are outside of the United States;

minimize any potential interruption to the ongoing business of the Company
 or the acquired company;

successfully enter categories and markets in which the Company may have
 limited or no prior experience;

achieve expected synergies and obtain the desired financial or strategic
 benefits from acquisitions;

retain key relationships with employees, customers, partners and suppliers
 of acquired companies; and

maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies throughout
 acquired companies.

Acquired companies or operations or
newly-created ventures may not be profitable or may not achieve sales levels and
profitability that justify the investments made. Future acquisitions or ventures
could also result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the
incurrence of debt, the assumption of contingent liabilities including
litigation, the increase in expenses related to certain assets and increased
operating expenses, all of which could adversely affect the Company’s results of
operations and financial condition. Future acquisitions of foreign companies or
new foreign ventures would increase, among other things, the Company’s exposure
to foreign exchange rate risks. In addition, to the extent that the economic
benefits associated with any of the Company’s acquisitions diminish in the
future, the Company may be required to record impairment charges related to
goodwill, intangible assets or other assets associated with such acquisitions,
which could adversely affect its operating results. 

The Company may also divest certain
assets, businesses or brands that do not meet the Company’s strategic objectives
or growth targets. With respect to any divestiture, the Company may encounter
difficulty finding potential acquirers or other divestiture options on favorable
terms. Any divestiture could affect the profitability of the Company, either as
a result of the gains or losses on such sale of a business or brand, the loss of
the operating income resulting from such sale or the costs or liabilities that
are not assumed by the acquirer (i.e., stranded costs) that may negatively
impact profitability subsequent to any divestiture. The Company may also be
required to recognize impairment charges as a result of a divesture. 

Any potential future acquisitions, new
ventures or divestitures may divert the attention of management and may divert
resources from matters that are core or critical to the business. 

The Company may not successfully
develop and introduce new products and line extensions. 

The Company’s future performance and
growth depends on its innovation and ability to successfully develop or license
and introduce new products and line extensions and product improvements. The
Company cannot be certain that it will successfully achieve its innovation
goals. The development and introduction of new products require substantial and
effective research, development and marketing expenditures, which the Company
may be unable to recoup if the new products do not gain widespread market
acceptance. New product development and marketing efforts, including efforts to
enter markets or product categories in which the Company has limited or no prior
experience, have inherent risks. These risks include product development or
launch delays, which could result in the Company not being first to market, the
failure of new products and line extensions to achieve anticipated levels of
market acceptance and the cost of failed product introductions. 

Dependence on key customers could
adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

A limited number of customers account for
a large percentage of the Company’s net sales. Net sales to the Company’s
largest customer, Walmart Stores, Inc. and its affiliates, were 26%, 27% and 27%
for the fiscal years ended 2012, 2011 and 2010, respectively, of consolidated
net sales and occurred in each of the Company’s reportable segments. No other
customers exceeded 10% of consolidated net sales in any of these fiscal years.
During fiscal years 2012, 2011 and 2010, the Company’s five largest customers
accounted for 44%, 44% and 45% of its net sales, respectively, and its ten
largest customers accounted for 55% of its net sales for each of these fiscal
years. The Company expects that a significant portion of its revenues will
continue to be derived from a small number of customers. As a result, changes in
the strategies of the Company’s largest customers, including a reduction in the
number of brands they carry or a shift of shelf space to “private label” or
competitors’ products, may harm the Company’s sales. Additionally, this may
reduce the ability of the Company to bring new innovative products to consumers.

12

In addition, the Company’s business is
based primarily upon individual sales orders, and the Company typically does not
enter into long-term contracts with its customers. Accordingly, these customers
could reduce their purchasing levels or cease buying products from the Company
at any time and for any reason. If the Company does not effectively respond to
the demands of its customers, they could decrease their purchases from the
Company, causing the Company’s sales and profits to decline. In recent years,
the Company has seen increasing retailer consolidation both in the United States
and internationally. This trend has resulted in the increased size and influence
of large consolidated retailers, which may demand lower pricing or special
packaging or impose other requirements on product suppliers. These business
demands may relate to inventory practices, logistics or other aspects of the
customer-supplier relationship. If the Company ceases doing business with a
significant customer or if sales of its products to a significant customer
materially decrease due to customer inventory reductions or otherwise, the
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations may be
harmed.

Reliance on a limited base of suppliers
may result in disruptions to the Company’s business. 

The Company relies on a limited number of
suppliers for certain commodities and raw material inputs, including sole-source
and single-source suppliers for certain of its raw materials, packaging, product
components, finished products and other necessary supplies. If the Company is
unable to maintain supplier arrangements and relationships, or if it is unable
to contract with suppliers at the quantity, quality and price levels needed for
its business, or if any of the Company’s key suppliers becomes insolvent or
experiences other financial distress, the Company could experience disruptions
in production and its financial results could be adversely affected.

The Company’s financial results could
suffer if the Company is unable to implement its strategies or if the Company’s
strategies do not achieve the intended effects. 

The Company may not be able to implement
its strategies, including, among other things, new product innovation, cost
savings and penetration of and growth in international markets. If the Company
is unable to implement its strategies in accordance with its expectations, the
Company may not achieve its intended growth targets and its financial results
could be adversely affected. While the Company believes that implementation of
its strategies will advance the Company’s business and financial results, there
can be no assurance that this will be the case. 

The Company’s success depends, in part,
on its key personnel. 

The Company’s success depends, in part, on
its ability to retain its key personnel, including its executive officers and
senior management team. The unexpected loss of one or more of the Company’s key
employees could disrupt its business. The Company’s success also depends, in
part, on its continuing ability to identify, hire, train and retain other highly
qualified personnel. Competition for these employees can be intense, especially
in the San Francisco Bay Area where the Company’s headquarters and largest
research facility are located. The Company may not be able to attract,
assimilate or retain qualified personnel in the future, and its failure to do so
could adversely affect its business. 

Product liability claims and other
legal proceedings could adversely affect the Company’s sales and operating
results. 

The Company has in the past paid, and may
be required in the future to pay, for losses or injuries purportedly caused by
its products. Such claims may be based on allegations that, among other things,
the Company’s products contain contaminants, provide inadequate instructions
regarding their use or inadequate warnings concerning interactions with other
substances, or damage property or persons. Product liability claims could result
in negative publicity that could harm the Company’s reputation, sales and
operating results. In addition, if one of the Company’s products is found to be
defective, the Company could be required to recall it, which could result in
adverse publicity and significant expenses. Although the Company maintains
general and product liability insurance coverage, potential product liability
claims may exceed the amount of such insurance coverage or certain product
liability claims may be excluded under the terms of the policies. 

13

In addition, the Company is, and may in
the future become, a party to litigation and other disputes. In general, claims
made by or against the Company in litigation, disputes or other proceedings can
be expensive and time consuming to bring or defend against and could result in
settlements, injunctions or damages that could significantly affect its business
or financial results or condition. It is not possible to predict the final
resolution of the litigation, disputes or proceedings with which the Company
currently is or may in the future become involved. The impact of these matters
on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition could
be material. See “Contingencies” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on page 17 and Note 12 – 

Other
Contingencies

and Guarantees

 of the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements 
beginning on page 47 of Exhibit 99.1 hereto for additional information related to one of
these matters. 

Harm to the Company’s reputation or the
reputation of one or more of its leading brands could have an adverse effect on
the business. 

Maintaining a strong reputation with
consumers, customers and trade partners is critical to the success of the
Company’s business. The Company devotes significant time and resources to
programs designed to protect and preserve the Company’s reputation and the
reputation of its brands. These programs include ethics and compliance,
sustainability, and product safety and quality initiatives. Despite these
efforts, negative publicity about the Company, including product safety or
similar concerns, whether real or perceived, could occur, and the Company’s
products could face withdrawal, recall or other quality issues. Such events, if
they were to occur, could harm the Company’s image and result in an adverse
effect on its business, as well as require resources to rebuild its reputation.

Environmental matters create potential
liability risks. 

The Company must comply with various
environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates,
including those relating to air emissions, water discharges, the handling and
disposal of solid and hazardous wastes, the remediation of contamination
associated with the use and disposal of hazardous substances and concerns
regarding climate change. The Company has incurred, and will continue to incur,
significant capital and operating expenditures and other costs in complying with
environmental laws and regulations and in providing physical security for its
worldwide operations, and such expenditures reduce the cash flow available to
the Company for other purposes. 

The Company is currently involved in or
has potential liability with respect to the remediation of past contamination in
the operation of some of its currently and formerly owned and leased facilities.
In addition, some of its present and former facilities have been or had been in
operation for many years and, over that time, some of these facilities may have
used substances or generated and disposed of wastes that are or may be
considered hazardous. It is possible that those sites, as well as disposal sites
owned by third parties to whom the Company has sent waste, may in the future be
identified and become the subject of remediation. It is possible that the
Company could become subject to additional environmental liabilities in the
future that could result in a material adverse effect on its results of
operations or financial condition. 

14

The Company had a recorded liability of
$14 million and $15 million at June 30, 2012 and 2011, respectively, for its
share of aggregate future remediation costs related to certain environmental
matters, including response actions at various locations. One matter in
Dickinson County, Michigan, for which the Company is jointly and severally
liable, accounts for a substantial majority of the recorded liability at both
June 30, 2012 and 2011. The Company has agreed to be liable for 24.3% of the
aggregate remediation and associated costs for this matter pursuant to a
cost-sharing arrangement with a third party. With the assistance of
environmental consultants, the Company maintains an undiscounted liability
representing its current best estimate of its share of the capital expenditures,
maintenance and other costs that may be incurred over an estimated 30-year
remediation period. Currently, the Company cannot accurately predict the timing
of future payments that may be made under this obligation. In addition, the
Company’s estimated loss exposure is sensitive to a variety of uncertain
factors, including the efficacy of remediation efforts, changes in remediation
requirements and the future availability of alternative clean-up technologies.
Although it is possible that the Company’s exposure may exceed the amount
recorded, any amount of such additional exposures, or range of exposures, is not
estimable at this time. 

The Company also handles and/or transports
hazardous substances, including but not limited to chlorine, at some of its
international plant sites. A release of such chemicals, whether in transit or at
the Company’s facilities, due to accident or an intentional act, could result in
substantial liability.

Failure to maximize, successfully
assert or successfully defend the Company’s intellectual property rights could
impact its competitiveness. 

The Company relies on intellectual
property rights based on trademark, trade secret, patent and copyright laws to
protect its brands and its products and the packaging for those products. The
Company cannot be certain that these intellectual property rights will be
maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. There is a risk that the
Company will not be able to obtain and perfect its own intellectual property
rights or, where appropriate, license intellectual property rights necessary to
support new product introductions. The Company cannot be certain that these
rights, if obtained, will not later be invalidated, circumvented or challenged,
and the Company could incur significant costs in connection with legal actions
to assert its intellectual property rights or to defend those rights from
assertions of invalidity. In addition, even if such rights are obtained in the
United States, the laws of some of the other countries in which the Company’s
products are or may be sold do not protect intellectual property rights to the
same extent as the laws of the United States. If other parties infringe the
Company’s intellectual property rights, they may dilute the value of the
Company’s brands in the marketplace, which could diminish the value that
consumers associate with the Company’s brands and harm its sales. The failure to
perfect or successfully assert its intellectual property rights could make the
Company less competitive and could have a material adverse effect on its
business, operating results and financial condition. 

If the Company is found to have
infringed the intellectual property rights of others or cannot obtain necessary
intellectual property rights from others, its competitiveness could be
negatively impacted.

One of the Company’s strategies is to
improve its products by licensing third-party ideas and technologies in a
process referred to as “open innovation.” If the Company is found to have
violated the trademark, trade secret, copyright, patent or other intellectual
property rights of others, directly or indirectly, through the use of such
third-party ideas or technologies arising from its open innovation projects,
such a finding could result in the need to cease use of a trademark, trade
secret, copyrighted work or patented invention in the Company’s business and the
obligation to pay a substantial amount for past infringement. It could also be
necessary to pay a substantial amount in the future for rights if holders are
willing to permit the Company to continue to use such intellectual property
rights. Either having to cease use or pay such amounts could make the Company
less competitive and could have a material adverse impact on its business,
operating results and financial condition. 

15

The Company’s substantial indebtedness
could adversely affect its operations and financial results and prevent the
Company from fulfilling its obligations, and the Company may incur substantially
more debt in the future, which could exacerbate these risks. 

The Company has a significant amount of
indebtedness. As of June 30, 2012, the Company had $2.7 billion of debt,
including $850 million of senior unsecured notes that 
mature in fiscal year 2013. The Company’s
substantial indebtedness could have important consequences. For example, it
could:

make it more difficult for the Company to satisfy its cash obligations;

limit the Company’s ability to fund potential acquisitions;

require the Company to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow
 from operations to payments on its indebtedness, which would reduce the
 availability of its cash flow to fund working capital requirements, capital
 expenditures and other general corporate purposes;

limit the Company’s flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, general
 adverse economic conditions or changes in its business and the industry in
 which it operates;

place the Company at a competitive disadvantage compared to its
 competitors that have less debt; and

limit, along with the financial and other restrictive covenants in the
 Company’s indebtedness, among other things, its ability to borrow additional
 funds. Failure to comply with these covenants could result in an event of
 default that, if not cured or waived, could have a significant adverse effect
 on the Company.

In addition, the Company may incur
substantial additional indebtedness in the future to fund acquisitions, to
repurchase shares or to fund other activities for general business purposes,
subject to compliance with the Company’s existing restrictive debt covenants. As
of June 30, 2012, the Company could add approximately $1.1 billion in
incremental debt and remain in compliance with restrictive debt covenants,
although there is no assurance that the actual amount that the Company may be
able to borrow in the future will equal this amount. If new debt is added to the
current debt levels, the related risks that the Company now faces could
intensify. In addition, the cost of incurring additional debt could increase due
to possible downgrades in the Company’s credit rating. Any decision regarding
the Company’s future borrowings will be based on the facts and circumstances
existing at the time, including the Company’s credit rating. If the Company were
to borrow the maximum amount available to it, its credit rating could be
downgraded.

The Company could be adversely affected
if its credit ratings were to fall below investment grade. 

Certain terms of the agreements governing
the Company’s over-the-counter derivative instruments contain provisions that
require the Company’s credit ratings, as assigned by Standard & Poor’s and
Moody’s to the Company and its counterparties, to remain at a level equal to or
better than the minimum of an investment grade credit rating. If the Company’s
credit rating were to fall below investment grade, the counterparties to the
derivative instruments in net liability positions could request full
collateralization. As of June 30, 2012, the Company and each of its
counterparties maintained investment-grade ratings with both Standard &
Poor’s and Moody’s. 

The Company may not have sufficient
cash to service its indebtedness and pay cash dividends. 

The Company’s ability to repay and
refinance its indebtedness, particularly the $850 million of senior unsecured notes that 
mature in fiscal
year 2013, and to fund capital expenditures depends on the Company’s cash flow.
In addition, the Company’s ability to pay cash dividends depends on cash flow
and net earnings (as defined by Delaware law). The Company’s cash flow and net
earnings are often subject to general economic, financial, competitive,
legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond the Company’s control, and such
factors may limit the Company’s ability to repay indebtedness, declare and pay
cash dividends and repatriate foreign earnings at an effective cost. 

The facilities of the Company and its
suppliers are subject to disruption by events beyond the Company’s control.

Operations at the facilities of the
Company and its suppliers and retail customers are subject to disruption for a
variety of reasons, including work stoppages, demonstrations, disease outbreaks
or pandemics, acts of war, terrorism, fire, earthquakes, flooding or other
natural disasters. The Company’s corporate headquarters, Technical and Data
Center and new facility in Pleasanton, Calif. are located near major earthquake
fault lines in California. If a major disruption were to occur, it could result
in harm to people or the natural environment, temporary loss of access to
critical data, delays in shipments of products to customers or suspension of
operations. 

16

The Company’s continued growth and
expansion and increasing reliance on third-party service providers could
adversely affect its internal control over financial reporting, which could harm
its business and financial results. 

Clorox management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external purposes
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of
the Company’s financial statements would be prevented or detected. The Company’s
continuing growth and expansion in domestic and globally dispersed markets will
place significant additional pressure on the Company’s system of internal
control over financial reporting. Moreover, the Company increasingly engages the
services of third parties to assist with business operations and financial
reporting processes, which inserts additional monitoring obligations and risk
into the system of internal control. Any failure to maintain an effective system
of internal control over financial reporting could limit the Company’s ability
to report its financial results accurately and on a timely basis or to detect
and prevent fraud. 

A failure of key information technology
systems could adversely impact the Company’s ability to conduct business.

The Company relies extensively on
information technology systems, some of which are managed by third-party service
providers, in order to conduct its business. These systems include, but are not
limited to, programs and processes relating to communicating within the Company
and with other parties, ordering and managing materials from suppliers,
converting materials to finished products, shipping products to customers,
processing transactions, summarizing and reporting results of operations,
complying with regulatory, legal or tax requirements, and other processes
involved in managing the business. The Company has made significant progress
with its implementation of enterprise-wide upgrades to its hardware, software
and operating systems, including its ERP system in Latin America, which replaces
legacy systems, and is expected to streamline operations and enable future
growth. If the Company’s existing and/or future technology systems and processes
do not adequately support the future growth of the Company’s business, the
Company’s business may be adversely impacted. Although the Company has network
security measures in place, the systems may be vulnerable to computer viruses,
security breaches, and other similar disruptions from unauthorized users. While
the Company has business continuity plans in place, if the systems are damaged
or cease to function properly due to any number of causes, including
catastrophic events, power outages, security breaches or other similar events,
and if the business continuity plans do not effectively resolve such issues on a
timely basis, the Company may suffer interruptions in the ability to manage or
conduct business, which may adversely impact the Company’s business.

The Company’s judgments regarding the
accounting for tax positions and the resolution of tax disputes may impact the
Company’s earnings and cash flow. 

Significant judgment is required in
determining the Company’s effective tax rate and in evaluating its tax
positions. The Company provides for uncertain tax positions when such tax
positions do not meet the recognition thresholds or measurement criteria
prescribed by applicable accounting standards. Fluctuations in federal, state,
local and foreign taxes or a change to uncertain tax positions, including
related interest and penalties, may impact the Company’s effective tax rate and
the Company’s financial results. When particular tax matters arise, a number of
years may elapse before such matters are audited and finally resolved.
Unfavorable resolution of any tax matter could increase the effective tax rate.
Any resolution of a tax issue may require the use of cash in the year of
resolution. For additional information, refer to the information set forth in
Note 18 - 
Income Taxes 

of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on
page 55 of Exhibit 99.1 hereto. 

The estimates and assumptions on which
the Company’s financial statement projections are based may prove to be
inaccurate, which may cause its actual results to materially differ from such
projections, which may adversely affect the Company’s stock price.

The Company’s financial statement
projections are dependent on certain estimates and assumptions related to, among
other things, category growth, commodity prices, cost savings, foreign exchange
rates, liabilities, goodwill, market share projections, and the Company’s
ability to generate sufficient cash flow to reinvest in its existing business,
fund internal growth, repurchase its shares, make acquisitions, pay dividends
and meet debt obligations. While the Company’s projections are based on
historical experience and on various other assumptions that the Company believes
to be reasonable under the circumstances and at the time they are made, the
Company’s actual results may differ materially from its financial outlook. Any
material variation between the Company’s projections and its actual results may
adversely affect its stock price. 

17

There can be no guarantee that the
Company will continue to declare dividends or repurchase its stock.

Although the Company has historically
declared quarterly cash dividends on its common stock and has been authorized to
repurchase its shares subject to certain limitations under a share repurchase
program, any determinations to continue to declare cash dividends on its common
stock or to repurchase its common stock will be based primarily upon the
Company’s financial condition, results of operations and business requirements,
the price of its common stock in the case of the repurchase program, and the
board of directors’ continuing determination that the repurchase program and the
declaration of dividends are in the best interests of
the Company’s stockholders and are in compliance with all laws and agreements
applicable to the repurchase and dividend programs. In the event the Company
does not declare a quarterly dividend or discontinues its share repurchases, the
Company’s stock price could be adversely affected.

The Company’s business could be
negatively affected as a result of an unsolicited takeover proposal or a proxy
contest. 

During fiscal years 2012 and 2011, the
Company was the target of an unsolicited takeover proposal from a shareholder
activist, which resulted in significant costs to the Company. If such a proposal
were to be made again, the Company would incur significant costs, which would
have an adverse effect on the Company’s financial results. In addition, such a
proposal may disrupt the Company’s operations and divert the attention of the
Company’s management and employees. In addition, any perceived uncertainties as
to the Company’s future direction resulting from such a situation could result
in the loss of potential business opportunities, and may make it more difficult
to attract and retain qualified personnel and business partners, which could
adversely affect the Company’s business. 

18