The risks and uncertainties
set forth below, as well as other factors described elsewhere in this Report or
in other filings by the Company with the SEC, could adversely affect the
Company’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Additional
risks and uncertainties that are not currently known to the Company or that are
not currently believed by the Company to be material may also harm the Company’s
business operations and financial results.

5

Table of
Contents

The Company faces intense
competition in its markets, which could lead to reduced net sales, profitability
and cash flow.

The Company faces intense
competition from consumer product companies both in the United States and in its
international markets. Most of the Company’s products compete with other widely
advertised brands within each product category. The Company also faces
competition from retailers, including club stores, dollar stores and mass
merchandisers, which are increasingly offering “private label” brands that are
typically sold at lower prices and compete with the Company’s products in
certain categories. During times of economic uncertainty, consumers tend to
purchase more “private label” or other economy brands. Increased purchases of
“private label” products could reduce sales volumes of the Company’s
higher-margin products or there could be a shift in product mix to lower-margin
offerings.

The Company’s products
generally compete on the basis of product performance, brand recognition, price,
value or other benefits to consumers. Advertising, promotion, merchandising and
packaging also have significant impacts on consumer purchasing decisions, and
the Company is increasingly using digital media marketing and promotional
programs to reach consumers. A newly introduced consumer product (whether
improved or newly developed) usually encounters intense competition requiring
substantial expenditures for advertising, sales promotion and trade
merchandising. If a product gains consumer acceptance, it typically requires
continued advertising, promotional support and product improvements to maintain
its relative market position. If the Company’s advertising, marketing and
promotional programs, including its use of digital media to reach consumers, are
not effective or adequate, the Company’s sales and volume may be negatively
impacted.

Some of the Company’s
competitors are larger than the Company and have greater financial resources.
These competitors may be able to spend more aggressively on advertising and
promotional activities, introduce competing products more quickly and respond
more effectively to changing business and economic conditions than the Company
can. In addition, the Company’s competitors may attempt to gain market share by
offering products at prices at or below those typically offered by the Company.
Competitive activity may require the Company to increase its spending on
advertising and promotions and/or reduce prices, which could lead to reduced
profits and adversely affect growth.

Uncertain worldwide,
regional and local economic conditions and financial market volatility may
negatively impact the Company and consumers of its products, which would
negatively affect the Company’s financial performance and
liquidity.

Although the Company continues
to devote significant resources to support its brands, uncertain economic
conditions may continue to negatively affect consumer demand for the Company’s
products. Consumers may also be sensitive to economic uncertainty or unfavorable
economic conditions and reduce discretionary spending, which may lead to reduced
sales volumes or cause a shift in the Company’s product mix from higher-margin
to lower-margin products. Consumers may increase purchases of lower-priced or
“private label” products, and the Company’s competitors may increase levels of
advertising and promotional activity for lower-priced products as they seek to
maintain sales volumes during uncertain economic times, which may negatively
impact the Company’s sales and volume.

6

Table of
Contents

Global markets continued to
experience significant disruptions during fiscal year 2015, and continuing
volatility, particularly in Argentina, could continue to harm the Company’s
business. In addition, financial market volatility could adversely affect the
Company’s liquidity and capital resources. Uncertain economic conditions and
financial market volatility may also adversely affect the financial condition of
the Company’s customers, suppliers and other business partners. If customers’
financial conditions are severely affected, customers may reduce their purchases
of the Company’s products or the Company may not be able to collect accounts
receivable, each of which could have a material adverse impact on the Company’s
operations or financial results.

Sales growth objectives may
be difficult to achieve, and price increases, market and category declines and
changes to the Company’s product and geographic mix may adversely impact the
Company’s financial results.

A large percentage of the
Company’s revenues comes from mature markets that are subject to high levels of
competition. During fiscal year 2015, approximately 82% of the Company’s net
sales were generated in U.S. markets. U.S. markets for cleaning products are
generally characterized by high household penetration. The Company’s ability to
achieve sales growth depends on its ability to drive growth through innovation,
expansion into new product categories, channels and countries, investment in its
established brands and enhanced merchandising and its ability to capture market
share from competitors. If the Company is unable to increase market share in
existing product lines, develop product improvements, undertake sales, marketing
and advertising initiatives that grow its product categories and develop,
acquire or successfully launch new products, it may not achieve its sales growth
objectives. Even when the Company is successful in increasing market share
within particular product categories, a decline in the markets for such product
categories can have a negative impact on the Company’s financial
results.

In addition, changes to the
mix of products the Company sells, as well as the mix of countries in which its
products are sold, can adversely impact the Company’s operating expenses, the
amount of revenue and the timing of revenue recognition, which could cause its
profitability and cash flow to suffer. The Company’s financial outlook assumes a
certain volume and product mix of sales, and if actual results vary from this
projected volume and product mix of sales, the Company’s operations and results
could be negatively affected.

The Company is subject to
risks related to its international operations. 

In fiscal year 2015,
approximately 18% of the Company’s net sales were generated in international
markets, including approximately 4% of the Company’s net sales in Argentina. The
Company faces and will continue to face substantial risks associated with having
foreign operations, including the following:

 ●

economic or political instability,
 particularly in Argentina; 

 ●

price controls and related government
 actions, particularly in Argentina where the devaluation of the Argentine
 peso and high inflation have negatively affected the Company’s net sales
 and net earnings; 

 ●

risks related to the Company’s discontinued
 operations in Venezuela; 

 ●

foreign currency fluctuations, currency
 controls and inflation, which may adversely affect the Company’s ability
 to do business in certain markets and reduce the U.S. dollar value of
 revenues, profits or cash flows it receives from non-U.S. markets;

 ●

difficulty in obtaining non-local currency
 (e.g., U.S. dollars) to pay for the raw materials needed to manufacture
 the Company’s products and contract-manufactured products;

 ●

restrictions on or costs related to the
 repatriation of foreign profits to the United States, including possible
 taxes or withholding obligations on any repatriations, particularly in
 Argentina; 

 ●

the imposition of tariffs, trade
 restrictions, import and export laws or other government actions
 generating a negative impact on the Company’s business; 

 ●

the possibility of nationalization,
 expropriation of assets or other similar government actions;

 ●

difficulties in hiring and retaining
 qualified employees; 

 ●

civil unrest, work stoppages and labor
 disputes; 

 ●

employment litigation related to employees,
 contractors and suppliers, particularly in Argentina; 

7

Table of
Contents

 ●

difficulties in obtaining or
 unavailability of raw materials; 

 ●

increased credit risk of customers,
 suppliers and distributors; 

 ●

potential harm to third parties, the
 Company’s employees and/or surrounding communities, and related
 liabilities, from the use, storage and transportation of chlorine in
 certain international markets where chlorine is used in the production of
 bleach; 

 ●

difficulties in enforcing intellectual
 property and contractual rights; 

 ●

lack of well-established or reliable, and
 impartial legal systems in certain countries where the Company operates;
 and 

 ●

challenges relating to enforcement of or
 compliance with local laws and regulations and with U.S. laws affecting
 operations outside of the United States, including without limitation, the
 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. 

Argentina presents a difficult
operating environment, including price controls on some of the Company’s
products, a devaluing currency and inflation. More broadly, the risks described
above could have a significant adverse impact on the Company’s ability to
commercialize its products on a competitive basis in international markets and
may have a material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial
position. For example, the Company’s inability to raise prices as a result of
price controls could continue to adversely affect the Company’s margins,
profitability and cash flow, and make it difficult for the Company to offset
other risks, such as high inflation. The Company’s small sales volume in some
countries, relative to some multinational and local competitors, could
exacerbate such risks.

In addition, the Company is
exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risks with respect to its sales,
profits and cash flow driven by movements of the U.S. dollar relative to other
currencies. Although the Company uses instruments to hedge certain foreign
currency risks, these hedges only offset a small portion of the Company’s
exposure to foreign currency fluctuations and, therefore, the Company’s reported
earnings may be negatively affected by changes in foreign exchange
rates.

Inflation is another risk
associated with the Company’s international operations. For example, Argentina
could in the future be designated as a highly inflationary economy. Gains and
losses resulting from the remeasurement of non-U.S. dollar monetary assets and
liabilities of subsidiaries operating in highly inflationary economies are
recorded in net earnings. Other countries in which the Company operates may also
become highly inflationary or such countries’ currencies may be devalued, or
both, which may negatively impact the Company’s operations and financial
results.

For further information
regarding Argentina, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations” in Exhibit 99.1.

8

Table of
Contents

The Company is subject to
risks related to its discontinued operations in Venezuela. 

On September 22, 2014, the
Company’s Venezuela subsidiary announced that it was discontinuing its
operations, effective immediately, and seeking to sell its assets. On September
26, 2014, the Company reported that Venezuelan Vice President Jorge Arreaza
announced, with endorsement by President Nicolás Maduro, that the Venezuelan
government had occupied the production facilities of the Company’s Venezuela
subsidiary. On November 6, 2014, the Company reported that the Venezuelan
government had published a resolution granting a government-sponsored Special
Administrative Board full authority to restart and operate the business formerly
operated by the Company’s Venezuela subsidiary, thereby reaffirming the
government’s expropriation of its assets. Further, President Nicolás Maduro
announced the government’s intention to facilitate the resumed production of
bleach and other cleaning products at the Venezuela plants. The Venezuelan
government’s actions raise grave concerns, as the production of cleaning
products, in particular bleach, is a highly specialized and technical process.
Any restarting of operations in Venezuela is or would be without the consent or
involvement of the Company and its affiliates, and any resumed production
processes would be outside the Company’s control. The Company has advised
repeatedly that it and its affiliates cannot be responsible for the safety of
any workers and the surrounding communities or for the safety, quality or
effectiveness of any product that may be produced under the Venezuelan
government’s takeover or any use of the names and trademarks of the Company and
its affiliates. Nevertheless, the Company may face liabilities or costs
associated with any such unauthorized resumption of operations by the Venezuelan
government or others. 

Volatility and increases in
the costs of raw materials, energy, transportation, labor and other necessary
supplies or services could harm the Company’s profits and cash flow.

Volatility and increases in
the costs of raw materials, including resin, sodium hypochlorite, linerboard,
soybean oil, solvent, corrugated cardboard and other chemicals and agricultural
commodities, or increases in the cost of energy, transportation, labor and other
necessary supplies or services may harm the Company’s profits and operating
results. We distribute our products and receive raw materials primarily by rail
and truck. Reduced availability of rail or trucking could cause us to incur
unanticipated expenses and impair our ability to distribute our products or
receive our raw materials in a timely manner. 

The Company believes commodity
and other cost increases are possible in the future. If such increases occur or
exceed the Company’s estimates and the Company is not able to increase the
prices of its products or achieve cost savings to offset such cost increases,
its profits and operating results will be harmed. In addition, if the Company
increases the prices of its products in response to increases in the cost of
commodities, and commodity costs decline, the Company may not be able to sustain
its price increases. Sustained price increases may lead to declines in volume as
competitors may not adjust their prices or customers may decide not to pay the
higher prices, which could lead to sales declines and loss of market share.
While the Company seeks to project tradeoffs between price increases and volume,
its projections may not accurately predict the volume impact of price increases,
which could adversely affect its financial condition and results of operations.

To reduce the cost volatility
associated with anticipated commodity purchases, the Company uses derivative
instruments, including commodity futures and swaps. The extent of the Company’s
derivative position at any given time depends on the Company’s assessment of the
markets for these commodities, the cost volatility in the markets and the cost
of the derivative instruments. Many of the commodities used by the Company in
its products do not have actively traded derivative instruments. If the Company
does not or is unable to take a derivative position and costs subsequently
increase, or if it institutes a position and costs subsequently decrease, the
Company’s costs may be greater than anticipated or higher than its competitors’
costs and the Company’s financial results could be adversely affected. For
further information regarding the Company’s use of derivative instruments, see
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” in Exhibit 99.1. 

Reliance on a limited base
of suppliers may result in disruptions to the Company’s business.

The Company relies on a
limited number of suppliers for certain commodities and raw material inputs,
including sole-source and single-source suppliers for certain of its raw
materials, packaging, product components, finished products and other necessary
supplies. New suppliers may have to be qualified under governmental, industry
and Company standards, which can require additional investment and time. The
Company could experience disruptions in production and its financial results and
relationships with customers could be adversely affected if the Company is
unable to qualify any needed new suppliers or maintain supplier arrangements and
relationships, if it is unable to contract with suppliers at the quantity,
quality and price levels needed for its business or if any of the Company’s key
suppliers becomes insolvent, experiences financial distress or environmental,
economic or other outside factors impact its operations. 

9

Table of
Contents

The Company may not
successfully develop and introduce new products and line extensions or
successfully expand into adjacent categories and countries, which could
adversely impact its financial results. 

The Company’s future
performance and growth depends on innovation and its ability to successfully
develop or license and introduce new products, brands, line extensions and
product improvements or enter into or expand into adjacent product categories,
sales channels or countries. The Company cannot be certain that it will
successfully achieve its innovation goals. The development and introduction of
new products require substantial and effective research and development and
marketing expenditures, which the Company may be unable to recoup if the new
products do not gain widespread market acceptance. In addition, effective and
integrated systems are required for the Company to gather and use consumer data
and information to successfully market its products. New product development and
marketing efforts, including efforts to enter markets or product 
categories in which the Company has limited or no
prior experience, have inherent risks. These risks include product development
or launch delays, which could result in the Company not being first to market
and the failure of new products, brands and line extensions to achieve
anticipated levels of market acceptance. If product introductions or new or
expanded adjacencies are not successful, costs associated with these efforts may
not be fully recouped and the Company’s profits could be adversely affected. In
addition, if sales generated by new products cause a decline in sales of the
Company’s existing products, the Company’s operating and financial results could
be materially adversely affected.

Dependence on key customers
could adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results
of operations. 

A limited number of customers
account for a large percentage of the Company’s net sales. Net sales to the
Company’s largest customer, Walmart Stores, Inc. and its affiliates, were 26%,
27% and 27% of consolidated net sales for each of the fiscal years ended June
30, 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and occurred in each of the Company’s
reportable segments. No other individual customer accounted for more than 10% of
consolidated net sales in any of these fiscal years. During fiscal years 2015,
2014 and 2013, the Company’s five largest customers accounted for 45% of its
consolidated net sales for each of the three fiscal years. The Company expects
that a significant portion of its revenues will continue to be derived from a
small number of customers. As a result, changes in the strategies of the
Company’s largest customers, including a reduction in the number of brands they
carry or a shift of shelf space to “private label” or competitors’ products, may
harm the Company’s sales and reduce the ability of the Company to offer new
innovative and improved products to consumers.

In addition, the Company’s
business is based primarily upon individual sales orders, and the Company
typically does not enter into long-term contracts with its customers.
Accordingly, these customers could reduce their purchasing levels or cease
buying products from the Company at any time and for any reason. If the Company
does not effectively respond to the demands of its customers, they could
decrease their purchases from the Company, causing the Company’s sales and
profits to decline. Furthermore, unfavorable market conditions or competitive
pressures may cause the Company’s customers to reevaluate the number and mix of
brands they sell, resulting in lower purchases of the Company’s products by
these customers.

The Company continues to see
retailer consolidation both in the United States and internationally. This trend
has resulted in the increased size and influence of large consolidated
retailers, who may change their business strategies, demand lower pricing or
special packaging or impose other burdensome requirements on product suppliers.
These business demands may relate to inventory practices, logistics, a shift in
focus away from branded products toward “private label” or other aspects of the
customer-supplier relationship. These large consolidated companies could also
exert additional competitive pressure on the Company’s other customers, which
could in turn lead to such customers demanding lower pricing or special
packaging or imposing other onerous requirements on the Company. If the Company
ceases doing business with a significant customer or if sales of its products to
a significant customer materially decrease due to customer inventory reductions
or otherwise, the Company’s business, financial condition and results of
operations may be harmed.

10

Table of
Contents

Government regulations
could impose material costs.

Generally, the manufacture,
packaging, labeling, storage, distribution and advertising of the Company’s
products and the conduct of its business operations must all comply with
extensive federal, state and foreign laws and regulations. For example, in the
United States, many of the Company’s products are regulated by the Environmental
Protection Agency, the Food and Drug Administration and the Consumer Product
Safety Commission, and the Company’s product claims and advertising are
regulated by the Federal Trade Commission, among other regulatory agencies. Most
states have agencies that regulate in parallel to these federal agencies. The
Company’s international operations are also subject to regulation in each of the
foreign jurisdictions in which it manufactures or distributes its products.
There is also a risk of potentially higher incidence of fraud or corruption in
certain foreign jurisdictions and related difficulties in maintaining effective
internal controls. Additionally, the Company could be subject to inquiries or
investigations by governmental and other regulatory bodies. Any determination
that the Company’s operations or activities are not in compliance with
applicable law could expose the Company to significant fines, penalties or other
sanctions that may harm the business and reputation of the Company. 

In particular, because of the
Company’s extensive international operations, we could be adversely affected by
violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide
anti-bribery laws. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide
anti-bribery laws generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from
making improper payments to government officials or other third parties for the
purpose of obtaining or retaining business. While our policies mandate
compliance with these anti-bribery laws, we cannot provide assurance that our
internal control policies and procedures will always protect us from reckless or
criminal acts committed by our employees, joint-venture partners or agents.
Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our
business and adversely affect our reputation and our business, results of
operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

It is expected that federal,
state and foreign governments will continue to introduce new and expanded
legislation affecting the Company’s operations, which may require the Company to
increase its resources, capabilities and expertise in such areas. For example,
the Company is subject to regulations regarding the transportation, storage or
use of certain chemicals to protect the environment, including as a result of
evolving climate change standards, and new and increased regulation in other
areas, such as with respect to “conflict minerals.” Such regulation could
negatively impact the Company’s ability to obtain raw materials or could
increase its acquisition and compliance costs. In addition, pending legislative
initiatives and adopted legislation in the areas 
of healthcare reform and other areas, such as the
Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and Education
Reconciliation Act of 2010, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer
Protection

Act and legislation in the area of taxation of
domestic and foreign profits, executive compensation and corporate governance,
could also increase the Company’s costs. These risks may be increased by the
Company’s acquisitions of HealthLink and Aplicare, Inc., which manufacture
products subject to additional regulations.

If the Company is found to be
noncompliant with applicable laws and regulations in these or other areas, it
could be subject to civil remedies, including fines, import detentions,
injunctions, product withdrawals or recalls or asset seizures, as well as
potential criminal sanctions, any of which could have a material adverse effect
on its business. Loss of or failure to obtain necessary permits and
registrations, particularly with respect to its charcoal business, could delay
or prevent the Company from meeting current product demand, introducing new
products, building new facilities or acquiring new businesses and could
adversely affect operating results. As the Company expands its natural personal
care and healthcare businesses such as through Burt’s Bees®,
HealthLink
®, Aplicare
® and Caltech Industries, an
increasing number of its products have and will become subject to regulations
and laws relating to drugs and medical devices. In order to comply with these
laws and regulations, the Company may be required to make changes to product
formulation, labeling or marketing claims, perform additional testing to
substantiate its product claims, make costly changes in its manufacturing
processes or supply chain or stop selling certain products until corrective
actions have been taken.

11

Table of
Contents

Cyber-attacks, privacy
breaches or a failure of key information technology systems could adversely
impact the Company’s ability to conduct business.

The Company relies extensively
on information technology systems, many of which are managed by third-party
service providers, in order to conduct its business. These systems include, but
are not limited to, programs and processes relating to communicating within the
Company and with customers, consumers and other parties, ordering and managing
materials from suppliers, converting materials to finished products, shipping
products to customers, processing transactions, summarizing and reporting
results of operations, complying with regulatory, legal and tax requirements and
implementing other processes involved in managing the business. The Company has
made significant progress with its implementation of enterprise-wide upgrades to
its hardware, software and operating systems, including its enterprise system in
Latin America, which replaced legacy systems and is expected to streamline
operations and enable future growth. However, legacy systems remain in countries
where the Company conducts business outside of the United States and Latin
America. If the Company’s existing and/or future technology systems, third-party
service providers and processes do not adequately support the future growth of
the Company’s business, the Company’s business may be adversely
impacted.

Although the Company has
network security measures in place, the systems may be vulnerable to computer
viruses, security breaches and other disruptions from unauthorized users or
system failures, including Internet outages. While the Company has business
continuity plans in place, if the systems are damaged or cease to function
properly due to any number of causes, including catastrophic events, power
outages, security breaches or other similar events, and if the business
continuity plans do not effectively resolve such issues on a timely basis, the
Company may suffer interruptions in its ability to manage or conduct business,
which may adversely impact the Company’s business. Furthermore, the Company
sells its Burt’s Bees® natural personal care products and other
products directly to consumers online, provides websites, mobile apps and
connected devices, and offers promotions, rebates, customer loyalty and other
programs through which it may receive personal information, and it or its
vendors could experience cyber-attacks or other incidents that result in
unauthorized disclosure of consumer, customer, employee or Company information.
The Company understands that in August 2015, the federal government brought
an

indictment against brokers and hackers for
stealing advanced, nonpublic press releases of various public companies from
news wires and trading on securities using the information from such press
releases. If the Company suffers a loss as a result of a breach or other
breakdown in its technology system or such a breach or other breakdown,
including such cyber-attack or other incident involving one of the Company’s
vendors, results in unauthorized disclosure of business, financial, personal or
stakeholder information, the Company may suffer reputational, competitive and/or
business harm and may be exposed to legal liability, which may adversely affect
the Company’s results of operations and/or financial condition. In addition, if
the Company’s service providers, suppliers or customers experience such a breach
or unauthorized disclosure or system failure, their businesses could be
disrupted or otherwise negatively affected, which may result in a disruption in
the Company’s supply chain or reduced customer orders, which would adversely
affect the Company’s operations. 

Acquisitions, new venture
investments and divestitures may not be successful, which could impact the
Company’s operations and financial results.

In connection with the
Company’s strategy, the Company expects to continue to seek to increase growth
through acquisitions. Not only is it difficult to identify and successfully
negotiate suitable strategic acquisitions at attractive prices, but these
transactions also involve numerous risks, including risks relating to the
Company’s ability to: 

 ●

 successfully integrate
 acquired companies, products, systems or personnel into the Company’s
 existing business, especially with respect to businesses or operations
 that are outside of the United States;

 ●

 minimize any potential
 interruption to the ongoing business of the Company or the acquired
 company;

 ●

 successfully enter
 categories and markets in which the Company may have limited or no prior
 experience;

 ●

 achieve expected
 synergies and obtain the desired financial or strategic benefits from
 acquisitions;

 ●

 retain key relationships
 with employees, customers, partners and suppliers of acquired companies;
 and

 ●

 maintain uniform
 standards, controls, procedures and policies throughout acquired
 companies.

12

Table of
Contents

Acquired companies or
operations or newly created ventures may not be profitable or may not achieve
sales levels and profitability and cash flow that justify the investments.
Future acquisitions or ventures could also result in potentially dilutive
issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of debt, the assumption of
contingent liabilities, including litigation, an increase in expenses related to
certain assets and increased operating expenses, all of which could adversely
affect the Company’s results of operations and financial condition. Future
acquisitions of foreign companies or new foreign ventures would subject the
Company to local regulations and could potentially lead to risks related to,
among other things, increased exposure to foreign exchange rate changes,
government price control, repatriation of profits and liabilities relating to
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. In addition, to the extent that the economic
benefits associated with any of the Company’s acquisitions diminish in the
future, the Company may be required to record impairment charges related to
goodwill, intangible assets or other assets associated with such acquisitions,
which could adversely affect its operating results. 

The Company may also divest
certain assets, businesses or brands that do not meet the Company’s strategic
objectives or growth targets. With respect to any divestiture, the Company may
encounter difficulty finding potential acquirers or other divestiture options on
favorable terms. Any divestiture could affect the profitability of the Company
as a result of the gains or losses on such sale of a business or brand, the loss
of the operating income resulting from such sale or the costs or liabilities
that are not assumed by the acquirer (i.e., stranded costs) that may negatively
impact profitability and cash flow subsequent to any divestiture. The Company
may also be required to recognize impairment charges as a result of a divesture.

In addition, any potential
future acquisitions, new ventures or divestitures may divert the attention of
management and resources from matters that are core or critical to the Company’s
business. 

Profitability and cash flow
could suffer if the Company is unable to successfully implement its strategies,
generate anticipated cost savings and efficiencies or efficiently manage supply
chain and manufacturing processes. 

The Company continues to
implement plans to improve its competitive position by setting aggressive annual
cost savings targets, and it expects ongoing cost savings from its continuous
improvement activities. The Company anticipates these continuing cost savings
will result from reducing material costs and manufacturing inefficiencies and
realizing productivity gains, distribution efficiencies and overhead reductions.
If the Company cannot successfully implement its cost savings plans or the cost
of making these changes increases, the Company may not realize all anticipated
benefits, which could adversely affect its financial results or its long-term
strategies, such as the 2020 Strategy, which includes financial goals such as
annual net sales growth of 3-5%, market share growth, annual EBIT margin growth
between 25-50 basis points and annual free cash flow as a percentage of net
sales of about 10-12%. The Company also continues to seek to penetrate new
markets and introduce new products and product improvements. These goals and
strategies may not be implemented or may fail to achieve desired results. In
addition, the Company expects to continue to restructure its operations as
necessary to improve operational efficiency, including occasionally closing
facilities or plants. Gaining additional efficiencies may become increasingly
difficult over time, there may be one-time costs relating to facility closures
or other restructurings and anticipated cost savings and the Company’s
strategies may not be implemented or may fail to achieve desired results. If the
Company is unable to implement its strategies or if its strategies do not
achieve the intended effects, if it does not realize cost savings and other
efficiencies or if it is unable to efficiently manage its supply chain and
manufacturing processes, the Company’s financial results could suffer. These
plans and strategies could also have a negative impact on the Company’s
relationships with employees or customers, which could also adversely affect the
Company’s financial results.

Product liability,
commercial claims or other legal proceedings could adversely affect the
Company’s sales and operating results, including cash flow. 

The Company has in the past
paid, and may be required in the future to pay, for losses or injuries
purportedly caused by its products. Such claims may be based on allegations
that, among other things, the Company’s products contain contaminants or provide
inadequate instructions or warnings regarding their use, or damage property or
persons. Product liability claims could result in negative publicity that could
harm the Company’s reputation, sales and operating results. In addition, if any
of the Company’s products is found to be defective, the Company may recall it,
which could result in adverse publicity and significant expenses. Although the
Company maintains product liability insurance coverage, potential product
liability claims may be subject to a retention, exceed the amount of insurance
coverage or be excluded under the terms of the policies. 

13

Table of
Contents

In addition, the Company is,
and may in the future become, a party to litigation and other disputes,
including advertising disputes with competitors, consumer class actions, labor
claims, securities litigation and litigation in foreign jurisdictions. In
general, claims made by or against the Company in litigation, disputes or other
proceedings have been and can in the future be expensive and time-consuming to
bring or defend against and could result in settlements, injunctions or damages
that could significantly affect its business or financial results or condition.
It is not possible to predict the final resolution of the litigation, disputes
or proceedings with which the Company currently is or may in the future become
involved. The impact of these matters on the Company’s business, results of
operations and financial condition could be material. See “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and
the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Exhibit 99.1 for additional
information related to these matters, including litigation related to its
discontinued operations in Brazil.

Loss of, or inability to
attract, key personnel could adversely impact the Company’s business.

The Company’s success depends,
in part, on its ability to retain its key personnel, including its executive
officers and senior management team. The unexpected loss of one or more of the
Company’s key employees could disrupt its business. The Company’s success also
depends, in part, on its continuing ability to identify, hire, train and retain
other highly qualified personnel. Competition for these employees can be
intense, especially in the San Francisco Bay Area, where the Company’s
headquarters and largest research facility are located. As the Company expands
into new categories or markets, including more regulated businesses, it will
also require personnel with relevant training and experience in such categories
or markets. The Company may not be able to attract, assimilate or retain
qualified personnel in the future, and its failure to do so could adversely
affect its business. 

Harm to the Company’s
reputation or the reputation of one or more of its leading brands could have an
adverse effect on the business. 

Maintaining a strong
reputation with consumers, customers and trade partners is critical to the
success of the Company’s business. The Company devotes significant time and
resources to programs designed to protect and preserve the Company’s reputation
and the reputation of its brands. These programs include ethics and compliance,
sustainability and product safety and quality initiatives. Despite these
efforts, negative publicity about the Company, including product safety,
quality, efficacy or similar concerns, whether real or perceived, could occur,
and the Company’s products could face withdrawal, recall or other quality
issues. The Company also licenses certain of its brands to third parties, which
creates additional exposure for those brands to product safety, quality and
other concerns. In addition, widespread use of social media and networking sites
by consumers has greatly increased the speed and accessibility of information
dissemination. Negative or inaccurate publicity, posts or comments about the
Company or its brands, or disclosure of non-public sensitive information about
the Company, could be widely disseminated through the use of social media. Such
events, if they were to occur, could harm the Company’s image and adversely
affect its business, as well as require resources to rebuild the Company’s
reputation.

Environmental matters
create potential liabilities that could adversely affect the Company’s results
of operations or financial condition. 

The Company must comply with
various environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it
operates, including those relating to air emissions, water discharges, handling
and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes, remediation of contamination
associated with the use and disposal of hazardous substances and climate change.
The Company has incurred, and will continue to incur, significant expenditures
and other costs in complying with environmental laws and regulations and in
providing physical security for its worldwide operations, and such expenditures
reduce the cash flow available to the Company for other purposes. 

The Company is currently
involved in or has potential liability with respect to the remediation of past
contamination in the operation of some of its current and former facilities. In
addition, some of its present and former facilities have or had been in
operation for many years and, over that time, some of those facilities may have
used substances or generated and disposed of wastes that are or may be
considered hazardous. It is possible that those sites, as well as disposal sites
owned by third parties to whom the Company has sent waste, may be identified and
become the subject of remediation. The Company could also become subject to
additional environmental liabilities in the future that could result in a
material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial
condition.

14

Table of
Contents

The Company had a recorded
liability of $12 million and $14 million as of June 30, 2015 and 2014,
respectively, for its share of aggregate future remediation costs related to
certain environmental matters, including response actions at various locations.
One matter in Dickinson County, Michigan, for which the Company is jointly and
severally liable, accounts for a substantial majority of the recorded liability
as of both June 30, 2015 and 2014. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements in Exhibit 99.1 for additional information related to these
liabilities.

The Company also handles
and/or transports hazardous substances, including but not limited to chlorine,
at some of its international plant sites. A release of such chemicals, whether
in transit or at the Company’s facilities, due to accident or an intentional act
could result in substantial liability and business disruptions. 

The facilities of the
Company and its suppliers are subject to disruption by events beyond the
Company’s control. 

Operations at facilities of
the Company, its suppliers, service providers and retail customers are subject
to disruption for a variety of reasons, including work stoppages,
demonstrations, disease outbreaks or pandemics, acts of war, terrorism, fire,
earthquakes, flooding or other natural disasters. The Company’s corporate
headquarters and primary research and development facility are located near
major earthquake fault lines in California. If a major disruption were to occur,
it could result in harm to people or the natural environment, temporary loss of
access to critical data, delays in shipments of products to customers or
suspension of operations. Any such disruption could have a material adverse
impact on the Company’s business. 

Failure to maximize,
successfully assert or successfully defend the Company’s intellectual property
rights could impact its competitiveness. 

The Company relies on
intellectual property rights based on trademark, trade secret, patent and
copyright laws to protect its brands, products and packaging for its products.
The Company cannot be certain that these intellectual property rights will be
maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. There is a risk that the
Company will not be able to obtain and perfect its own intellectual property
rights or, where appropriate, license intellectual property rights necessary to
support new product introductions. The Company cannot be certain that these
rights, if obtained, will not later be invalidated, circumvented or challenged,
and the Company could incur significant costs in connection with legal actions
to assert its intellectual property rights or to defend those rights from
assertions of invalidity. In addition, even if such rights are obtained in the
United States, the laws of some of the other countries in which the Company’s
products are or may be sold may not protect intellectual property rights to the
same extent as the laws of the United States. If other parties infringe the
Company’s intellectual property rights, they may dilute the value of the
Company’s brands in the marketplace, which could diminish the value that
consumers associate with the Company’s brands and harm its sales. The failure to
perfect or successfully assert its intellectual property rights could make the
Company less competitive and could have a material adverse effect on its
business, operating results, and financial condition. 

If the Company is found to
have infringed the intellectual property rights of others or cannot obtain
necessary intellectual property rights from others, its competitiveness could be
negatively impacted.

If the Company is found to
have violated the trademark, trade secret, copyright, patent or other
intellectual property rights of others, directly or indirectly, through the use
of third-party ideas or technologies, such a finding could result in the need to
cease use of a trademark, trade secret, copyrighted work or patented invention
in the Company’s business and the obligation to pay a substantial amount for
past infringement. If holders are willing to permit the Company to continue to
use such intellectual property rights, they could require a payment of a
substantial amount for continued use of those rights. Either ceasing use or
paying such amounts could cause the Company to become less competitive and could
have a material adverse impact on the Company’s business, operating results and
financial condition.

Even if the Company is not
found to infringe a third party’s intellectual property rights, claims of
infringement could adversely affect the Company’s business. For example, if the
Company seeks proposals from multiple vendors for a new product or innovation
and chooses to partner with a particular vendor, another vendor may claim the
Company infringed its intellectual property rights by using information gathered
from the vendor proposals. The Company could incur material legal costs and
related expenses to defend against such claims. 

15

Table of
Contents

The Company’s substantial
indebtedness could adversely affect its operations and financial results and
prevent the Company from fulfilling its obligations, and the Company may incur
substantially more debt in the future, which could exacerbate these risks.

As of June 30, 2015, the
Company had over $2 billion of debt, including $300 million of senior unsecured
notes that mature in fiscal year 2016. The Company’s substantial indebtedness
could have important consequences. For example, it could:

 ●

 require the Company to
 dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations to
 payments on its indebtedness, which would reduce the availability of its
 cash flow to fund working capital requirements, capital expenditures,
 future acquisitions and other general corporate purposes;

 ●

 limit the Company’s
 flexibility in planning for or reacting to general adverse economic
 conditions or changes in its business and the industries in which it
 operates;

 ●

 place the Company at a
 competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors that have less debt;
 and

 ●

 limit, along with the
 financial and other restrictive covenants in the Company’s debt documents,
 its ability to borrow additional
funds.

Additionally, failure by the
Company to comply with the financial and other restrictive covenants in its debt
documents could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived,
could have a significant adverse effect on the Company. Further, certain terms
of the agreements governing the Company’s over-the-counter derivative
instruments contain provisions that require the Company’s credit ratings, as
assigned by Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s to the Company and its
counterparties, to remain at a level equal to or better than the minimum of an
investment grade credit rating. As of June 30, 2015, the Company and each of its
counterparties had been assigned investment-grade ratings with both Standard
& Poor’s and Moody’s. However, if the Company’s credit rating were to fall
below investment grade, the counterparties to the derivative instruments in net
liability positions could request full collateralization.

The Company may incur
substantial additional indebtedness in the future to fund acquisitions,
repurchase shares or fund other activities for general business purposes,
subject to compliance with the Company’s existing restrictive debt covenants. As
of June 30, 2015, the Company could add approximately $2 billion in incremental
debt and remain in compliance with restrictive debt covenants, although the
actual amount that the Company may be able to borrow in the future may not equal
this amount. If new debt is added to the current debt levels, the related risks
that the Company now faces could intensify. In addition, the cost of

incurring additional debt could
increase due to possible downgrades in the Company’s credit rating, economic
conditions or otherwise. 

The Company may not
continue to pay dividends or repurchase its stock. 

Although the Company has
historically declared and paid quarterly cash dividends on its common stock and
has been authorized to repurchase its shares subject to certain limitations
under its share repurchase programs, any determinations by the board of
directors to continue to declare and pay cash dividends on the Company’s common
stock or to repurchase the Company’s common stock will be based primarily upon
the Company’s financial condition, results of operations and business
requirements, the price of its common stock in the case of the repurchase
program and the board of directors’ continuing determination that the repurchase
programs and the declaration and payment of dividends are in the best interests
of the Company’s stockholders and are in compliance with all laws and agreements
applicable to the repurchase and dividend programs. The Company’s ability to
continue to declare and pay cash dividends will depend upon, among other things,
its cash balances and future cash requirements, results of operations, financial
condition and net earnings, all of which are subject to general economic,
financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond the
Company’s control. In the event the Company does not declare and pay a quarterly
dividend or discontinues its share repurchases, the Company’s stock price could
be adversely affected.

16

Table of
Contents

The Company’s continued
growth and expansion and reliance on third-party service providers could
adversely affect its internal control over financial reporting, which could harm
its business and financial results.

Clorox management is
responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial
reporting for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States. Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute
assurance that a misstatement of the Company’s financial statements would be
prevented or detected. The Company’s continuing growth and expansion in domestic
and globally dispersed markets will place significant additional pressure on the
Company’s system of internal control over financial reporting. Moreover, the
Company engages the services of third parties to assist with business operations
and financial reporting processes, which injects additional monitoring
obligations and risk into the system of internal control. Any failure to
maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could
limit the Company’s ability to report its financial results accurately and on a
timely basis, or to detect and prevent fraud. 

The Company’s judgments
regarding the accounting for tax positions and the resolution of tax disputes
may impact the Company’s earnings and cash flow. 

Significant judgment is
required to determine the Company’s effective tax rate and evaluate its tax
positions. The Company provides for uncertain tax positions when such tax
positions do not meet the recognition thresholds or measurement criteria
prescribed by applicable accounting standards. Fluctuations in federal, state,
local and foreign taxes or a change to uncertain tax positions, including
related interest and penalties, may impact the Company’s effective tax rate and
the Company’s financial results. When particular tax matters arise, a number of
years may elapse before such matters are audited and finally resolved.
Unfavorable resolution of any tax matter could increase the effective tax rate,
which would have an adverse effect on the Company’s operating results. Any
resolution of a tax issue may require the use of cash in the year of resolution.
For additional information, see the information set forth in the Notes to
Consolidated Financial Statements in Exhibit 99.1. 

The estimates and
assumptions on which the Company’s financial statement projections are based may
prove to be inaccurate, which may cause its actual results to materially differ
from such projections, which may adversely affect the Company’s future cash
flows and stock price. 

The Company’s financial
statement projections are dependent on certain estimates and assumptions related
to, among other things, category growth, market share projections, product
pricing, foreign exchange rates, commodity prices, cost savings, accruals for
estimated liabilities, including litigation reserves, goodwill, market share
projections, measurement of benefit obligations for pension and other
postretirement benefit plans and the Company’s ability to generate sufficient
cash flow to reinvest in its existing business, fund internal growth, repurchase
its shares, make acquisitions, pay dividends and meet debt obligations. While
the Company’s projections are based on historical experience and on various
other assumptions that the Company believes to be reasonable under the
circumstances and at the time they are made, the Company’s actual results may
differ materially from its financial outlook. Any material variation between the
Company’s projections and its actual results may adversely affect the Company’s
future cash flows and stock price. 

The Company’s business
could be negatively impacted as a result of stockholder activism or an
unsolicited takeover proposal or a proxy contest. 

In recent years, proxy
contests and other forms of stockholder activism have been directed against
numerous public companies, including the Company. During fiscal years 2012 and
2011, the Company was the target of an unsolicited takeover proposal from a
stockholder activist, which resulted in significant costs to the Company. If
such a proposal were to be made again, the Company would incur significant
costs, which would have an adverse effect on the Company’s financial results.
Stockholder activists may also seek to involve themselves in the governance,
strategic direction and operations of the Company. Such proposals may disrupt
the Company’s business and divert the attention of the Company’s management and
employees, and any perceived uncertainties as to the Company’s future direction
resulting from such a situation could result in the loss of potential business
opportunities, the 
perception that
the Company needs a change in the direction of its business, the perception that
the Company is unstable or lacks continuity, which may be exploited by our
competitors, and cause concern to our current or potential customers, and may
make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified personnel and business
partners, which could adversely affect the Company’s business. In addition,
actions of activist stockholders may cause significant fluctuations in our stock
price based on temporary or speculative market perceptions or other factors that
do not necessarily reflect the underlying fundamentals and prospects of our
business.

17

Table of
Contents