The following risks and uncertainties, as
well as other factors described elsewhere in this Report or in other filings by
the Company with the SEC, could adversely affect the Company’s business,
financial condition and results of operations. Additional risks and
uncertainties that are not currently known to the Company or that are not
currently believed by the Company to be material may also harm the Company’s
business operations and financial results. 

the impact of
 general economic conditions in the United States and in other countries in
 which the Company currently does business; 

the impact of
 currency fluctuations; 

significant
 increases in the costs of energy and transportation, including the cost of
 diesel, or of key raw materials, including but not limited to resin,
 chlor-alkali, corrugate, agricultural commodities and other raw materials;

the
 availability and cost of debt financing; 

changes to
 cash flow resulting from the Company’s operating results, tax settlement
 payments, debt repayments and share repurchases; 

8

Table of Contents

fluctuations
 in federal, state, local and foreign taxes; 

the ability of
 the Company to successfully execute its strategies, including its Centennial
 Strategy; 

expenses for
 impairment and obsolescence of property, plant and equipment in excess of
 projections;

expenses for impairment of goodwill, trademarks
 and other intangible assets and equity investments in excess of projections;

the
 introduction of new products and line extensions by the Company or its
 competitors; 

the impact of
 potential emerging technologies on the Company’s existing product lines,
 including any potential future obsolescence; 

consumer and
 customer reaction to price increases; 

changes in
 product pricing by the Company or its competitors; 

the impact of
 customer inventory reductions or shelf simplification initiatives; 

the mix of
 products sold within different channels and countries with varying
 profitability in a given quarter; 

the ability of
 the Company to manage inventory at appropriate levels, including decisions
 regarding obsolescence; 

the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel;

charges resulting from any restructuring that management
 may, from time to time, choose to undertake; 

the impact of changing accounting principles and standards;

expenses for
 impairment of goodwill, trademarks and other intangible assets and equity
 investments in excess of projections; 

the effectiveness of the Company’s advertising, marketing
 and promotional programs; 

the Company’s ability to control internal costs and generate
 expected cost savings and efficiencies;

the ability of
 the Company to achieve its business plans, including volume growth and pricing
 plans, as a result of high levels of competitive activity; 

the ability of
 the Company to penetrate and grow international markets; 

the ability of the Company to maintain key retail customer
 relationships; 

the impact of potential emerging technologies on the
 Company’s existing product lines, including any potential future obsolescence;

significant increases in interest rates, insurance costs, or
 in pension, healthcare or other employee benefit costs; 

the ability to attract and retain qualified personnel;

the impact of
 changes in the market value of investments, including those investments held
 in the Company’s pension plan, and any resulting funding requirements; 

the ability of
 the Company to successfully manage regulatory, tax and legal matters,
 including the resolution of pending matters within current
 estimates;

the impact of
 any litigation or product liability claims; 

the impact of
 environmental remediation costs, including those for which the Company is
 jointly and severally liable; 

the ability of
 the Company to maintain the value and reputation of its brands; 

the ability of
 the Company to maintain key retail customer relationships; 

the
 effectiveness of the Company’s advertising, marketing and promotional
 programs; 

the ability of
 the Company to maintain and enhance profits in the face of a consolidating
 retail environment; 

the ability of
 the Company to penetrate and grow international markets; and 

the impact of
 foreign import and export restrictions or other trade regulations.

In addition, sales volume growth, whether
due to acquisitions or to internal growth, can burden management resources and
financial controls that, in turn, can have a negative impact on operating
results and net earnings. To some extent, the Company sets its expense levels in
anticipation of future revenues. If actual revenue falls short of these
expectations, operating results and net earnings are likely to be adversely
affected. 

9

Table of Contents

The Company faces intense competition
in its markets, which could lead to reduced profitability.

The Company faces intense competition from
consumer product companies both in the U.S. and in its international markets.
Most of the Company’s products compete with other widely-advertised brands
within each product category and with “private label” brands and “generic”
nonbranded products of grocery chains and wholesale cooperatives in certain
categories, which typically are sold at lower prices.

The Company’s products generally compete
on the basis of product performance, brand recognition, price, value or other
benefits to consumers. Advertising, promotion, merchandising and packaging also
have a significant impact on consumer purchasing decisions. A newly introduced
consumer product (whether improved or newly developed) usually encounters
intense competition requiring substantial expenditures for advertising, sales
promotion and trade merchandising. If a product gains consumer acceptance, it
normally requires continued advertising, promotional support and product
improvements to maintain its relative market position. 

Some of the Company’s competitors are
larger and have financial resources greater than those of the Company. These
competitors may be able to spend more aggressively on advertising and
promotional activities, introduce competing products more quickly and respond
more effectively to changing business and economic conditions than the Company
can. In addition, the Company’s competitors may attempt to gain market share by
offering products at prices at or below those typically offered by the Company.
Competitive activity may require the Company to increase its spending on
advertising and promotions or reduce prices and could lead to reduced profits
and could adversely affect growth. 

Unfavorable general economic conditions
and financial market volatility may negatively impact the Company’s financial
performance and liquidity. 

Although the Company continues to devote
significant resources to support its brands, unfavorable economic conditions may
negatively affect consumer demand for the Company’s products. Consumers may
reduce discretionary spending due to economic uncertainty or unfavorable
economic conditions and this may lead to reduced sales volumes or cause a shift
in the Company’s product mix from higher margin to lower margin products.
Consumers may increase purchases of lower-priced or non-branded products and the
Company’s competitors may increase levels of promotional activity for
lower-priced products as they seek to maintain sales volumes during the
downturn.

In addition, global financial markets have
experienced unprecedented disruptions during fiscal year 2009 and continuing
volatility could harm the Company’s business. Although the Company currently
generates significant cash flows from ongoing operations and has access to
global credit markets through its financing activities and existing credit
facilities, if the current credit conditions were to worsen, the Company might
not be able to access credit markets on favorable terms, which could adversely
affect the Company’s ability to borrow. Financial market volatility and
unfavorable economic conditions may also adversely affect the financial
condition of our customers, suppliers and other business partners. In addition,
the decline in the equity markets and the valuation of other assets precipitated by
the credit crisis and financial system disruptions has affected the value of the
Company’s pension plan assets. The lower pension plan asset base has negatively
affected the return on plan assets, increased the Company’s pension expense and
required additional pension funding. If current market conditions worsen or
continue for a prolonged period of time, it could have an additional negative
impact on future pension expense and cash flow. 

10

Table of Contents

Sales growth may be difficult to
achieve. 

A large percentage of the Company’s
revenues comes from mature markets that are subject to increased competition.
During fiscal year 2009, approximately 80% of the Company’s net sales were
generated in U.S. markets. U.S. markets for household products are considered
mature and are generally characterized by high household penetration. The
Company’s ability to achieve sales growth will depend on its ability to drive
growth through innovation, investment in its established brands and enhanced
merchandising and its ability to capture market share from competitors. In
addition, price increases may slow sales growth or create declines in sales in
the short term as consumers adjust to price increases. If the Company is unable
to increase market share in existing product lines, develop product
improvements, undertake sales, marketing and advertising initiatives that grow
its product categories, and develop, acquire or successfully launch new
products, it may not achieve its sales growth objectives.

Operations outside the United States
expose the Company to foreign exchange rate risk, uncertain conditions and other
risks in international markets. 

The Company is exposed to foreign currency
exchange rate risk with respect to its sales, profits, assets and liabilities
denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Although the Company uses
instruments to hedge certain foreign currency risks, these hedges only offset a
small portion of the Company’s exposure to foreign currency fluctuations and its
reported earnings may be affected by changes in foreign exchange rates.
Moreover, any favorable impacts to profit margins or financial results from
fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates are likely to be unsustainable
over time. 

In addition to foreign exchange rate
risks, the Company faces and will continue to face substantial risks associated
with having foreign operations, including: 

 economic or political instability in its
 international markets, particularly in Latin America; 

difficulty in obtaining U.S. dollars to pay for
 the raw materials needed to manufacture the Company’s products, particularly
 in Venezuela; 

restrictions on or costs relating to the
 repatriation of foreign profits to the United States, including possible taxes
 or withholding obligations on any repatriations; and 

the imposition of tariffs, trade restrictions or
 other governmental actions.

These risks could have a significant
impact on the Company’s ability to sell its products on a competitive basis in
international markets and may have a material adverse effect on its results of
operations or financial position. The Company’s small sales volume in some
countries, relative to some multinational and local competitors, could
exacerbate such risks. 

Also, the Company’s operations outside the
United States are subject to risks relating to compliance with legal and
regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions, potential difficulties in
staffing and managing local operations, potentially higher incidence of fraud or
corruption, credit risk of local customers and distributors, and potentially
adverse tax consequences.

11

Table of Contents

The Company may not successfully
develop and introduce new products and line extensions. 

The Company’s future performance and
growth depends on its ability to successfully develop and introduce new products
and line extensions. The Company cannot be certain that it will successfully
achieve those goals. The development and introduction of new products requires
substantial and effective research, development and marketing expenditures,
which the Company may be unable to recoup if the new products do not gain
widespread market acceptance. New product development and marketing efforts,
including entering markets or product categories in which the Company has
limited or no prior experience, have inherent risks. These risks include product
development or launch delays, which could result in the Company not being first
to market, the failure of new products and line extensions to achieve
anticipated levels of market acceptance, and the cost of failed product
introductions.

Dependence on key customers could
adversely affect the Company’s business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

A limited number of customers account for
a large percentage of the Company’s net sales. The Company’s largest customer,
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and its domestic and international affiliated companies,
accounted for approximately 27%, 26% and 26% of the Company’s net sales during
fiscal years 2009, 2008 and 2007. During fiscal years 2009, 2008, and 2007, the
Company’s five largest customers accounted for 43%, 42% and 42%, respectively,
of its total consolidated net sales. The Company expects that a significant
portion of its revenues will continue to be derived from a small number of
customers. As a result, changes in the strategies of the Company’s largest
customers, including shelf simplification or a reduction in the number of brands
they carry or a shift of shelf space to “private-label” or competitors’
products, may harm the Company’s sales.

In addition, the Company’s business is
based primarily upon individual sales orders, and the Company typically does not
enter into long-term contracts with its customers. Accordingly, these customers
could reduce their purchasing levels or cease buying products from the Company
at any time and for any reason. If the Company does not effectively respond to
the demands of its customers, they could decrease their purchases from the
Company, causing the Company’s sales and profits to decline. In recent years,
the Company has seen increasing retailer consolidation both in the U.S. and
internationally. This trend has resulted in the increased size and influence of
large consolidated retailers, who may demand lower pricing or special packaging,
or impose other requirements on product suppliers. These business demands may
relate to inventory practices, logistics, or other aspects of the
customer-supplier relationship. If the Company ceases doing business with a
significant customer or if sales of its products to a significant customer
materially decrease, the Company’s business, financial condition and results of
operations may be harmed.

The Company’s financial results could
suffer if the Company is unable to implement its strategies or if the Company’s
strategies do not achieve the intended effects. 

There is no assurance that the Company
will be able to implement its strategies, including its Centennial Strategy, or
will achieve its intended growth targets. If the Company is unable to implement
its strategies in accordance with its expectations, the Company’s financial
results could be adversely affected. Moreover, the Company cannot be certain
that implementation of its strategies will necessarily advance the Company’s
business or financial results.

Profitability could suffer if the
Company is unable to generate anticipated savings and efficiencies, including
through its supply chain restructuring and operating model changes.

The Company’s success and profitability
depend on efficient manufacture and production of products. Beginning in fiscal
year 2008, the Company began a supply chain restructuring involving closing
certain domestic and international manufacturing facilities and redistributing
production between the remaining facilities and third-party producers to
optimize available capacity and reduce operating costs. Gaining additional
efficiencies may become increasingly difficult over time and any failure to
successfully execute such changes may result in supply chain interruption, which
may negatively impact product volume and margins. In addition, one of the
Company’s key strategies is to reduce waste, lower costs and increase
productivity. The Company sets aggressive annual cost savings targets in support
of this strategy. Failure to reduce costs through productivity gains and
operating model efficiencies could adversely affect profitability.

12

Table of Contents

Price increases in raw materials,
energy, transportation and other necessary supplies or services could harm the
Company’s profits. 

Increases in the cost of raw materials,
including resin, chlor-alkali, linerboard, soybean oil, solvent, natural oils,
corrugate and other chemicals and agricultural commodities, or increases in the
cost of energy, transportation and other necessary services, including the cost
of diesel, may harm the Company’s profits and operating results. If price
increases for any of the primary raw materials or other necessary supplies or
services occur and the Company is not able to increase the prices of its
products or achieve cost savings to offset such price increases, its profits and
operating results will be harmed. In addition, if the Company increases the
prices of its products in response to increases in the cost of commodities, and
the commodity costs decline, the Company may not be able to sustain its price
increases over time. Sustained price increases may lead to declines in volume,
and while the Company seeks to project tradeoffs between price increases and
volume, its projections may not accurately predict the volume impact of price
increases. 

For further information regarding the
impact of changes in commodity prices, see “Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosure about Market Risk” in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations” on pages 16 through 17 of Exhibit 99.1
hereto, incorporated herein by reference. 

Reliance on a limited base of suppliers
may result in disruption to the Company’s business. 

The Company relies on a limited number of
suppliers, including sole suppliers for certain of its raw materials, packaging,
product components, finished products and other necessary supplies. If the
Company is unable to maintain supplier arrangements and relationships, or if it
is unable to contract with suppliers at the quantity and quality levels needed
for its business, or if any of the Company’s key suppliers becomes insolvent or
experiences other financial distress, the Company could experience disruptions
in production and its financial results could be adversely affected.

Acquisitions and new venture
investments may not be successful. 

In connection with the Company’s
Centennial Strategy, the Company may seek to increase growth through
acquisitions. Not only is the identification of good acquisition candidates
difficult and competitive, but these transactions also involve numerous risks,
including the ability to: 

 successfully integrate acquired companies,
 products or personnel into the Company’s existing business; 

achieve expected synergies and obtain the desired
 financial or strategic benefits from acquisitions; 

retain key relationships with employees,
 customers, partners and suppliers of acquired companies; and 

maintain uniform standards, controls, procedures
 and policies throughout acquired companies.

Companies or operations acquired or joint
ventures created may not be profitable or may not achieve sales levels and
profitability that justify the investments made. Future acquisitions could also
result in potentially dilutive issuances of equity securities, the incurrence of
debt, the assumption of contingent liabilities, the increase in amortization
expenses related to certain intangible assets and increased operating expenses,
which could adversely affect the Company’s results of operations and financial
condition. Future acquisitions of foreign companies would increase the Company’s
exposure to foreign exchange risks. In addition, to the extent that the economic
benefits associated with any of the Company’s acquisitions diminish in the
future, the Company may be required to record additional write-downs of
goodwill, intangible assets or other assets associated with such acquisitions,
which could adversely affect its operating results.

In November 2007, the Company acquired
Burt’s Bees Inc., a leading manufacturer and marketer of natural personal care
products, for an aggregate purchase price of $913 million (excluding $25 million
of associated tax benefits). There is no assurance that the Company will be able
to achieve the sales and profit growth or increased distribution in the Burt’s
Bees business that management has projected. 

13

Table of Contents

Additional government regulations could
impose material costs. 

Generally, the manufacture, packaging,
labeling, storage, distribution and advertising of the Company’s products and
the conduct of its business operations must all comply with extensive federal,
state and foreign laws and regulations. For example, in the United States, many
of the Company’s products are regulated by the Environmental Protection Agency,
the Food and Drug Administration and the Consumer Product Safety Commission and
the Company’s product claims and advertising are regulated by the Federal Trade
Commission. In addition, security at certain of our facilities is regulated by
the Department of Homeland Security. Most states have agencies that regulate in
parallel to these federal agencies. In addition, the Company’s international
operations are subject to regulation in each of the foreign jurisdictions in
which it manufactures or distributes its products. If the Company is found to be
out of compliance with applicable laws and regulations in these or other areas,
it could be subject to civil remedies, including fines, injunctions, recalls or
asset seizures, as well as potential criminal sanctions, any of which could have
a material adverse effect on its business. Loss of or failure to obtain
necessary permits and registrations could delay or prevent the Company from
meeting current product demand, introducing new products, building new
facilities or acquiring new businesses and could adversely affect operating
results, particularly with respect to its charcoal business. It is possible that
the federal government will increase regulation of the transportation, storage
or use of certain chemicals to enhance homeland security or protect the
environment and that such regulation could negatively impact the Company’s
ability to obtain raw material or increase costs. In addition, pending
legislative initiatives, such as in the areas of healthcare reform, taxation of
foreign profits and corporate governance and executive compensation, could also
increase the Company's costs.

Product liability claims could
adversely affect the Company’s sales and operating results.

The Company may be required to pay for
losses or injuries purportedly caused by its products. Claims could be based on
allegations that, among other things, the Company’s products contain
contaminants or provide inadequate instructions regarding their use, or
inadequate warnings concerning interactions with other substances or damage
property. Product liability claims could result in negative publicity that could
harm the Company’s sales and operating results. In addition, if one of the
Company’s products is found to be defective, the Company could be required to
recall it, which could result in adverse publicity and significant expenses.
Although the Company maintains product liability insurance coverage, potential
product liability claims may exceed the amount of insurance coverage or certain
product liability claims may be excluded under the terms of the
policy.

Environmental matters create potential
liability risks. 

The Company must comply with various
environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which it operates,
including those relating to air emissions, water discharges, the handling and
disposal of solid and hazardous wastes and the remediation of contamination
associated with the use and disposal of hazardous substances. The Company is
currently involved in or has potential liability with respect to the remediation
of past contamination in the operation of some of its currently and formerly
owned and leased facilities. In addition, some of its present and former
facilities have been or had been in operation for many years and, over that
time, some of these facilities may have used substances or generated and
disposed of wastes that are or may be considered hazardous. It is possible that
those sites, as well as disposal sites owned by third parties to whom the
Company has sent waste, may in the future be identified and become the subject
of remediation. It is possible that the Company could become subject to
additional environmental liabilities in the future that could result in a
material adverse effect on its results of operations or financial condition.

At June 30, 2009, the Company had a
recorded liability of $19 million for its future remediation costs. One matter
in Dickinson County, Michigan, for which the Company is jointly and severally
liable, accounts for a substantial majority of the recorded liability. The
Company is subject to a cost-sharing arrangement with Ford Motor Co. (Ford) for
this matter, under which the Company has agreed to be liable for 24.3% of the
aggregate remediation and associated costs, other than legal fees, as it and
Ford are each responsible for their own such fees. If Ford is unable to pay its
share of the response and remediation obligations, the Company would likely be
responsible for such obligations. In October 2004, the Company and Ford agreed
to a consent judgment with the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality,
which sets forth certain remediation goals and monitoring activities. Based on
the current status of this matter, and with the assistance of environmental
consultants, the Company maintains an undiscounted liability representing its
best estimate of its share of costs associated with the capital expenditures,
maintenance and other costs to be incurred over an estimated 30-year remediation
period. The most significant components of the liability relate to the estimated
costs associated with the remediation of groundwater contamination and excess
levels of subterranean methane deposits. Currently, the Company cannot
accurately predict the timing of the payments that will likely be made under
this estimated obligation. In addition, the estimated loss exposure is sensitive
to a variety of uncertain factors, including the efficacy of remediation
efforts, changes in remediation requirements and the timing, varying costs and
alternative clean-up technologies that may become available in the future.
Although it is possible that the Company’s exposure may exceed the amount
recorded, any amount of such additional exposures, or range of exposures, is not
estimable at this time. 

14

Table of Contents

The Company also handles and/or transports
hazardous substances, including but not limited to chlorine, at its plant sites,
including the rail transit of liquid chlorine from its point of origin to the
Company’s manufacturing facilities. A release of such chemicals, whether in
transit or at our facilities, due to accident or an intentional act, could
result in substantial liability. The Company has incurred, and will continue to
incur, significant capital and operating expenditures and other costs in
complying with environmental laws and regulations and in providing physical
security for its worldwide operations, and such expenditures reduce the cash
flow available to the Company for other purposes. 

Failure to maximize, successfully
assert or successfully defend the Company’s intellectual property rights could
impact its competitiveness. 

The Company relies on intellectual
property rights based on trademark, trade secret, patent and copyright laws to
protect its brands, its products, and the packaging for those products. The
Company cannot be certain that these intellectual property rights will be
maximized or that they can be successfully asserted. There is a risk that the
Company will not be able to obtain and perfect its own intellectual property
rights or, where appropriate, license intellectual property rights necessary to
support new product introductions. The Company cannot be certain that these
rights, if obtained, will not later be invalidated, circumvented or challenged,
and the Company could incur significant costs in connection with legal actions
to assert its intellectual property rights, or to defend those rights from
assertions of invalidity. In addition, even if such rights are obtained in the
United States, the laws of some of the other countries in which the Company’s
products are or may be sold do not protect intellectual property rights to the
same extent as the laws of the United States. If other parties infringe the
Company’s intellectual property rights, they may dilute the value of the
Company’s brands in the marketplace, which could diminish the value that
consumers associate with the Company’s brands and harm its sales. The failure to
perfect or successfully assert its intellectual property rights could make the
Company less competitive and could have a material adverse effect on its
business, operating results and financial condition.

If the Company is found to have
infringed the intellectual property rights of others or cannot obtain necessary
intellectual property rights from others, its competitiveness could be
negatively impacted. 

If the Company is found to have violated
the trademark, trade secret, copyright, patent or other intellectual property
rights of others, such a finding could result in the need to cease use of a
trademark, trade secret, copyrighted work or patented invention in the Company’s
business and the obligation to pay a substantial amount for past infringement.
In some instances, the Company may not be able to obtain the intellectual
property rights necessary to support new product introductions or on-going
sales. It could also be necessary to pay a substantial amount in the future for
rights if holders are willing to permit the Company to continue to use the
intellectual property rights. Either having to cease use or pay such amounts
could make the Company less competitive and could have a material adverse impact
on its business, operating results and financial condition. 

The Company’s substantial indebtedness
could adversely affect its operations and financial results and prevent the
Company from fulfilling its obligations. 

The Company has a significant amount of
indebtedness. As of June 30, 2009, the Company had $3.1 billion of debt. The
Company’s substantial indebtedness could have important consequences. For
example, it could: 

 make it more difficult for the Company to satisfy
 its cash obligations; 

increase the Company’s vulnerability to general
 adverse economic and industry conditions; 

limit the Company’s ability to fund potential
 acquisitions; 

require the Company to dedicate a substantial
 portion of its cash flow from operations to payments on its indebtedness,
 which would reduce the availability of its cash flow to fund working capital
 requirements, capital expenditures, expansion efforts and other general
 corporate purposes; 

limit the Company’s flexibility in planning for,
 or reacting to, changes in its business and the industry in which it

operates;

15

Table of Contents

 place the Company at a competitive disadvantage
 compared to its competitors that have less debt; and 

limit, along with the financial and other
 restrictive covenants in the Company’s indebtedness, among other things, its
 ability to borrow additional funds. Failure to comply with these covenants
 could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could have a
 significant adverse effect on the Company. 

The Company may not have sufficient
cash to service its indebtedness and pay cash dividends. 

The Company’s ability to repay and
refinance its indebtedness and to fund capital expenditures depends on the
Company’s cash flow. In addition, the Company’s ability to pay cash dividends
depends on cash flow and net profits (as defined by Delaware law). The Company’s
cash flow and net profits are often subject to general economic, financial,
competitive, legislative, regulatory and other factors beyond the Company’s
control, and such factors may limit the Company’s ability to repay indebtedness
and pay cash dividends. 

The Company may incur substantially
more debt, which could further exacerbate the risks described
above.

The Company may incur substantial
additional indebtedness in the future to fund acquisitions, to repurchase shares
or to fund other activities for general business purposes, subject to compliance
with the Company’s existing restrictive debt covenants. As of June 30, 2009, the
Company could add approximately $600 million in incremental debt and remain in
compliance with restrictive debt covenants. If new debt is added to the current
debt levels, the related risks that the Company now faces could intensify. In
addition, the cost of incurring additional debt could increase due to possible
additional downgrades in the Company’s credit rating.

The facilities of the Company and its
suppliers are subject to disruption by events beyond the Company’s
control.

Operations at the facilities of the
Company and its suppliers are subject to disruption for a variety of reasons,
including work stoppages, disease outbreaks or pandemics, acts of war,
terrorism, , fire, earthquakes, flooding or other natural disasters. In
addition, the Company’s corporate headquarters and Technical Center are located
near major earthquake fault lines in California. If a major disruption were to
occur, it could result in harm to people or the natural environment, temporary
loss of access to critical data, delays in shipments of products to customers or
suspension of operations. 

The Company’s continued growth and
expansion and increasing reliance on third party service providers could
adversely affect its internal control over financial reporting, which could harm
its business and financial results.

Clorox management is responsible for
establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting.
Internal control over financial reporting is a process to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external purposes
in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of
the Company’s financial statements would be prevented or detected. The Company’s
continuing growth and expansion in domestic and globally dispersed markets will
place significant additional pressure on the Company’s system of internal
control over financial reporting. Moreover, the Company increasingly engages the
services of third parties to assist with business operations and financial
reporting processes, which inserts additional monitoring obligations and risk
into the system of internal control. Any failure to maintain an effective system
of internal control over financial reporting could limit the Company’s ability
to report its financial results accurately and on a timely basis or to detect
and prevent fraud.

Harm to the Company’s reputation or the
reputation of one or more of its leading brands could have an adverse effect on
the business.

Maintaining a strong reputation with
consumers, customers and trade partners is critical to the success of the
Company’s business. The Company devotes significant time and resources to
programs designed to protect and preserve the Company’s reputation and the
reputation of its brands. These programs include ethics and compliance,
sustainability, and product safety and quality initiatives, among others.
Despite these efforts, adverse publicity about the Company, including product
safety or quality or similar concerns, whether real or perceived, could harm the
Company’s image and result in an adverse effect on its business, as well as
require resources to rebuild its reputation. 

16

Table of Contents

Resolutions of tax disputes may impact
the Company’s earnings and cash flow. 

Significant judgment is required in
determining the Company’s effective tax rate and in evaluating its tax
positions. On July 1, 2007, the Company adopted FASB Interpretation No. (FIN)
48,
 Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes
– an Interpretation of Financial Accounting Standards Board Statement No.
109

. The Company provides for uncertain tax
positions when such tax positions do not meet the recognition thresholds or
measurement standards prescribed by FIN 48. Changes to uncertain tax positions,
including related interest and penalties, impact the Company’s effective tax
rate. When particular tax matters arise, a number of years may elapse before
such matters are audited and finally resolved. Favorable resolution of such
matters could be recognized as a reduction to the Company’s effective tax rate
in the year of resolution. Unfavorable resolution of any tax matter could
increase the effective tax rate. Any resolution of a tax issue may require the
use of cash in the year of resolution. For additional information, refer to the
information set forth in Note 20 - 
Income
Taxes 

of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements beginning on page 53 of Exhibit 99.1 hereto, incorporated herein by
reference.