Our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not
compete effectively. 

All of our businesses operate in intensely competitive industries and compete with a growing number of
companies that provide a broad range of entertainment, information and communication products and services to consumers. Moreover, in recent years, Congress and various states have enacted legislation and the FCC has adopted regulatory policies that
have had the effect of providing a more favorable operating environment for some of our existing and potential new competitors. 

While
competition for the cable services we offer consists primarily of DBS operators and phone companies, we also directly compete against other providers of traditional cable services, including SMATV systems and companies that build competing cable
systems in the same communities that we serve, as well as other companies that offer programming and other communications services, including high-speed Internet and phone services, to our customers and potential customers. These companies typically
offer features, pricing and packaging for services comparable to our cable services. Furthermore, we began offering Verizon Wireless’ products and services in addition to our cable services in certain of our service areas in 2012, some of our
phone company competitors, including Verizon, have their own wireless facilities, which we do not have, and have expanded or may expand their cable service offerings to include bundled wireless offerings, which may adversely affect our business and
results of operations. Technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape, as companies continue to emerge that offer services or devices that enable Internet video streaming and downloading of movies,
television shows and other video program-

Comcast 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K

28

Table of Contents

ming, and as wireless services and devices continue to evolve. In addition, we continue to seek ways to enhance and expand our existing cable services, such as by enhancing our video services
offerings by developing applications for, and providing live television streaming on, devices such as tablets and smartphones, by increasing cross functionality among our services and by expanding our business services to medium-sized businesses.
There can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow our cable communications business or to compete successfully in the future. 

Each of NBCUniversal’s businesses also faces substantial and increasing competition from providers of similar types of content, as well as
from other forms of entertainment and recreational activities. We must compete to obtain talent, programming and other resources required in operating these businesses. For example, our cable and broadcast networks and owned local television
stations compete for viewers with other similar networks and stations, as well as with other forms of entertainment and content available in the home, such as video games, DVDs and websites. More recently, we have begun competing for viewers with
services that provide Internet video streaming and downloading of our competitors’ content and, in some cases, of the service’s own high-quality original content. They also compete for the sale of advertising time with other networks and
stations, as well as with all other advertising platforms, such as radio stations, print media and websites. In addition, our cable networks compete with other cable networks and programming providers for carriage of their programming by
multichannel video providers. Our filmed entertainment business competes with other film studios and independent producers for sources of financing for the production of its films, for the exhibition of its films in theaters and for shelf space in
retail stores for its DVDs and also competes for consumers with other film producers and distributors and all other forms of entertainment inside and outside the home. Our theme parks business also competes with other multi-park entertainment
companies. For a more detailed description of the competition facing all of our businesses, see “Competition” above. 

Our
ability to compete effectively also is in part dependent on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, investors and governmental authorities. There can be no assurance that
we will be able to compete effectively against existing or new competitors or that competition will not have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

Changes in consumer behavior driven by new technologies may adversely affect our competitive position, business and results of operations.

We operate in a highly competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environment. New technologies have been, and will likely
continue to be, developed that further increase the number of competitors we face and that drive changes in consumer behavior. These technologies may affect the demand for all of our products and services, as the number of entertainment choices
available to, and the manners in which they are delivered to, consumers continue to increase. Our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging technologies or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our competitive
position, business and results of operations. 

New services and technologies that may compete with our video services include online
services and devices that offer Internet video streaming and downloading of movies, television shows and other video programming that can be viewed on television sets and computers, as well as other devices such as smartphones, tablets and
Internet-connected televisions. Some of these services charge a nominal or no fee for access to their content, which could adversely affect the demand for our video services, including for our premium networks, DVR and On Demand services. In
addition, consumers are increasingly interested in accessing information, entertainment and communication services outside the home, and newer services in wireless Internet technology, such as 3G and 4G wireless broadband services and Wi-Fi
networks, and devices such 

29

Comcast 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

as wireless data cards, tablets, smartphones and mobile wireless routers that connect to such devices, may compete with our high-speed Internet services. Our voice services are facing increased
competition from wireless and Internet-based phone services as more people choose to replace their traditional wireline phone service with these phone services. The success of any of these ongoing and future developments may have an adverse effect
on our cable communications’ competitive position, business and results of operations. 

New technologies also are affecting
consumer behavior in ways that affect how content is viewed, which may have a negative impact on NBCUniversal’s business and results of operations. For example, the increased availability of video on demand services, DVRs and video programming
on the Internet (including high-quality original video programming that may be viewed only through Internet streaming services), as well as increased access to various media through wireless devices, have the potential to reduce the viewing of our
content through traditional distribution outlets, which could adversely affect the price and amount of advertising that advertisers are willing to purchase from us, the amount multichannel video providers are willing to pay for our content and the
levels of DVD and theatrical sales. Some of these new technologies also give consumers greater flexibility to watch programming on a time-delayed or on-demand basis or to fast-forward or skip advertisements within our programming, which also may
adversely impact the advertising revenue we receive. Delayed viewing and advertising skipping have the potential to become more common as the penetration of DVRs increases and content becomes increasingly available via video on demand services and
Internet sources. These and other changes in technology, distribution platforms and consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses and results of operations. 

Programming expenses for our video services are increasing, which could adversely affect our future results of operations. 

We expect programming expenses for our video services to continue to be our Cable Communications segment’s largest single expense item in the
foreseeable future. The multichannel video provider industry has continued to experience an increase in the cost of programming, especially sports programming. In addition, as we add programming to our video services or distribute existing
programming to more of our customers and through additional delivery platforms, we incur increased programming expenses. We have recently begun paying certain local television stations in exchange for their required consent for the retransmission of
broadcast programming to our video services customers and expect to continue to be subject to increasing demands for direct monetary compensation and other concessions from local television stations. If we are unable to raise our customers’
rates or offset such programming cost increases through the sale of additional services, the increasing cost of programming could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Moreover, as our contracts with content providers expire,
there can be no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms or that they will be renewed at all, in which case we may be unable to provide such content as part of our video services and our business and results of operations could be
adversely affected. 

We are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities, which may impose additional costs
and restrictions on our businesses. 

Federal, state and local governments extensively regulate the video services industry and may
increase the regulation of the Internet service and VoIP phone service industries. We expect that legislative enactments, court actions and regulatory proceedings will continue to clarify, and in some cases may adversely affect, the rights and
obligations of cable operators and other entities under the Communications Act and other laws. Our broadcast television business also is highly regulated by federal laws and regulations, and our cable networks, filmed entertainment and theme parks
businesses are subject to various other laws and regulations at the international, federal, state and local levels, including laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, that have become more stringent over time, and the safety of
consumer products and theme park operations. In addition, as a result of the NBCUniversal transaction, we are subject to the NBCUniversal 

Comcast 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K

30

Table of Contents

Order and the NBCUniversal Consent Decree, which have imposed numerous conditions on our businesses relating to the treatment of competitors and other matters. Failure to comply with the laws and
regulations applicable to our businesses could result in administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability. Legislators and regulators at all levels of government frequently consider changing, and sometimes do change,
existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or prescribe new ones, which may significantly affect our businesses. Any future legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose
additional restrictions on our businesses, which could materially affect our results of operations. For a more detailed discussion of the risks associated with the regulation of all of our businesses, see “Business – Legislation and
Regulation” above. 

Weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Weak economic conditions in the United States and internationally, including a weak U.S. housing market, persisted during
2011. A substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. A continued or further decline in economic conditions, or an increase in price levels generally due to
inflationary pressures, could adversely affect demand for any of our products and services and have a negative impact on our results of operations. For example, customers may reduce the level of cable services to which they subscribe, or may
discontinue subscribing to one or more of our cable services. This risk may be increased by the expanded availability of free or lower cost competitive services, such as video streaming over the Internet, or substitute services, such as wireless
Internet devices and smartphones. The weak economy negatively affected video services during 2011. Weak economic conditions also may have a negative impact on the advertising revenue of our cable communications, cable networks and broadcast
television businesses. Weak economic conditions could also reduce prices that multichannel video providers pay for our cable networks’ programming and have reduced and could continue to reduce the performance of our theatrical and home
entertainment releases in our filmed entertainment business and attendance and spending for our theme parks business. Weak economic conditions and turmoil in the global financial markets may also impair the ability of third parties to satisfy their
obligations to us. Further, any disruption in the global financial markets may affect our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms. If these weak economic conditions continue or deteriorate, our business, results of operations and financial
condition may be adversely affected. 

A decline in advertising expenditures or changes in advertising markets could negatively impact
our results of operations. 

Our cable communications, cable networks and broadcast television businesses derive substantial revenue
from the sale of advertising on a variety of platforms, and a decline in advertising expenditures could negatively impact our results of operations. Declines can be caused by the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries, by increased
competition for the leisure time of audiences and audience fragmentation, by the growing use of new technologies, or by the economy in general, any of which may cause advertisers to alter their spending priorities based on these or other factors. In
addition, advertisers’ willingness to purchase advertising may be adversely affected by lower audience ratings for our television programming. Changes in the advertising industry also could adversely affect the advertising revenue of our cable
and broadcast networks. For example, we rely on Nielsen ratings and Nielsen’s audience measurement techniques to measure the popularity of our content. A change in such measurement techniques or the introduction of new techniques could
negatively impact the advertising revenue we generate. Further, natural disasters, wars, acts of terrorism or other significant adverse news events could lead to a reduction in advertising expenditures as a result of uninterrupted news coverage and
general economic uncertainty. Reductions in advertising expenditures could negatively impact our results of operations. 

31

Comcast 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

NBCUniversal’s success depends on consumer acceptance of its content, which is difficult to
predict, and our results of operations may be adversely affected if our content fails to achieve sufficient consumer acceptance or our costs to acquire content increase. 

Most of NBCUniversal’s businesses create and acquire media and entertainment content, the success of which depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. The
success of these businesses depends on our ability to consistently create, acquire, market and distribute television programming, filmed entertainment, theme park attractions and other content that meet the changing preferences of the broad domestic
and international consumer market. We have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in our content, including in the production of original content on our cable and broadcast networks and for theme park attractions, before learning
the extent to which it would earn consumer acceptance. In addition, poor theatrical performance of a film may require us to reduce our estimate of revenue from that film, which would accelerate the amortization of capitalized film costs and could
result in a significant impairment charge. We also obtain a significant portion of our content from third parties, such as movie studios, television production companies, sports organizations and other suppliers. Competition for popular content,
particularly for sports programming, is intense, and we may be forced to increase the price we are willing to pay or be outbid by our competitors for popular content. Entering into or renewing contracts for such programming rights or acquiring
additional rights may result in significantly increased costs. Moreover, particularly with respect to long-term contracts for sports programming rights, our results of operations and cash flows over the term of a contract depend on a number of
factors, including the strength of the advertising market, our audience size and the timing and amount of our rights payments, and there can be no assurance that revenue from these contracts will exceed our cost for the rights, as well as the other
costs of producing and distributing the programming. If our content does not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, or if we cannot obtain or retain rights to popular content on acceptable terms, or at all, our results of operations may be
adversely affected. 

The loss of our programming distribution agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms,
could adversely affect our businesses and results of operations. 

Our cable networks depend on the maintenance of distribution
agreements with multichannel video providers. Our broadcast networks depend on the maintenance of network affiliation agreements with third-party local television stations in the markets where we do not own the affiliated local television stations.
In addition, every three years, each of our owned local television stations must elect, with respect to its retransmission by multichannel video providers within its DMA, either “must-carry” status, pursuant to which the distributor’s
carriage of the station is mandatory and does not generate any compensation for the local station, or “retransmission consent,” pursuant to which the station gives up its right to mandatory carriage and instead seeks to negotiate the terms
and conditions of carriage with the distributor, including the amount of compensation (if any) paid to the station by such distributor. In the course of renewing distribution agreements with multichannel video providers, we may enter into
retransmission consent agreements on behalf of our owned local television stations. All of our NBC and Telemundo owned local television stations have elected retransmission consent for the period January 1, 2012 through December 31, 2014.
Increasingly, our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses also have entered into agreements to license their prior season and library content on other distribution platforms. There can be no assurance that any of
these agreements will be renewed in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. The loss of any of these agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could reduce the reach of our television programming and its
attractiveness to advertisers, which in turn could adversely affect our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses and results of operations. 

Our business depends on keeping pace with technological developments. 

Our success is, to a
large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and the use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide our competitors

Comcast 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K

32

Table of Contents

with a competitive advantage. For example, while we are beginning to employ IP technology in certain of our services, some phone companies have been using IP technology to provide video services
in substantial portions of their service areas, and wireless Internet technologies continue to evolve rapidly. We expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. If we choose technology or equipment that is not as
effective, cost-efficient or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our
business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Moreover, changes in the products and services that our competitors offer may require that we offer certain of our existing services or enhancements at a lower or no cost to our
customers or that we make additional research and development expenditures, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. 

We rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our
vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our operations and sell our products and services. Legal challenges to our intellectual property rights and claims of intellectual property infringement by third parties could
require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question or from the continuation of
our businesses as currently conducted, which could require us to change our business practices or limit our ability to compete effectively and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Even if we believe any such challenges or
claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management’s attention and resources away from our businesses. Moreover, if we are unable to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from our vendors and other
third parties on reasonable terms, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

In addition, intellectual
property constitutes a significant part of the value of NBCUniversal’s businesses, and our success is highly dependent on protecting intellectual property rights in the content we create or acquire against third-party misappropriation,
reproduction or infringement. The unauthorized reproduction, distribution or display of copyrighted material negatively affects our ability to generate revenue from the legitimate sale of our content, as well as from the sale of advertising on our
content, and increases our costs due to our active enforcement of protecting our intellectual property rights. Piracy and other unauthorized uses of content are made easier, and the enforcement of intellectual property rights more challenging, by
technological advances allowing the conversion of programming, films and other content into digital formats, which facilitates the creation, transmission and sharing of high-quality unauthorized copies. In particular, piracy of programming and films
through unauthorized distribution on DVDs, peer-to-peer computer networks and other platforms continues to present challenges for our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses. While piracy is a challenge in the United
States, it is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack developed copyright laws, effective enforcement of copyright laws and technical protective measures like those in effect in the United States. Any repeal or weakening of laws
or enforcement in the United States or internationally that is intended to combat piracy and protect intellectual property rights, or a failure of the legal system to adapt to new technologies, could make it more difficult for us to adequately
protect our intellectual property rights, negatively impacting their value or increasing the costs of enforcing our rights. See “Business – Legislation and Regulation – Other Areas of Regulation – Intellectual Property”
above for additional information. 

Sales of DVDs have been declining. 

Several factors, including weak economic conditions, the maturation of the standard-definition DVD format, piracy and intense competition for
consumer discretionary spending and leisure time, are contributing to an 

33

Comcast 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

industry-wide decline in DVD sales both in the United States and internationally, which has had an adverse effect on our filmed entertainment business’ results of operations. DVD sales have
also been adversely affected by an increasing shift by consumers toward subscription rental, discount rental kiosks and digital forms of entertainment, such as video on demand services, which generate less revenue per transaction than DVD sales. A
continued decline in our DVD sales volumes could have an adverse impact on our filmed entertainment business, as well as on our cable networks and broadcast television businesses. 

We rely on network and information systems and other technologies, as well as key properties, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure or
destruction of such networks, systems, technologies or properties may disrupt our business. 

Network and information systems and
other technologies, including those related to our network management, customer service operations and programming delivery, are critical to our business activities. Network and information systems-related events, such as computer hackings, cyber
attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, or power outages, natural
disasters, terrorist attacks or other similar events, could result in a degradation or disruption of our services, excessive call volume to call centers or damage to our properties, equipment and data. These events also could result in large
expenditures to repair or replace the damaged properties, networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future. Further, any security breaches, such as misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental
release or loss of information maintained in our information technology systems and networks, including customer, personnel and vendor data, could damage our reputation and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any
such security breach. Moreover, the amount and scope of insurance we maintain against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches may not be sufficient to cover our losses or otherwise adequately compensate us for any disruptions to
our businesses that may result, and the occurrence of any such events or security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The risk of these systems-related events and security breaches occurring
has intensified, in part because we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our businesses in digital form stored on cloud servers. While we develop and maintain systems seeking to prevent systems-related events and security breaches from
occurring, the development and maintenance of these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Despite these efforts, there can be no
assurance that these events and security breaches will not occur in the future. Moreover, we may provide certain confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties in connection with our businesses, and while we obtain assurances
that these third parties will protect this information, there is a risk that this information may be compromised. 

We may be unable
to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support. 

We depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant
amount of the hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide certain of our services. Some of these vendors represent our primary source of supply or grant us the right to incorporate their intellectual property into some of our
hardware and software products. While we actively monitor the operations and financial condition of key vendors in an attempt to detect any potential difficulties, there can be no assurance that we would timely identify any operating or financial
difficulties associated with these vendors or that we could effectively mitigate our risks with respect to any such difficulties. If any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties or if demand exceeds their capacity or they
otherwise cannot meet our specifications, our ability to provide some services may be materially adversely affected, in which case our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Comcast 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K

34

Table of Contents

Labor disputes, whether involving employees or sports organizations, may disrupt our operations and
adversely affect our business. 

Many of NBCUniversal’s employees, including writers, directors, actors, technical and production
personnel and others, as well as some of our on-air and creative talent and cable communications’ employees, are covered by collective bargaining agreements or works councils. If we are unable to reach agreement with a labor union before the
expiration of a collective bargaining agreement, our employees who were covered by that agreement may have a right to strike or take other actions that could adversely affect us. Moreover, many of NBCUniversal’s collective bargaining agreements
are industry-wide agreements, and we may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of the agreements. A labor dispute involving our employees may result in work stoppages or disrupt our operations and reduce our revenue, and resolution
of disputes may increase our costs. There can be no assurance that we will renew our collective bargaining agreements as they expire or that we can renew them on favorable terms or without any work stoppages. 

In addition, our cable and broadcast networks have programming rights agreements of varying scope and duration with various sports organizations to
broadcast and produce sporting events, including certain NFL, NHL, NBA and MLB games. Labor disputes in these and other sports organizations could have an adverse impact on our businesses, cash flows and results of operations. 

We face risks arising from the outcome of various litigation matters. 

We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims, including those referred to in “Legal Proceedings” and those arising in the
ordinary course of business, including regulatory and administrative proceedings, claims and audits. While we do not expect the final disposition of any of these litigation matters will have a material effect on our financial condition, an adverse
outcome in one or more of these matters could be material to our consolidated results of operations and cash flows for any one period, and any litigation resulting from any such legal proceedings could be time-consuming, costly and injure our
reputation. Further, no assurance can be given that any adverse outcome would not be material to our financial condition.

Acquisitions and other strategic transactions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that were
contemplated at the time of any transaction. 

From time to time we make acquisitions and investments and enter into other strategic
transactions. In 2011, in addition to the NBCUniversal transaction, we entered into agency agreements with Verizon Wireless providing, among other things, for Verizon Wireless’ sale of our cable services and our sale of Verizon Wireless’
products and services. We also formed an innovation joint venture with Verizon Wireless and two other cable operators to develop technology to better integrate wireline and wireless products and services. In connection with these and other
acquisitions and strategic transactions, we may incur unanticipated expenses, fail to realize anticipated benefits, have difficulty incorporating the acquired businesses, disrupt relationships with current and new employees, customers and vendors,
incur significant indebtedness, or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions. The occurrence of any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial
condition. 

The loss of key management personnel or popular on-air and creative talent could have an adverse effect on our
businesses. 

We rely on certain key management personnel in the operation of our businesses. While we maintain long-term and
emergency transition plans for key management personnel and believe we could either identify internal candidates or attract outside candidates to fill any vacancy created by the loss of any key management personnel, the loss of one or more of our
key management personnel could have a negative impact on our business. In addition, our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses depend on the abilities and expertise of our on-air and creative talent. If we fail
to retain our on-air or creative talent, if the costs to retain such talent increase materially, if we need to make significant termination payments, or if these individuals lose their current appeal, our business could be adversely affected.

35

Comcast 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

We face risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect our
businesses.

Our operation of businesses worldwide increased substantially as a result of the NBCUniversal transaction. There are
risks inherent in doing business internationally, including the current European debt crisis and other global financial market turmoil, economic volatility and the global economic slowdown, currency exchange rate fluctuations and inflationary
pressures, the requirements of local laws and customs relating to the publication and distribution of content and the display and sale of advertising, import or export restrictions and changes in trade regulations, difficulties in developing,
staffing and managing foreign operations, issues related to occupational safety and adherence to diverse local labor laws and regulations and potentially adverse tax developments. In addition, doing business internationally is subject to risks
relating to political or social unrest, corruption and government regulation, including U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act that impose stringent requirements on how we conduct our foreign operations. If these risks come to pass, our
businesses may be adversely affected. 

Our Class B common stock has substantial voting rights and separate approval rights over
several potentially material transactions, and our Chairman and CEO has considerable influence over our company through his beneficial ownership of our Class B common stock.

Our Class B common stock has a nondilutable
33 1

/
3
% of the combined voting power of our Class A and
Class B common stock. This nondilutable voting power is subject to proportional decrease to the extent the number of shares of Class B common stock is reduced below 9,444,375, which was the number of shares of Class B common stock outstanding
on the date of our 2002 acquisition of AT&T Corp.’s cable business, subject to adjustment in specified situations. Stock dividends payable on the Class B common stock in the form of Class B or Class A Special common stock do not
decrease the nondilutable voting power of the Class B common stock. The Class B common stock also has separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, even if they are approved by our Board of Directors or by our other
shareholders and even if they might be in the best interests of our other shareholders. These potentially material transactions include mergers or consolidations involving Comcast Corporation, transactions (such as a sale of all or
substantially all of our assets) or issuances of securities that require shareholder approval, transactions that result in any person or group owning shares representing more than 10% of the combined voting power of the
resulting or surviving corporation, issuances of Class B common stock or securities exercisable or convertible into Class B common stock, and amendments to our articles of incorporation or by-laws that would limit the rights of
holders of our Class B common stock. Brian L. Roberts, our Chairman and CEO, beneficially owns all of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock and, accordingly, has considerable influence over our company and the ability (subject
to certain restrictions through November 17, 2012) to transfer potential effective control by selling the Class B common stock. 

Comcast 2011 Annual Report on Form 10-K

36

Table of Contents