” under Item 1A and in other reports we file
with the SEC. Actual events or our actual results may differ materially from any of our forward-looking statements.

Additionally, we operate in a
highly competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environment. The environment is affected by government regulation; economic, strategic, political and social conditions; consumer response to new and existing products and services;
technological developments; and, particularly in view of new technologies, the ability to develop and protect intellectual property rights. Our actual results could differ materially from management’s expectations because of changes in such
factors. Other factors and risks could adversely affect our operations, business or financial results of our businesses in the future and could also cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking
statements. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements. 

 

All of the services offered by our cable systems face a wide range of competition that could adversely
affect our future results of operations. 

We operate in an intensely competitive industry. Our cable systems compete with a number of different
sources that provide news, information and entertainment programming to consumers. We compete directly with other programming distributors, including DBS companies, phone companies, companies that build competing cable systems in the same
communities we serve and companies that offer programming and other communications services to our customers and potential customers, including high-speed Internet and voice service providers. Our business and results of operations could be
adversely affected if we do not compete effectively.

We may face increased competition because of technological advances and new regulatory
requirements, which could adversely affect our future results of operations. 

In addition to marketing DBS services in certain areas, local phone
companies have built and are continuing to build wireline, fiber-optic-based networks and, in some cases, are using IP technology to provide video services in substantial portions of their service areas. Local phone companies and various other
companies also offer DSL and other Internet services. We expect other advances in communications technology, as well as changes in the marketplace, to occur in the future. If we choose technology that is not as 

13

Comcast 2008 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

effective, cost-efficient or attractive to customers as that employed by our competitors, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Further, new technologies and services have been developed, such as video streaming over the Internet, and may continue to be developed that compete
with services that our cable systems offer, and such services may not be regulated in the same manner or to the same extent as our services. The success of these ongoing and future developments could have an adverse effect on our business and
results of operations. Moreover, in recent years, Congress and various states have enacted legislation and the FCC has adopted regulatory policies that have had the effect of providing a more favorable operating environment for some of our existing
and potential new competitors.

Programming expenses are increasing, which could adversely affect our future results of operations. 

We expect our programming expenses to continue to be our largest single expense item in the foreseeable future. The MVPD industry has continued to experience an
increase in the cost of programming, especially sports programming. In addition, as we add programming to our video services or distribute existing programming to more of our customers, we face increased programming expenses. If we are unable to
raise our customers’ rates or offset such programming cost increases through the sale of additional services, the increasing cost of programming could have an adverse impact on our results of operations.

We also expect to be subject to increasing demands, including demands for cash payments and other concessions, by broadcasters in exchange for their required
consent for the retransmission of broadcast programming to our customers. We cannot predict the magnitude of these demands or the effect on our business and operations should we concede to certain of these demands or fail to obtain the required
consents.

We are subject to regulation by federal, state and local governments, which may impose additional costs and restrictions.

Federal, state and local governments extensively regulate the video services industry and may increase the regulation of the Internet service and
digital phone service industries. We expect that legislative enactments, court actions and regulatory proceedings will continue to clarify and in some cases adversely affect the rights and obligations of cable operators and other entities under the
Communications Act and other laws. Congress considers new legislative requirements potentially affecting our businesses virtually every year. The results of these legislative, judicial and administrative actions may materially affect our business
operations. 

In addition, local authorities grant us franchises that permit us to operate our cable systems. We have to renew or renegotiate these

franchises from time to time. Local franchising authorities often demand concessions or other commitments as a condition of renewal or transfer, and these concessions
or other commitments could be costly to us. In addition, we could be materially disadvantaged if we remain subject to legal constraints that do not apply equally to our competitors, such as if local phone companies that provide video programming
services are not subject to the local franchising requirements and other requirements that apply to us. For example, the FCC has adopted rules and several states have enacted legislation to ease the franchising process and reduce franchising burdens
for new entrants. See “Legislation and Regulation” in Item 1 and refer to the “Franchising” discussion within that section. 

We also face other risks related to federal, state and local regulations. For example, Congress and the FCC are also considering various forms of “net neutrality” regulation. See
“Legislation and Regulation” in Item 1 and refer to the “High-Speed Internet Services” discussion within that section. For a more detailed discussion of the risks associated with our regulation
by federal, state and local governments, see “
Legislation and Regulation” in Item 1. 

Weakening economic
conditions may have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

During 2008, the global financial markets were in
turmoil, and the equity and credit markets experienced extreme volatility, which caused already weak economic conditions to worsen. A substantial portion of our revenue comes from residential customers whose spending patterns may be affected by
prevailing economic conditions. To the extent these conditions continue, customers may reduce the advanced or premium services to which they subscribe, or may discontinue subscribing to one or more of our cable services. This risk may be worsened by
the expanded availability of free or lower cost competitive services, such as video streaming over the Internet, or substitute services, such as wireless phones. The weakening economy affected our net customer additions during 2008 and also had a
negative impact on the advertising revenue of our Cable segment. If these economic conditions continue to deteriorate, the growth of our business and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

Further, because of the turmoil in the global financial markets, some financial and other institutions have experienced, and continue to experience, significant
financial distress. Although we have attempted to be prudent in our investment strategy, it is not possible to predict how the financial market turmoil and the deteriorating economic conditions may affect our financial position. Additional financial
institution failures could reduce amounts available under committed credit facilities, could cause losses to the extent cash amounts or the value of securities exceed government deposit insurance limits and could restrict our access to the public
equity and debt markets. 

Comcast 2008 Annual Report on Form 10-K

14

Table of Contents

We rely on network and information systems and other technology, and a disruption or failure of such networks, systems or technology may disrupt our business. 

Network and information systems and other technologies are critical to our business activities. Network and information systems-related events,
such as computer hackings, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, or power
outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks or other similar events, could result in a degradation or disruption of our cable services, excessive call volume to call centers or damage to our equipment and data. These network and information
systems-related events also could result in large expenditures to repair or replace the damaged networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future. Further, any security breaches, such as misappropriation, misuse,
leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information maintained in our information technology systems and networks, including customer, personnel and vendor data, could damage our reputation and require us to expend significant
capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach. The occurrence of any such network or information system-related events or security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

We may be unable to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support. 

We depend on third party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide certain of our services. Moreover, some of these vendors
represent our primary source of supply or grant us the right to incorporate their intellectual property into some of our hardware and software products. While we actively monitor the operations and financial condition of key vendors in an attempt to
detect any potential difficulties, there can be no assurance that we would timely identify any operating or financial difficulties associated with these vendors or that we could effectively mitigate our risks with respect to any such
difficulties. If any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties or if demand exceeds their capacity or they cannot otherwise meet our specifications, our ability to provide some services may be materially adversely
affected, in which case, our business, results of operation and financial position may be adversely affected. 

Our business depends on certain
intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. 

We rely on our patents, copyrights, trademarks and
trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other parties, to use our technologies, conduct our operations and sell our products and services. Legal challenges to our intellectual property rights and claims of
intellectual property infringement by third parties could require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary 

liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question or from the continuation of our businesses as currently
conducted, which could require us to change our business practices or limit our ability to compete effectively or could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Even if we believe any such claims are without merit, they can be
time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management’s attention and resources away from our business. Moreover, because of the rapid pace of technological change, we rely on technologies developed or licensed by third parties, and if we
are unable to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from these third parties on reasonable terms, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We face risks arising from the outcome of various litigation matters. 

We are subject to various legal proceedings and
claims, including those described under the caption “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3 and those arising in the ordinary course of business, including regulatory and administrative proceedings, claims and audits. While
we do not expect the final disposition of any of these litigation matters will have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, an adverse outcome in one or more of these matters could be material to our consolidated results of
operations and cash flows for any one period, and any litigation resulting from any such legal proceedings could be time consuming, costly and injure our reputation. Further, no assurance can be given that any adverse outcome would not be material
to our financial position. 

Acquisitions and other strategic transactions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic
goals that were contemplated at the time of any transaction. 

From time to time we make acquisitions and investments and enter into other
strategic transactions. In connection with acquisitions and other strategic transactions, we may incur unanticipated expenses; fail to realize anticipated benefits; have difficulty incorporating the acquired businesses; disrupt relationships with
current and new employees, customers and vendors; incur significant indebtedness; or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and
financial position.

Our Class B common stock has substantial voting rights and separate approval rights over several potentially material
transactions, and our Chairman and CEO has considerable influence over our operations through his beneficial ownership of our Class B common stock.

Our Class B common stock has a nondilutable 33 1

/
3
% of the combined voting power of our common stock. This nondilutable voting power is subject to proportional decrease to the extent the number of shares of Class B common
stock is reduced below 9,444,375, which was the number of shares of Class B common 

15

Comcast 2008 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

stock outstanding on the date of our 2002 acquisition of AT&T Corp.’s cable business, subject to adjustment in specified situations. Stock dividends payable
on the Class B common stock in 

the form of Class B or Class A Special common stock do not decrease the nondilutable voting power
of the Class B common stock. The Class B common stock also has separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, even if they are approved by our Board of Directors or by our other stockholders and even if they might be
in the best interests of our other stockholders. These potentially material transactions include: mergers or consolidations involving Comcast Corporation, transactions (such as a sale of all or substantially all of our assets) or issuances
of securities that require shareholder approval, transactions that result in any person or group owning shares representing more than 10% of the combined voting power of the resulting or surviving corporation, issuances of
Class B common stock or securities exercisable or convertible into Class B common stock, and amendments to our articles of incorporation or by-laws that would limit the rights of holders of our Class B common stock. 

Brian L. Roberts beneficially owns all of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock and, accordingly, has considerable influence over our
operations and the ability (subject to certain restrictions through November 17, 2012) to transfer potential effective control by selling the Class B common stock. In addition, under our articles of incorporation,
Mr. Roberts is entitled to remain as our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President until May 26, 2010, unless he is removed by the affirmative vote of at least 75% of the entire Board of Directors or he is no longer willing or able
to serve.