Our cable services currently face a wide range of competition that could adversely affect our future results of operations. 

We operate in intensely competitive industries. We compete with a number of companies that provide a broad range of news and entertainment programming
and information and communication services to consumers. While competition for the cable services we offer consists primarily of DBS operators and phone companies, we also directly compete against other providers of cable services, including
companies that build competing cable systems in the same communities that we serve, satellite master antenna television systems and other companies that offer programming and other communications services, including high-speed Internet and phone
services, to our customers and potential customers. In 2009, phone companies continued to expand their service areas, which now overlap a substantial portion of our service areas, and our primary competitors continued to add features and adopt
aggressive pricing and packaging for services that are comparable to the services we offer. Moreover, in recent years, Congress and various states have enacted legislation and the FCC has adopted

13

Comcast 2009 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

regulatory policies that have had the effect of providing a more favorable operating environment for some of our existing and potential new competitors. See “Legislation and Regulation”
in Item 1 for additional information. In addition, while we continue to seek ways to enhance and expand our existing products and services, such as by employing addressable advertising and offering commercial services, there can be no assurance
that we can execute on these enhancements or expansions in a manner sufficient to compete successfully in the future. Also, our ability to compete effectively is in part dependent upon our perceived image and reputation among our various
constituencies, including our customers, investors and governmental authorities. Our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively.

Technological advances have increased and will likely continue to increase competition for our cable services, which could adversely affect our future results of operations. 

We operate in a technologically complex environment where the use of certain types of technology may provide our competitors with a competitive
advantage. For example, cable operators may employ different technologies in their efforts to recapture bandwidth to allow for more HDTV programming and On Demand services, faster Internet speeds and other services for customers. Also, in some
cases, phone companies are using IP technology to provide video services in substantial portions of their service areas. We expect other advances in communications technology, as well as changes in the marketplace, to occur in the future. If we
choose technology that is not as effective, cost-efficient or attractive to customers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by our customers before our competitors do so or if we fail to execute effectively
on our technology initiatives, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Moreover, new technologies have
been, and will likely continue to be, developed that further increase the number of competitors we face for our video, high-speed Internet and phone services and our advertising business. For example, new services and technologies that may compete
with our video services include online services that offer Internet video streaming, downloading and distribution of movies, television shows and other video programming, and wireless and other emerging mobile technologies that provide for the
distribution and viewing of video programming. Newer services in wireless Internet technology, such as third and fourth generation wireless broadband services, may compete with our high-speed Internet services, and our phone services are facing
increased competition from wireless phone services as more people choose to replace their traditional wireline phone service with wireless phone service. Moreover, some of our phone company competitors have their own wireless facilities, which we do
not have, and have expanded or may expand their cable service bundle offerings to include wireless offerings, which may adversely affect our growth, business and results of operations. The success of

any of these ongoing and future developments could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

Programming expenses are increasing, which could adversely affect our future results of operations. 

We expect our programming expenses to continue to be our largest single expense item in the foreseeable future. The multichannel video programming distribution industry has continued to experience an increase in the cost of programming,
especially sports programming. In addition, as we add programming to our video services or distribute existing programming to more of our customers, we incur increased programming expenses. If we are unable to raise our customers’ rates or
offset such programming cost increases through the sale of additional services, the increasing cost of programming could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Moreover, as our programming contracts with programming providers
expire, there can be no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms or that they will be renewed at all, in which case we may be unable to provide such programming as part of our video services and our business and results of operations
may be adversely affected. 

We also expect to be subject to increasing demands, including demands for cash payments and other
concessions, by broadcasters in exchange for their required consent for the retransmission of broadcast programming to our customers. We cannot predict the magnitude of these demands or the effect on our business and operations should we concede to
certain of these demands or fail to obtain the required consents.

We are subject to regulation by federal, state and local
governments, which may impose additional costs and restrictions. 

Federal, state and local governments extensively regulate the video
services industry and may increase the regulation of the Internet service and VoIP digital phone service industries. We expect that legislative enactments, court actions and regulatory proceedings will continue to clarify, and in some cases
adversely affect, the rights and obligations of cable operators and other entities under the Communications Act and other laws. Congress is constantly considering new legislative requirements potentially affecting our businesses. The results of
these legislative, judicial and administrative actions may materially affect our business and results of operations. 

In addition, local
franchising authorities grant us franchises that permit us to operate our cable systems. We have to renew or renegotiate these franchises from time to time. Local franchising authorities often demand concessions or other commitments as a condition
of renewal or transfer, and these concessions or other commitments could be costly to us. In addition, we could be materially disadvantaged if we remain subject to legal constraints that do not apply equally to our competitors, such as if phone
companies that provide video services are not subject to the local franchising requirements and other requirements that apply to us.

Comcast 2009 Annual Report on Form 10-K

14

Table of Contents

For example, the FCC has adopted rules and several states have enacted legislation to ease the franchising process and reduce franchising burdens for new entrants. See “Legislation and
Regulation” in Item 1 and refer to the “Franchising” discussion within that section. 

We also face other risks
related to federal, state and local regulations. For example, Congress and the FCC are also considering various forms of “net neutrality” regulation. See “Legislation and Regulation” in Item 1 and refer to the
“High-Speed Internet Services” discussion within that section. For a more detailed discussion of the risks associated with our regulation by federal, state and local governments, see “Legislation and Regulation” in
Item 1. 

Weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition.

Weak economic conditions persisted during 2009, and a substantial portion of our revenue comes from residential customers whose
spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. To the extent these weak economic conditions continue, customers may reduce the advanced or premium services to which they subscribe, or may discontinue subscribing to one or more
of our cable services. This risk may be worsened by the expanded availability of free or lower cost competitive services, such as video streaming over the Internet, or substitute services, such as wireless phones. The weak economy negatively
affected our net customer additions during 2009 and also had a negative impact on the advertising revenue of our Cable and Programming segments. If these weak economic conditions continue or deteriorate, our business, results of operations and
financial condition may be adversely affected. 

We rely on network and information systems and other technology, and a disruption or
failure of such networks, systems or technology may disrupt our business. 

Network and information systems and other technologies,
including those related to our network management and customer service operations, are critical to our business activities. Network and information systems-related events, such as computer hackings, computer viruses, worms or other destructive
or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, or power outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks or other similar events,
could result in a degradation or disruption of our cable services, excessive call volume to call centers or damage to our equipment and data. These network and information systems-related events also could result in large expenditures to repair or
replace the damaged networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future. Further, any security breaches, such as misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information
maintained in our information technology systems and networks, including customer, personnel and vendor data, could damage our reputation and require us to expend significant capital

and other resources to remedy any such security breach. The occurrence of any such network or information systems-related events or security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our
business and results of operations.

We may be unable to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support. 

We depend on third party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide
certain of our services. Moreover, some of these vendors represent our primary source of supply or grant us the right to incorporate their intellectual property into some of our hardware and software products. While we actively monitor the
operations and financial condition of key vendors in an attempt to detect any potential difficulties, there can be no assurance that we would timely identify any operating or financial difficulties associated with these vendors or that we could
effectively mitigate our risks with respect to any such difficulties. If any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties or if demand exceeds their capacity or they otherwise cannot meet our specifications, our ability to
provide some services may be materially adversely affected, in which case, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Our business depends on certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. 

We rely on our patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other parties, to use our technologies, conduct our operations and sell our products
and services. Legal challenges to our intellectual property rights and claims of intellectual property infringement by third parties could require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary
liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question or from the continuation of our businesses as currently conducted, which could require us to change our business practices or limit our
ability to compete effectively or could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Even if we believe any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management’s attention
and resources away from our business. Moreover, because of the rapid pace of technological change, we rely on technologies developed or licensed by third parties, and if we are unable to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from these third parties
on reasonable terms, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

We face risks arising from the outcome of
various litigation matters. 

We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims, including those referred to in “Legal
Proceedings” in Item 3 and those arising in the ordinary course of business, including regulatory and administrative proceedings, claims and audits. While we do not expect the final disposition of any of these litigation matters will

15

Comcast 2009 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

have a material effect on our financial condition, an adverse outcome in one or more of these matters could be material to our consolidated results of operations and cash flows for any one
period, and any litigation resulting from any such legal proceedings could be time-consuming, costly and injure our reputation. Further, no assurance can be given that any adverse outcome would not be material to our financial condition.

Acquisitions and other strategic transactions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that were
contemplated at the time of any transaction. 

From time to time we make acquisitions and investments and enter into other strategic
transactions. In connection with acquisitions and other strategic transactions, we may incur unanticipated expenses, fail to realize anticipated benefits, have difficulty incorporating the acquired businesses, disrupt relationships with current and
new employees, customers and vendors, incur significant indebtedness, or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions. The occurrence of any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

In addition, in connection with our proposed NBC Universal transaction with GE, we
cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to obtain necessary regulatory and governmental approvals to consummate the transaction on acceptable terms or predict whether any conditions that may be imposed on our businesses in permitting the
transaction to occur would have an adverse effect on our businesses. Further, we cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to complete a committed financing of NBC Universal on currently contemplated terms, including that the new company
will receive an investment grade credit rating from the debt rating agencies. Moreover, assuming the NBC Universal transaction is consummated, there can be no assurance that we can successfully integrate our programming assets with those of NBC
Universal, create popular programming, develop new digital products and services or succeed in the highly competitive media industry. 

Also, as noted in more detail in Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” we are required to pay to GE at the closing of this transaction $7.1 billion in cash, less
certain adjustments primarily based on the free cash flow generated by NBC Universal between December 4, 2009 and the closing, and we have committed to fund up to $2.875 billion in cash or common stock for each of two potential redemptions by
GE (for an aggregate of up to $5.75 billion, with amounts not used for the first redemption to be available for the second redemption) to the extent the new company cannot fund the redemptions. There can be no assurance that the new company will be
able to generate strong cash flows or attractive financial returns. 

 The loss of key management personnel could have a negative impact on our business.

We rely on certain key management personnel in the operation of our businesses. While we maintain long-term and emergency transition plans for
key management personnel and believe we could either identify internal candidates or attract outside candidates to fill any vacancy created by the loss of any key management personnel, the loss of one or more of our key management personnel could
have a negative impact on our business.

Our Class B common stock has substantial voting rights and separate approval rights over
several potentially material transactions, and our Chairman and CEO has considerable influence over our operations through his beneficial ownership of our Class B common stock.

Our Class B common stock has a nondilutable 33
 1

/
3

% of the combined voting power of our Class A and Class B common stock. This nondilutable voting power is subject to
proportional decrease to the extent the number of shares of Class B common stock is reduced below 9,444,375, which was the number of shares of Class B common stock outstanding on the date of our 2002 acquisition of AT&T Corp.’s cable
business, subject to adjustment in specified situations. Stock dividends payable on the Class B common stock in the form of Class B or Class A Special common stock do not decrease the nondilutable voting power of the Class B common
stock. The Class B common stock also has separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, even if they are approved by our Board of Directors or by our other stockholders and even if they might be in the best interests of our
other stockholders. These potentially material transactions include mergers or consolidations involving Comcast Corporation, transactions (such as a sale of all or substantially all of our assets) or issuances of securities that
require shareholder approval, transactions that result in any person or group owning shares representing more than 10% of the combined voting power of the resulting or surviving corporation, issuances of Class B common stock
or securities exercisable or convertible into Class B common stock, and amendments to our articles of incorporation or by-laws that would limit the rights of holders of our Class B common stock. 

Brian L. Roberts beneficially owns all of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock and, accordingly, has considerable influence
over our operations and the ability (subject to certain restrictions through November 17, 2012) to transfer potential effective control by selling the Class B common stock. In addition, under our articles of incorporation,
Mr. Roberts is entitled to remain as our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President until May 26, 2010, unless he is removed by the affirmative vote of at least 75% of the entire Board of Directors or he is no longer willing or able
to serve. 

Comcast 2009 Annual Report on Form 10-K

16

Table of Contents