Our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely
affected if we do not compete effectively. 

All of our businesses operate in competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing
environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services and entertainment, news and information content to consumers. There also continue to be new entrants with significant
financial resources that potentially may compete on a larger scale with our cable services, as well as with our cable and broadcast networks and filmed entertainment businesses. Technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the
competitive landscape and influencing consumer behavior, which is discussed immediately below in “Changes in consumer behavior driven by new technologies may adversely affect our businesses.” 

Competition for the cable services we offer consists primarily of DBS providers, which have a national footprint and compete in all our service
areas, and phone companies, which overlap approximately 45% of our service areas and are continuing to expand their fiber-based networks. We also compete with other providers of traditional cable services. All of these companies typically offer
features, pricing and packaging for services comparable to our cable services. Companies that offer services that enable Internet video streaming and downloading of video programming may also compete with our video services. Recently, Google
launched high-speed Internet and video services in a limited number of areas, and there can be no assurance that it will not continue to launch these services in more of our services areas. Furthermore, our phone company competitors have their own
wireless facilities and may expand their cable service offerings to include bundled wireless offerings, which may adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Our cable communications business continues to seek ways to leverage our cable services network, such as by increasing the speed of our high-speed Internet services, by expanding and enhancing our business services
to medium-sized businesses and by launching additional services, such as our home security and automation services. We expect these and other initiatives designed to help us compete effectively, such as deploying our X1 platform and wireless
gateways, will require increased capital spending. There can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our cable communications revenue or to compete successfully in the future.

Each of NBCUniversal’s businesses also faces substantial and increasing competition from providers of similar types of content, as
well as from other forms of entertainment and recreational activities. NBCUniversal must compete to obtain talent, programming and other resources required in operating these businesses. For example, our cable networks, broadcast television networks
and owned local broadcast television stations compete for viewers with other similar networks and stations, as well as with other forms of entertainment and content available in the home, such as video games, DVDs and websites. In addition, our
cable networks compete with other cable networks and programming providers for carriage of their programming by multichannel video providers and online digital distributors. Our filmed entertainment business competes with other major studios and
other producers of entertainment content for sources of financing for the production 

31

Comcast 2013 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

of its films, for the exhibition of its films in theaters, and for shelf space in retail stores for its DVDs and with digital distributors for the licensing and sale of its products. It also
competes for consumers with other film producers and distributors and all other forms of entertainment inside and outside the home. 

Our
cable communications business, cable networks, broadcast television networks and owned local broadcast television stations compete for the sale of advertising time with other television networks and stations, as well as with all other advertising
platforms, such as radio stations, print media and websites. Additionally, our ability to compete depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, investors and
governmental authorities. 

For a more detailed description of the competition facing all of our businesses, see “Business –
Competition” above. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively against existing or new competitors or that competition will not have an adverse effect on our businesses. 

Changes in consumer behavior driven by new technologies may adversely affect our businesses. 

We operate in a highly competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environment. New technologies, particularly alternative methods for the
distribution, sale and viewing of content, have been, and will likely continue to be, developed that further increase the number of competitors that all our businesses face and that drive changes in consumer behavior. These technologies may affect
demand for all of our products and services as the number of entertainment choices available to, and the manner in which they are delivered to, consumers continue to increase and evolve. Our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging
technologies or changes in consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our businesses. 

Newer services and technologies that may
compete with our video services include digital distribution services and devices that offer Internet video streaming and downloading of movies, television shows and other video programming that can be viewed on television sets and computers, as
well as other devices such as smartphones and tablets. Some of these services charge a nominal or no fee for access to their content, which could adversely affect demand for our video services, including for premium networks and our DVR, On Demand
and streaming services. In addition, consumers are increasingly interested in accessing information, entertainment and communications services anywhere and anytime they want; newer services in wireless Internet technology such as 4G wireless
broadband services and Wi-Fi networks, and devices such as wireless data cards, tablets, smartphones and mobile wireless routers that connect to such devices, may compete with our high-speed Internet services. Our voice services are facing increased
competition from wireless and Internet-based phone services as more people choose to replace their traditional wireline phone service with these phone services. The success of any of these ongoing and future developments may have an adverse effect
on our cable communications’ competitive position, business and results of operations. 

New technologies are also affecting
consumer behavior in ways that are changing how content is viewed as consumers seek more control over when, where and how they consume content, which may have a negative impact on our businesses and results of operations. For example, the increased
availability of DVRs, video-on-demand services and cable, broadcast and other video programming on the Internet (including high-quality original video programming that may be viewed only through digital distribution services), as well as increased
access to various media through wireless devices, have the potential to reduce the viewing of our content through traditional distribution outlets, which could adversely affect the demand for our video services, the price and amount of advertising
that advertisers are willing to purchase from us, the amount multichannel video providers are willing to pay to NBCUniversal for its content and the levels of DVD and theatrical sales. These new technologies have increased the number of
entertainment choices available to consumers and intensified the challenges posed by audience fragmentation. Some of these newer technologies also give consumers greater flexibility to watch programming on a time-delayed or on-demand basis or to
fast-forward or skip advertisements within programming, which also may adversely impact the advertising revenue we receive. Delayed 

Comcast 2013 Annual Report on Form 10-K

32

Table of Contents

viewing and advertising skipping have become more common as the penetration of DVRs has increased and as content has become increasingly available via video-on-demand services and Internet
sources. Some of these new technologies are also challenging the existing legal copyright framework that we rely on to protect and monetize our intellectual property rights, as more fully discussed below in “Our businesses depend on using and
protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others.” These and other changes in technology, distribution platforms and consumer behavior could have an adverse effect on our
businesses. 

Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments. 

Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our
competitors’ use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. For example, some companies are building costly fiber-optic networks that provide significant high-speed Internet access speeds and
wireless Internet technologies continue to evolve rapidly. We expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. If we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our
competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. Moreover, we
may incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the deployment of our X1 platform and wireless gateways. We also may incur increased costs if changes in the products and services that our competitors offer require that
we offer certain of our existing services or enhancements at a lower or no cost to our customers or that we make additional research and development expenditures, which could have an adverse effect on our businesses. 

Programming expenses for our video services are increasing, which could adversely affect our businesses. 

We expect programming expenses for our video services to continue to be our Cable Communications segment’s largest single expense item and to
increase in the foreseeable future. The multichannel video provider industry has continued to experience an increase in the cost of programming, especially sports programming. In addition, as we add programming to our video services or distribute
existing programming to more of our customers and through additional delivery platforms, we incur increased programming expenses. Additionally, we are currently paying certain local broadcast television stations in exchange for their required
consent for the retransmission of broadcast network programming to our video services customers and expect to continue to be subject to increasing demands for payment and other concessions from local broadcast television stations. If we are unable
to raise our customers’ rates or offset such programming cost increases through the sale of additional services, the increasing cost of programming could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Moreover, as our contracts with
content providers expire, there can be no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms or that they will be renewed at all, in which case we may be unable to provide such content as part of our video services and our businesses could be
adversely affected. 

We are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities, which may impose additional costs
and restrictions on our businesses. 

Federal, state and local governments extensively regulate the video services industry and may
increase the regulation of the Internet service and VoIP voice service industries. We expect that legislative enactments, court actions and regulatory proceedings will continue to clarify, and in some cases may adversely affect, the rights and
obligations of cable operators and other entities under the Communications Act and other laws. Our broadcast television business also is highly regulated by federal laws and regulations, and our cable networks, filmed entertainment and theme parks
businesses are subject to various other laws and regulations at the international, federal, state and local levels, including laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, which have become more stringent over time, and the safety of
consumer products and theme 

33

Comcast 2013 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

park operations. In addition, we are subject to the NBCUniversal Order and the NBCUniversal Consent Decree, which have imposed numerous conditions on our businesses relating to the treatment of
competitors and other matters. Failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could result in administrative enforcement actions, fines, and civil and criminal liability. 

Legislators and regulators at all levels of government frequently consider changing, and sometimes do change, existing statutes, rules,
regulations, or interpretations thereof, or prescribe new ones, which may significantly affect our businesses. Any future legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose additional restrictions on our
businesses, which could adversely affect our businesses. For example, in 2010, the FCC adopted “open Internet” regulations applicable to broadband Internet service providers (“ISPs”). The regulations required broadband ISPs such
as us to disclose information regarding network management, performance and commercial terms of the service (the “transparency rule”); barred broadband ISPs from blocking access to lawful content, applications, services or non-harmful
devices; and barred wireline broadband ISPs such as us from unreasonably discriminating in transmitting lawful network traffic. The no-blocking and non-discrimination requirements allowed for reasonable network management. The FCC did not prohibit
speed tiers or usage-based pricing, but specifically noted that “paid prioritization” (i.e., charging content, application and service providers for prioritizing their traffic over our last-mile facilities) or an ISP’s prioritizing of
its own Internet content likely would violate these regulations. In January 2014, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit vacated all of the FCC’s rules except for the transparency rule but the court clarified that the FCC had the
fundamental authority to regulate broadband Internet access services as a general matter. Although we remain bound by the FCC’s original “open Internet” regulations as a condition of the NBCUniversal Order and the NBCUniversal Consent
Decree for the remainder of the term of those orders, it is possible that the FCC may appeal the court’s decision or seek to adopt new Internet regulations or take other actions that restrict the manner in which we and other ISPs provide
Internet services. The FCC also may attempt to reclassify broadband Internet service as a “telecommunications service,” which would authorize the FCC to subject it to traditional common carriage regulation under Title II of the
Communications Act. Under a Title II framework, the FCC could potentially regulate our customer rates for broadband Internet services and could prohibit or seriously restrict arrangements between us and Internet content, application, and service
providers, including backbone connection arrangements. These arrangements historically have not been regulated by the FCC. The FCC Chairman, however, has stressed that the FCC has a responsibility to ensure “connectivity” of the Internet,
and although he has made clear that he does not consider peering and transit arrangements to be an “open Internet” issue, he considers it a related issue that the FCC, at a minimum, should monitor. The FCC might also take a broader view of
its existing authority, as confirmed by the court decision, to adopt any regulation that conceivably would promote broadband deployment and adoption so long as it is not a common carrier regulation, and states may also attempt to regulate the
Internet pursuant to the court’s decision. We cannot predict what, if any, proposals might be adopted or what effect they might have on our business. For a more extensive discussion of the significant risks associated with the regulation of all
of our businesses, see “Business – Legislation and Regulation” above. 

Weak economic conditions may have a negative
impact on our businesses. 

A substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by
prevailing economic conditions. Weak economic conditions, or increases in price levels generally due to inflationary pressures, could adversely affect demand for any of our products and services and have a negative impact on our results of
operations. For example, customers may reduce the level of cable services to which they subscribe, or may discontinue subscribing to one or more of our cable services. This risk may be increased by the expanded availability of free or lower cost
competitive services, such as Internet video streaming and downloading services, or substitute services, such as mobile phones, smartphones and Wi-Fi networks. Weak economic conditions also may have a negative impact on the advertising revenue of
our cable communications, cable networks and broadcast television businesses. Weak economic conditions could also reduce the fees that multichannel video providers pay for our cable networks’ programming and

Comcast 2013 Annual Report on Form 10-K

34

Table of Contents

for the retransmission of our broadcast television networks and stations’ content. Weak economic conditions have also in the past reduced, and could continue to reduce, the performance of
our home entertainment releases in our filmed entertainment business and attendance and spending in our theme parks business. Weak economic conditions and turmoil in the global financial markets may also impair the ability of third parties to
satisfy their obligations to us. Further, any disruption in the global financial markets may affect our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms. If these weak economic conditions continue or deteriorate, our businesses may be adversely
affected. 

A decline in advertising expenditures or changes in advertising markets could negatively impact our businesses.

Our cable communications, cable networks and broadcast television businesses derive substantial revenue from the sale of advertising
on a variety of platforms, and a decline in advertising expenditures could negatively impact our results of operations. Declines can be caused by the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries, by increased competition for the leisure
time of audiences and audience fragmentation, by the growing use of new technologies, or by the economy in general, any of which may cause advertisers to alter their spending priorities based on these or other factors. In addition, advertisers’
willingness to purchase advertising from us may be adversely affected by lower audience ratings, which some of our cable networks have experienced and may continue to experience. Advertising sales and rates also are dependent on audience measurement
and could be negatively affected by changes in audience measurement methodologies. For example, newer methods of viewing content (such as delayed viewing on DVRs or viewing content on computers, tablets or smartphones) might not be counted in
audience measurements or may generate less, if any, revenue than traditional distribution methods, which could have an adverse effect on our advertising revenue. Further, natural disasters, wars, acts of terrorism, or other significant adverse news
events could lead to a reduction in advertising expenditures as a result of uninterrupted news coverage and general economic uncertainty. Reductions in advertising expenditures could adversely affect our businesses. 

NBCUniversal’s success depends on consumer acceptance of its content, which is difficult to predict, and its businesses may be adversely
affected if its content fails to achieve sufficient consumer acceptance or the costs to create or acquire content increase. 

Most of
NBCUniversal’s businesses create and acquire media and entertainment content, the success of which depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. The success of these businesses depends on our
ability to consistently create, acquire, market and distribute cable network and broadcast television programming, filmed entertainment, theme park attractions and other content that meet the changing preferences of the broad domestic and
international consumer market. We have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in our content, including in the production of original content on our cable networks and broadcast television networks, in our films and for theme
park attractions, before learning the extent to which it would earn consumer acceptance. 

We also obtain a significant portion of our
content from third parties, such as movie studios, television production companies, sports organizations and other suppliers. Competition for popular content, particularly for sports programming, is intense, and we may have to increase the price we
are willing to pay or be outbid by our competitors for popular content. Entering into or renewing contracts for such programming rights or acquiring additional rights may result in significantly increased costs. Moreover, particularly with respect
to long-term contracts for sports programming rights, our results of operations and cash flows over the term of a contract depend on a number of factors, including the strength of the advertising market, our audience size, the ability to impose
surcharges on multichannel video providers for the content and the timing and amount of our rights payments. There can be no assurance that revenue from these contracts will exceed our cost for the rights, as well as the other costs of producing and
distributing the programming. If our content does not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, or if we cannot obtain or retain rights to popular content on acceptable terms, or at all, our businesses may be adversely affected. 

35

Comcast 2013 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

The loss of NBCUniversal’s programming distribution agreements, or the renewal of these
agreements on less favorable terms, could adversely affect its businesses. 

Our cable networks depend on the maintenance of
distribution agreements with multichannel video providers. Our broadcast television networks depend on the maintenance of network affiliation agreements with third-party local broadcast television stations in the markets where we do not own the
affiliated local broadcast television station. In addition, every three years, each of our owned local broadcast television stations must elect, with respect to its retransmission by multichannel video providers within its DMA, either
“must-carry” status, in which the distributor’s carriage of the station is mandatory and does not generate any compensation for the local station, or “retransmission consent,” in which the station gives up its right to
mandatory carriage and instead seeks to negotiate the terms and conditions of carriage with the distributor, including the amount of compensation, if any, paid to the station by such distributor. In the course of renewing distribution agreements
with multichannel video providers, we may enter into retransmission consent agreements on behalf of our owned local broadcast television stations. All of our NBC and Telemundo owned local broadcast television stations have elected retransmission
consent through December 31, 2014. Our ability to continue to receive compensation from distributors as part of our retransmission consent negotiations may be adversely impacted by online entities that stream our broadcast television content
online without our consent and without paying any compensation to us. Increasingly, our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses also have entered into agreements to license their prior season and library content on
other distribution platforms. There can be no assurance that any of these agreements will be renewed in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. The loss of any of these agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could
reduce the reach of our television programming and its attractiveness to advertisers, which in turn could adversely affect our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses. 

Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of
others. 

We rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and
other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our operations and sell our products and services. Legal challenges to our intellectual property rights and claims of intellectual property infringement
by third parties could require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question or
from the continuation of our businesses as currently conducted. We may need to change our business practices if any of these events occur, which may limit our ability to compete effectively and could have an adverse effect on our results of
operations. Even if we believe any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management’s attention and resources away from our businesses. Moreover, if we are unable to obtain or
continue to obtain licenses from our vendors and other third parties on reasonable terms, our businesses could be adversely affected. 

In addition, intellectual property constitutes a significant part of the value of NBCUniversal’s businesses, and its success is highly
dependent on protecting intellectual property rights in the content it creates or acquires against third-party misappropriation, reproduction or infringement. The unauthorized reproduction, distribution or display of copyrighted material negatively
affects our ability to generate revenue from the legitimate sale of our content, as well as from the sale of advertising in connection with our content, and increases our costs due to our active enforcement of our intellectual property rights. For
example, there is ongoing litigation related to a number of online entities that stream our broadcast television content online without the consent of, or compensation to, NBC or its affiliates, and the U.S. Supreme Court has granted certiorari to
hear the broadcasting industry’s challenge to one such entity. If this practice is validated, the fees multichannel video providers are willing to pay for our broadcast television content may be negatively impacted. We also have brought a suit
against a multichannel video provider to challenge the commercial-skipping functionality in its DVR. None of this litigation is final, and the results as to the validity of these practices have been mixed to date. Additionally, there is a
pending legislative proposal that seems 

Comcast 2013 Annual Report on Form 10-K

36

Table of Contents

intended to legitimize some of these practices. There can be no assurance as to whether the courts will ultimately invalidate these practices or the pending legislation will be enacted, or how
any such rulings or legislation would ultimately affect our businesses. 

Piracy and other unauthorized uses of content are made easier,
and the enforcement of intellectual property rights more challenging, by technological advances allowing the conversion of programming, films and other content into digital formats, which facilitates the creation, transmission and sharing of
high-quality unauthorized copies. In particular, piracy of programming and films through unauthorized distribution on DVDs, peer-to-peer computer networks and other platforms continues to present challenges for our cable networks, broadcast
television and filmed entertainment businesses. While piracy is a challenge in the United States, it is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack developed copyright laws, effective enforcement of copyright laws and technical
protective measures like those in effect in the United States. If any U.S. or international laws intended to combat piracy and protect intellectual property rights are repealed or weakened or are not adequately enforced, or if the legal system fails
to adapt to new technologies that facilitate piracy, we may be unable to effectively protect our rights, and the value of our intellectual property may be negatively impacted and our costs of enforcing our rights may increase. See “Business
– Legislation and Regulation – Other Areas of Regulation – Intellectual Property” above for additional information. 

We rely on network and information systems and other technologies, as well as key properties, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure or
destruction of such networks, systems, technologies or properties may disrupt our businesses. 

Network and information systems and
other technologies, including those related to our network management, customer service operations and programming delivery, are critical to our business activities. Network and information systems-related events, such as computer hackings, cyber
attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, or power outages, natural
disasters, terrorist attacks or other similar events, could result in a degradation or disruption of our services, excessive call volume to call centers or damage to our properties, equipment and data. These events also could result in large
expenditures to repair or replace the damaged properties, networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future. Further, any security breaches, such as misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental
release or loss of information maintained in our information technology systems, including customer, personnel and vendor data, could damage our reputation and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security
breach. We may provide certain confidential, proprietary and personal information to third parties in connection with our businesses, and while we obtain assurances that these third parties will protect this information, there is a risk that this
information may be compromised. Moreover, the amount and scope of insurance we maintain against losses resulting from any such events or security breaches may not be sufficient to cover our losses or otherwise adequately compensate us for any
disruptions to our businesses that may result, and the occurrence of any such events or security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our businesses.

The risk of these systems-related events and security breaches occurring continues to intensify, in part because we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our businesses in digital form stored on cloud
servers. In the ordinary course of our business, there are frequent attempts to cause such systems-related events and security breaches, and we have experienced a few minor systems-related events that, to date, have not resulted in any significant
degradation or disruption to our network or information systems or our services or operations. While we develop and maintain systems seeking to prevent systems-related events and security breaches from occurring, the development and maintenance of
these systems is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become more sophisticated. Despite these efforts, there can be no assurance that these events and security breaches
will not occur in the future or will not have an adverse effect on our businesses. 

37

Comcast 2013 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

We may be unable to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support. 

We depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide
certain of our services. Some of these vendors represent our primary source of supply or grant us the right to incorporate their intellectual property into some of our hardware and software products. While we actively monitor the operations and
financial condition of key vendors in an attempt to detect any potential difficulties, there can be no assurance that we would timely identify any operating or financial difficulties associated with these vendors or that we could effectively
mitigate our risks with respect to any such difficulties. If any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties or if demand exceeds their capacity or they otherwise cannot meet our specifications, our ability to provide some
services may be adversely affected. 

Labor disputes, whether involving employees or sports organizations, may disrupt our operations
and adversely affect our businesses. 

Many of NBCUniversal’s employees, including writers, directors, actors, technical and
production personnel and others, as well as some of our on-air and creative talent and cable communications’ employees, are covered by collective bargaining agreements or works councils. If we are unable to reach agreement with a labor union
before the expiration of a collective bargaining agreement, our employees who were covered by that agreement may have a right to strike or take other actions that could adversely affect us. Moreover, many of NBCUniversal’s collective bargaining
agreements are industry-wide agreements, and we may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of the agreements. A labor dispute involving our employees may result in work stoppages or disrupt our operations and reduce our revenue, and
resolution of disputes may increase our costs. There can be no assurance that we will renew our collective bargaining agreements as they expire or that we can renew them on favorable terms or without any work stoppages. 

In addition, our cable networks and broadcast television networks have programming rights agreements of varying scope and duration with various
sports organizations to broadcast and produce sporting events, including certain NFL, NHL, NBA and MLB games. Labor disputes in these and other sports organizations could have an adverse effect on our businesses. 

The loss of key management personnel or popular on-air and creative talent could have an adverse effect on our businesses. 

We rely on certain key management personnel in the operation of our businesses. While we maintain long-term and emergency transition plans for
key management personnel and believe we could either identify internal candidates or attract outside candidates to fill any vacancy created by the loss of any key management personnel, the loss of one or more of our key management personnel could
have a negative impact on our businesses. In addition, our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses depend on the abilities and expertise of our on-air and creative talent. If we fail to retain our on-air or
creative talent, if the costs to retain such talent increase materially, if we need to make significant termination payments, or if these individuals lose their current appeal, our businesses could be adversely affected. 

We face risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect our businesses.

We, primarily through NBCUniversal, operate our businesses worldwide. There are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including global
financial market turmoil, economic volatility and the global economic slowdown, currency exchange rate fluctuations and inflationary pressures, the requirements of local laws and customs relating to the publication and distribution of content and
the display and sale of advertising, import or export restrictions and changes in trade regulations, difficulties in developing, staffing and managing foreign operations, issues related to occupational safety and adherence to diverse local labor
laws and regulations, and potentially adverse tax developments. In addition, doing business internationally is subject to risks relating to political or social unrest, corruption and government regulation, including U.S. laws such as

Comcast 2013 Annual Report on Form 10-K

38

Table of Contents

the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act that impose stringent requirements on how we conduct our foreign operations. If these risks occur, our businesses may be adversely affected. 

Acquisitions and other strategic transactions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that were
contemplated at the time of any transaction. 

From time to time we make acquisitions and investments and enter into other strategic
transactions. In connection with such acquisitions and strategic transactions, we may incur unanticipated expenses, fail to realize anticipated benefits, have difficulty incorporating the acquired businesses, disrupt relationships with current and
new employees, customers and vendors, incur significant debt, or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions. The occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our businesses. 

Our Class B common stock has substantial voting rights and separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, and our
Chairman and CEO has considerable influence over our company through his beneficial ownership of our Class B common stock.

Our Class B common stock has a nondilutable 33 1

/
3

% of the combined voting power of our Class A and Class B common stock. This nondilutable voting power is subject to
proportional decrease to the extent the number of shares of Class B common stock is reduced below 9,444,375, which was the number of shares of Class B common stock outstanding on the date of our 2002 acquisition of AT&T Corp.’s cable
business, subject to adjustment in specified situations. Stock dividends payable on the Class B common stock in the form of Class B or Class A Special common stock do not decrease the nondilutable voting power of the Class B common
stock. The Class B common stock also has separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, even if they are approved by our Board of Directors or by our other shareholders and even if they might be in the best interests of our
other shareholders. These potentially material transactions include mergers or consolidations involving Comcast Corporation, transactions (such as a sale of all or substantially all of our assets) or issuances of securities that
require shareholder approval, transactions that result in any person or group owning shares representing more than 10% of the combined voting power of the resulting or surviving corporation, issuances of Class B common stock
or securities exercisable or convertible into Class B common stock, and amendments to our articles of incorporation or by-laws that would limit the rights of holders of our Class B common stock. Brian L. Roberts, our chairman and CEO,
beneficially owns all of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock and, accordingly, has considerable influence over our company and the potential ability to transfer effective control by selling the Class B common stock,
which could be at a premium. 

39

Comcast 2013 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents