All of the services offered by our cable systems
face a wide range of competition that could adversely affect our future results of operations. 

Our cable systems compete with a number
of different sources that provide news, information and entertainment programming to consumers. We compete directly with other programming distributors, including DBS companies, phone companies, companies that build competing cable systems in the
same communities we serve, and companies that offer programming and other communications services to our subscribers and potential subscribers, including high-speed Internet and VoIP-enabled phone. This competition may adversely affect our business
and operations materially in the future. 

Programming expenses are increasing, which could adversely affect our future results of operations.

We expect our programming expenses to continue to be our largest single expense item in the foreseeable future. In recent years, the
cable and satellite video industries have experienced a rapid increase in the cost of programming. If we are unable to raise our subscribers’ rates or offset such programming cost increases through the sale of additional services, the
increasing cost of programming could have an adverse impact on our operating results. In addition, as we add programming to our video services, we may face increased programming expenses that, in conjunction with the additional pricing constraints,
may reduce operating margins. 

We also expect to be subject to increasing demands by broadcasters in exchange for their required consent
for the retransmission of broadcast programming to our subscribers. We cannot predict the impact of these demands or the effect on our business and operations should we fail to obtain the required consents. 

We are subject to regulation by federal, state and local governments, which may impose costs and restrictions. 

Federal, state and local governments extensively regulate the cable industry and the circuit-switched phone services industry and may begin regulating the
Internet services industry. We expect that legislative enactments, court actions and regulatory proceedings will continue to clarify and in some cases change the rights and obligations of cable operators and other entities under the Communications
Act and other laws, possibly in ways that we have not foreseen. Congress considers new legislative requirements potentially affecting our businesses virtually every year, and significant legislation to update the Communications Act is currently
pending in Congress. The results of these legislative, judicial and administrative actions may materially affect our business operations. Local authorities grant us franchises that permit us to operate our cable systems. We have to renew or
renegotiate these franchises from time to time. Local franchising authorities often demand concessions or other commitments as a condition to renewal or transfer, and such concessions or other commitments could be costly to us in the future. In
addition, we could be materially disadvantaged if we remain subject to legal constraints that do not apply equally to our competitors, such as if local phone companies that provide video programming services are not subject to the local franchising
requirements and other requirements that apply to us. For example, the FCC has adopted rules and several states have enacted legislation to ease the franchising process and reduce franchising burdens for new entrants. Congress and the FCC are also
considering various forms of “network neutrality” regulation. See “Legislation and Regulation—Video Services—Franchise Matters and High-Speed Internet Services” in Item 1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

We may face increased competition because of technological advances and new regulatory requirements, which could adversely affect our future results of
operations. 

ILECs are building wireline fiber-optic networks and in some case using Internet protocol technology to provide video
services in substantial portions of their service areas (and have begun to offer this service in several states), in addition to marketing DBS service in certain areas. ILECs and other companies also offer DSL service, which provides Internet access
to subscribers at data transmission speeds substantially greater than that of conventional analog modems. We expect other advances in communications technology, as well as changes in 

17 

Table of Contents

the marketplace, to occur in the future. New technologies and services may develop that compete with services that cable systems offer, and such services may
not be regulated in the same manner or to the same extent as our services. The success of these ongoing and future developments could have an adverse effect on our business operations. Moreover, in recent years, Congress has enacted legislation and
the FCC has adopted regulatory policies intended to provide a favorable operating environment for existing competitors and for potential new competitors to our cable systems. 

We face risks arising from the outcome of various litigation matters. 

We are involved in various
litigation matters, including those arising in the ordinary course of business and those described under the caption “Legal Proceedings “ in Item 3 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. While we do not believe that any of these
litigation matters alone or in the aggregate will have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, an adverse outcome in one or more of these matters could be material to our consolidated results of operations for any one period.
Further, no assurance can be given that any adverse outcome would not be material to our consolidated financial position. 

Acquisitions and other
strategic transactions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of any transaction. 

From time to time we have made acquisitions and have entered into other strategic transactions. In connection with acquisitions and other strategic transactions, we may incur unanticipated expenses; fail to realize
anticipated benefits; have difficulty incorporating the acquired businesses; disrupt relationships with current and new employees, subscribers and vendors; incur significant indebtedness; or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions.
These factors could have a material effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

Our Class B common stock has
substantial voting rights and separate approval rights over a number of potentially material transactions and, through his beneficial ownership of the Class B common stock, our Chairman and CEO has considerable influence over our operations.

Our Class B common stock has a nondilutable 33
 1

/3 % of the combined voting power of our common stock. This nondilutable voting power is subject to
proportional decrease to the extent the number of shares of Class B common stock is reduced below 9,444,375, which was the number of shares of Class B common stock outstanding on the date of our 2002 acquisition of AT&T Corp.’s cable
business, subject to adjustment in specified situations. Stock dividends payable on the Class B common stock in the form of Class B or Class A Special common stock do not decrease the nondilutable voting power of the Class B common
stock. The Class B common stock also has separate approval rights over the following potentially material transactions: mergers or consolidations involving Comcast Corporation, transactions (such as a sale of all or substantially all of our
assets) or issuances of securities that require shareholder approval, transactions that result in any person or group owning shares representing more than 10% of the combined voting power of the resulting or surviving
corporation, issuances of Class B common stock or securities exercisable or convertible into Class B common stock and amendments to our articles of incorporation or by-laws that would limit the rights of holders of our Class B common
stock. Brian L. Roberts beneficially owns of all of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock and accordingly has considerable influence over our operations and has the ability to transfer potential effective control by
selling the Class B common stock. In addition, under our articles of incorporation, Mr. Roberts is entitled to remain as our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President until May 26, 2010, unless he is removed by the affirmative
vote of at least 75% of the entire Board of Directors or he is no longer willing or able to serve.