All of the services offered by our cable systems face a wide range of competition that could
adversely affect our future results of operations. 

Our cable systems compete with a number of different sources that provide news, information
and entertainment programming to consumers. We compete directly with other programming distributors, including DBS companies, phone companies, companies that build competing cable systems in the same communities we serve, and companies that offer
programming and other communications services to our subscribers and potential subscribers, including high-speed Internet and VoIP service providers. This competition intensified during the second half of 2007 and may
adversely affect our business and results of operations in the future. 

 We may face increased competition because of
technological advances and new regulatory requirements, which could adversely affect our future results of operations. 

In addition to marketing
DBS services in certain areas, ILECs have built and are continuing to build wireline, fiber-optic-based networks and in some cases are using IP technology to provide video services in substantial portions of their service areas. ILECs and other
companies also offer DSL and other Internet services. We expect other advances in communications technology, as well as changes in the marketplace, to occur in the future. New technologies and services may develop that compete with services that our
cable systems offer, and such services may not be regulated in the same manner or to the same extent as our services. The success of these ongoing and future developments could have an adverse effect on our business and operations. Moreover, in
recent years, Congress and various states have enacted legislation and the FCC has adopted regulatory policies that have had the effect of providing a more favorable operating environment for some of our existing and potential new
competitors.

Programming expenses are increasing, which could adversely affect our future results of operations. 

We expect our programming expenses to continue to be our largest single expense item in the foreseeable future. The MVPD industry has continued to experience an
increase in the cost of programming, especially sports programming. If we are unable to raise our subscribers’ rates or offset such programming cost increases through the sale of additional services, the increasing cost of programming could
have an adverse impact on our results of operations. In addition, as we add programming to our video services, we face increased programming expenses.

We also expect to be subject to increasing demands by broadcasters in exchange for their required consent for the retransmission of broadcast programming to our subscribers. We cannot predict the impact of these demands or the effect
on our business and operations should we fail to obtain the required consents.

We are subject to regulation by federal, state and local
governments, which may impose additional costs and restrictions. 

Federal, state and local governments extensively regulate the video services
industry and may increase the regulation of the Internet services and digital phone services industries. We expect that legislative enactments, court actions and regulatory proceedings will continue to clarify and in some cases adversely effect the
rights and obligations of cable operators and other entities under the Communications Act and other laws. Congress considers new legislative requirements potentially affecting our businesses virtually every year. The results of these legislative,
judicial and administrative actions may materially affect our business operations. Local authorities grant us franchises that permit us to operate our cable systems. We have to renew or renegotiate these franchises 

13

Comcast 2007 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

from time to time. Local franchising authorities often demand concessions or other commitments as a condition of renewal or transfer, and these concessions or other
commitments could be costly to us. In addition, we could be materially disadvantaged if we remain subject to legal constraints that do not apply equally to our competitors, such as if telephone companies that provide video programming services are
not subject to the local franchising requirements and other requirements that apply to us. For example, the FCC has adopted rules and several states have enacted legislation to ease the franchising process and reduce franchising burdens for new
entrants. Congress and the FCC are also considering various forms of “net neutrality” regulation. See “
Legislation and Regulation” in Item 1 and refer to the “

Franchising” and “

High-Speed Internet Services” discussion within that section.

Weakening economic conditions may reduce subscriber
spending on video, Internet and phone services and may reduce our rate of growth of subscriber additions. 

A substantial portion of our revenues
comes from residential customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. The weakening economy affected our net subscriber additions during the second half of 2007 and, if these economic conditions continue to
deteriorate, the growth of our business and results of operations may be affected. 

We face risks arising from the outcome of various litigation
matters. 

We are involved in various litigation matters, including those arising in the ordinary course of business and those described under the
caption “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3. While we do not believe that any of these litigation matters alone or in the aggregate will have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, an adverse outcome in one or more of
these matters could be material to our consolidated results of operations and cash flows for any one period. Further, no assurance can be given that any adverse outcome would not be material to our consolidated financial position.

Acquisitions and other strategic transactions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that were contemplated at the time of
any transaction. 

From time to time we have made acquisitions and have entered into other strategic transactions. In connection with acquisitions
and other strategic transactions, we may incur unanticipated expenses; fail to realize anticipated benefits; have difficulty incorporating the acquired businesses; disrupt relationships with current and new employees, subscribers and vendors; incur
significant indebtedness; or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

 Our Class B common stock has substantial voting rights and separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions and our Chairman and CEO has considerable influence over our operations
through his beneficial ownership of our Class B common stock.

Our Class B common stock has
a nondilutable 33 1

/
3
% of the combined voting power of our common stock. This nondilutable voting power is subject to
proportional decrease to the extent the number of shares of Class B common stock is reduced below 9,444,375, which was the number of shares of Class B common stock outstanding on the date of our 2002 acquisition of AT&T Corp.’s cable
business, subject to adjustment in specified situations. Stock dividends payable on the Class B common stock in the form of Class B or Class A Special common stock do not decrease the nondilutable voting power of the Class B common
stock. The Class B common stock also has separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, even if they are approved by our Board of Directors or by our other stockholders and even if they might be in the best interests of our
other stockholders. These potentially material transactions include: mergers or consolidations involving Comcast Corporation, transactions (such as a sale of all or substantially all of our assets) or issuances of securities that
require shareholder approval, transactions that result in any person or group owning shares representing more than 10% of the combined voting power of the resulting or surviving corporation, issuances of Class B common stock or
securities exercisable or convertible into Class B common stock, and amendments to our articles of incorporation or by-laws that would limit the rights of holders of our Class B common stock. 

Brian L. Roberts beneficially owns all of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock and accordingly has considerable influence over our
operations and has the ability (subject to certain restrictions through November 17, 2012) to transfer potential effective control by selling the Class B common stock. In addition, under our articles of incorporation, Mr. Roberts is
entitled to remain as our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President until May 26, 2010, unless he is removed by the affirmative vote of at least 75% of the entire Board of Directors or he is no longer willing or able to serve.