Risks Related to Our Business, Industry and Operations

Our businesses operate in highly competitive and dynamic industries, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively.

All of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven, rapidly changing environments. We compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and services and entertainment, sports, news and information content to consumers. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively against our competitors or that competition will not have an adverse effect on our businesses.

Below is a summary of our most significant sources of competition; for a more detailed description of the competition facing our businesses, see Item 1: Business and refer to the “Competition” discussion within that section.

•
Cable Communications’ and Sky’s broadband services compete primarily against wireline telecommunications companies, including many that are increasing deployment of fiber-based networks, wireless telecommunications companies offering internet services (using a variety of technologies, including 4G and 5G wireless broadband services and 5G fixed wireless networks), certain electric cooperatives and municipalities in the United States that own and operate their own broadband networks and DBS and newer satellite broadband providers. Broadband-deployment funding initiatives at the federal and state level, including as part of the America Rescue Plan Act of 2021, may result in other service providers deploying new subsidized internet access networks within our footprint, and in cases where we agree to receive subsidies, may impose constraints on how we conduct our businesses in certain areas. Competition for video services offered by Cable Communications and Sky consists primarily of DTC streaming and other OTT service providers, DBS providers and telecommunications companies. Our voice and wireless services primarily compete with wireless and wireline telecommunications providers. Many of our competitors offer bundled products and services with favorable pricing to customers, which has increased competition. 

•
NBCUniversal and Sky face substantial and increasing competition from providers of similar types of entertainment, sports, news and information content, as well as from other forms of entertainment and recreational activities. NBCUniversal and Sky must compete to obtain talent, popular content (including sports programming) and other resources required to successfully operate their businesses. This competition has intensified as DTC streaming and other OTT service providers develop high-quality programming and acquire live sports programming rights to attract viewers.

Consolidation of, or cooperation between, our competitors, including suppliers and distributors of content, may increase competition in all of these areas, as may the emergence of additional competitors with significant resources, greater efficiencies of scale, fewer regulatory burdens and more competitive pricing and packaging, that are competing with our businesses in all forms of content distribution and production. For example, such consolidation or cooperation may allow competitors to offer free or lower cost streaming services, potentially on an exclusive basis, through unlimited data-usage plans for internet or wireless phone services.

The ability of our businesses to compete effectively also depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, business partners, employees, investors and government authorities. In addition, our ability to compete will be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience.

Changes in consumer behavior continue to adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models.

Distribution platforms for viewing and purchasing content have been, and will likely continue to be, developed that further increase the number of competitors that all our businesses face and challenge existing business models. As consumers increasingly turn to DTC streaming and other OTT services, the number of Cable Communications’ video customers and amount of subscriber fees paid to NBCUniversal’s television networks decrease, even as Cable Communications’ broadband services have become more important to consumers. DTC streaming and other OTT services have driven, and will continue to drive, changes in consumer behavior as consumers seek more control over when, where and how they consume content and access communications services, and how much they pay for such content.

Comcast 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K

24

Table of Contents

Cable Communications continues to experience accelerated net losses in its video and voice customers. For example, in Europe, more of Sky’s new video customers have recently subscribed, and may continue to subscribe, to NOW, Sky’s DTC streaming service, instead of its traditional DTH video service. Although we have attempted to adapt our video service offerings, enhance our broadband services for changing consumer behaviors, and offer new programming, such as Peacock, the continuing trend of content owners delivering their content directly to consumers rather than through, or in addition to, traditional video distribution channels continues to disrupt traditional distribution business models.

The increase in DTC streaming and other OTT service providers, as well as in gaming and virtual reality products and services, also has significantly increased the number of entertainment choices available to consumers, which has intensified audience fragmentation and disaggregated the way that content traditionally has been distributed and viewed by consumers. The use of DTC streaming and other OTT services reduces traditional television viewership, coupled with time-shifting technologies, such as DVR and on demand services, has caused and likely will continue to cause audience ratings declines for our television programming channels. In addition, as more programming providers offer their content directly to consumers through their own apps or platforms, they may reduce the quantity and quality of the programming they license to NBCUniversal or Sky’s television channels or to Peacock. Our results of operations may be impacted as we license our own content exclusively on our content platforms, including Peacock, rather than receiving license revenue from third parties for rights to such content.

Our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior, including among younger consumers, and shifting business models could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, businesses and results of operations.

A decline in advertisers’ expenditures or changes in advertising markets could negatively impact our businesses.

We compete for the sale of advertising time with digital media distributors, websites and search engines, other television networks and stations, as well as with all other advertising platforms, such as radio and print. We derive substantial revenue from the sale of advertising, and a decline in expenditures by advertisers, including through traditional linear television distribution models, could negatively impact our results of operations. Declines can be caused by the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries, increased competition for the leisure time of viewers, such as from social media and video games, audience fragmentation, increased viewing of content through DTC streaming and other OTT service providers, increased use of time-shifting and advertising-blocking technologies, regulatory intervention regarding where and when advertising may be placed, or economic conditions generally. In addition, advertisers have shifted a portion of their total expenditures to digital media, and this trend may continue or accelerate. Their willingness to purchase advertising from us may be adversely affected by lower audience ratings and reduced viewership, which many of NBCUniversal’s networks and some of Sky’s television channels have experienced and likely will continue to experience, or from the level of popularity or perceived acceptance of Peacock. Advertising sales and rates also are dependent on the methodology used for audience measurement and could be negatively affected if methodologies do not accurately reflect actual viewership levels. 

Programming expenses for our video services are increasing on a per subscriber basis, which could adversely affect Cable Communications’ video businesses.

We expect programming expenses for our video services to continue to be the largest single expense item for our Cable Communications segment and to continue to increase on a per subscriber basis. Part of Cable Communications’ programming expenses include payments to certain local broadcast television stations in exchange for their required consent for the retransmission of broadcast network programming to video services customers; we expect to continue to be subject to increasing demands for payment and other concessions from local broadcast television stations. These market factors may be exacerbated by increased consolidation in the media industry, which may further increase our programming expenses. If we are unable to offset programming cost increases through rate increases, the sale of additional services, cost management or other initiatives, the increasing cost of programming could have an adverse effect on our Cable Communications segment’s results of operations. 

Moreover, as our contracts with content providers expire, there can be no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms, or at all, in which case we may be unable to provide such content as part of Cable Communications’ video services, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected.

25

Comcast 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

NBCUniversal’s and Sky’s success depends on consumer acceptance of their content, and their businesses may be adversely affected if their content fails to achieve sufficient consumer acceptance.

NBCUniversal and Sky create and acquire media and entertainment content, the success of which depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that often change in unpredictable ways. The success of these businesses depends on our ability to consistently create, acquire, market and distribute television programming, filmed entertainment, theme park attractions and other content that meet the changing preferences of the broad domestic and international consumer markets. We have invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in our content, including in the production of original content for NBCUniversal, including Peacock, and Sky, in our films and for new theme parks and theme park attractions, before learning the extent to which they will earn consumer acceptance. In addition, there can be no assurance that Peacock will continue to grow or sustain its revenue or user base or successfully compete as a standalone DTC streaming service.

NBCUniversal and Sky also obtain a significant portion of their content from third parties, such as movie studios, television production companies, sports organizations and other suppliers, sometimes on an exclusive basis. Competition for popular content, particularly for sports programming, is intense, and at times, we may increase the price we are willing to pay or be outbid by our competitors for popular content. We also may be unable to license popular third-party content for NBCUniversal’s and Sky’s television programming channels if media companies determine that licensing the content to us is not in their strategic best interests. For example, content creators have launched and may continue to launch their own DTC streaming or other OTT services, forgoing license fees from us to provide their content directly to consumers, or they may license their content to our competitors on an exclusive basis.

Entering into or renewing contracts for such programming rights or acquiring additional rights has in the past resulted, and may result in the future, in significantly increased costs. Particularly with respect to long-term contracts for sports programming rights for NBCUniversal and Sky, our results of operations and cash flows over the term of a contract depend on a number of factors, including the strength of the advertising market, audience size, the timing and amount of rights payments, and the ability to secure distribution from, impose surcharges on, or obtain carriage on multichannel video providers or to grow and retain subscribers to our own DTC services. There can be no assurance that revenue from these contracts will exceed our costs for the rights, as well as the other costs of producing and distributing the programming. If our content does not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, or if we cannot obtain or retain rights to popular content on acceptable terms, or at all, NBCUniversal’s and Sky’s businesses may be adversely affected.

The loss of programming distribution and licensing agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could adversely affect our businesses.

NBCUniversal’s cable television networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain distribution agreements with traditional and virtual multichannel video providers. The number of subscribers to NBCUniversal’s cable television networks has been, and likely will continue to be, reduced as a result of fewer subscribers to multichannel video providers. In addition, NBCUniversal’s broadcast television networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain network affiliation agreements with third-party local broadcast television stations in the markets where we do not own the affiliated local broadcast television station. Our owned local broadcast television stations must elect, with respect to retransmission by certain multichannel video providers, either “must-carry” status, in which we require the provider to carry the station without paying any compensation to us, or “retransmission consent,” in which we give up our right to mandatory carriage and instead seek to negotiate the terms and conditions of carriage, including the amount of compensation, if any, paid to us by such provider. Sky also depends on its ability to secure and maintain wholesale distribution agreements for its television channels with multichannel video providers. 

For all of these types of arrangements, NBCUniversal’s and Sky’s ability to renew agreements on favorable terms may be affected by industry consolidation and new participants entering the market for distribution of content on digital platforms. There can be no assurance that any of these agreements will be entered into or renewed in the future on acceptable terms. The inability to enter into or renew these agreements could reduce our revenues and the reach of our programming, which could adversely affect NBCUniversal’s and Sky’s businesses.

Comcast 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K

26

Table of Contents

Less favorable European telecommunications access regulations, the loss of Sky’s transmission access agreements with satellite or telecommunications providers or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms could adversely affect Sky’s businesses. 

Sky relies on various third-party telecommunications providers to deliver its video, broadband, voice and wireless phone services to its customers. For example, Sky relies on satellite transponder capacity leased from third parties to provide most of its video services. In addition, under the current regulatory regimes in the United Kingdom, Ireland and Italy, Sky accesses networks owned by third-party telecommunications providers to offer its broadband and phone services, in many cases, on regulated terms, including price. If there is a change in regulation in these markets, the regulated terms could become less favorable. Moreover, specific pricing terms of Sky’s wholesale fiber access are not regulated. As a result, if Sky is only able to enter into or renew its transmission agreements with satellite or telecommunications operators on less favorable terms, it would adversely affect Sky’s ability to compete, and if it is ultimately unable to do so on commercially viable terms or if these operators were to terminate their agreements, Sky may be unable to deliver certain of its services to customers in one or more of the markets in which it operates, which would adversely affect Sky’s businesses and results of operations.

Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others.

We rely on our intellectual property, such as patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties, to use various technologies, conduct our business operations and sell our products and services. Legal challenges to our intellectual property rights and claims of intellectual property infringement by third parties could require that we enter into royalty or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability, or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question, from importing into the United States or other jurisdictions in which we operate hardware or software that uses such intellectual property or from the continuation of our businesses as currently conducted. We may need to change our business practices if any of these events occur, which may limit our ability to compete effectively and could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Even if we believe any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can be time-consuming, costly to defend and may divert management’s attention and resources away from our businesses. Moreover, if we are unable to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from our vendors and other third parties on reasonable terms, our businesses could be adversely affected.

In addition, intellectual property constitutes a significant part of the value of NBCUniversal’s and Sky’s businesses, and their success is highly dependent on protecting the intellectual property rights of the content they create or acquire against third-party misappropriation, reproduction or infringement. The unauthorized reproduction, distribution or display of copyrighted material negatively affects our ability to generate revenue from the legitimate sale of our content, as well as from the sale of advertising in connection with our content, and increases our costs due to our active enforcement of our intellectual property rights.

Piracy and other unauthorized uses of content are made easier, and the enforcement of intellectual property rights more challenging, by technological advances that allow the conversion of programming, films and other content into digital formats, which facilitates the creation, transmission and sharing of high-quality unauthorized copies. In particular, piracy of programming and films through unauthorized distribution platforms continues to present challenges for NBCUniversal’s businesses, and certain entities may stream our broadcast television content illegally online without our consent and without paying us any compensation. It also presents similar challenges for Sky’s businesses, including as a result of illegal retransmission of sports events. While piracy is a challenge in the United States, it is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack developed copyright laws, effective enforcement of copyright laws and technical protective measures like those in effect in the United States. If any U.S. or international laws intended to combat piracy and protect intellectual property rights are repealed or weakened or are not adequately enforced, or if the legal system fails to adapt to new technologies that facilitate piracy, we may be unable to effectively protect our rights, the value of our intellectual property may be negatively impacted and our costs of enforcing our rights may increase.

27

Comcast 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

We may be unable to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support.

We depend on third-party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide certain of our products and services. Some of these vendors represent our primary source of supply or grant us the right to incorporate their intellectual property into some of our hardware and software products. While we monitor the operations and financial condition of key vendors in an attempt to detect any potential difficulties, there can be no assurance that we would timely identify any operating or financial difficulties associated with these vendors or that we could effectively mitigate our risks with respect to any such difficulties. If any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties or any other supply chain compliance-related issues, if our demand exceeds their capacity or if they breach or terminate their agreements with us or are otherwise unable to meet our specifications or provide the equipment, products or services we need in a timely manner (or at all), or at reasonable prices, our ability to provide some products or services may be adversely affected and we may incur additional costs.

Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments.

Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our competitors’ use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide them with a competitive advantage. New technologies can materially impact our businesses in a number of ways, including affecting the demand for our products, the distribution methods of our products and content to our customers, the ways in which our customers can purchase and view our content and the growth of distribution platforms available to advertisers. For example, current and new wireless internet technologies (including 4G and 5G wireless broadband services and 5G fixed wireless networks) continue to evolve rapidly and may allow for greater speed and reliability for those services as compared with prior technologies. In addition, some companies and U.S. municipalities are building advanced fiber-based networks that provide very fast internet access speeds. We expect advances in communications technology to continue to occur in the future. If we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. We also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the deployment of multigigabit symmetrical speeds by leveraging our DOCSIS 4.0 technology and the development and enhancement of various streaming platforms. There can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or to successfully compete in the future. We also may generate less revenue or incur increased costs if changes in our competitors’ product offerings require that we offer certain services or enhancements at a lower or no cost to our customers or that we increase our research and development expenditures.

A cyber attack, information or security breach, or technology disruption or failure may negatively impact our ability to conduct our business or result in the misuse of confidential information, all of which could adversely affect our business, reputation and results of operations.

Network and information systems and other technologies, including those that are related to our network management, customer service operations and programming delivery and are embedded in our products and services, are critical to our business activities. In the ordinary course of our business, there are constant attempts by third parties to cause systems-related events and security incidents and to identify and exploit vulnerabilities in security architecture and system design. These incidents include computer hackings, cyber attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, denial of service attacks, phishing attacks, malicious social engineering, and other malicious activities. Incidents also may be caused inadvertently by us or our third-party vendors, such as process breakdowns and vulnerabilities in security architecture or system design.

Cyber threats and attacks are constantly evolving and are growing in sophistication and frequency, which increases the difficulty of detecting and successfully defending against them. Some cyber attacks have had, and in the future can have, cascading impacts that unfold with increasing speed across networks, information systems and other technologies across the world and create latent vulnerabilities in our and third-party vendors’ systems and other technologies. Moreover, as we also obtain certain confidential, proprietary and personal information about our customers, personnel and vendors, and in some cases provide this information to third party vendors who agree to protect it, we face the risk that this information may become compromised through a cyber attack or data breach, misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information. Due to the nature of our businesses, we may be at a disproportionately heightened risk of these types of incidents occurring because we maintain certain information necessary to conduct our business in digital form. We also incorporate third-party software (including extensive open-source software), applications, and data hosting and cloud-based services into many aspects of our products, services and operations, as well as rely on service providers to help us perform our business operations, all of which expose us to cyber attacks on such third-party suppliers and service providers. 

Comcast 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K

28

Table of Contents

While we develop and maintain systems, and operate extensive programs that seek to prevent security incidents from occurring, these efforts are costly and must be constantly monitored and updated in the face of sophisticated and rapidly evolving attempts to overcome our security measures and protections. The occurrence of both intentional and unintentional incidents have in the past, and could in the future, cause a variety of potential adverse business impacts. These include degradation or disruption of our network, products and services, excessive call volume to call centers, theft or misuse of our intellectual property or other assets, disruption of the security of our internal systems, products, services or satellite transmission signals, power outages, and the compromise of confidential or technical business information or damage to our or our customers’ or vendors’ data, equipment and reputation. Moreover, the amount and scope of insurance we maintain against losses resulting from any of the foregoing events likely would not be sufficient to fully cover our losses or otherwise adequately compensate us for disruptions to our business that may result. In addition, any such events could lead to litigation or cause regulators in the United States and internationally to impose significant fines or other remedial measures, including with respect to relevant customer privacy rules, or otherwise have an adverse effect on our company. Despite our efforts, we expect that we will continue to experience such incidents in the future, and there can be no assurance that any such incident will not have an adverse effect on our business, reputation or results of operations.

Weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on our businesses.

A substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. Weak economic conditions in the United States, in Europe or globally could adversely affect demand for any of our products and services, including advertising, and have a negative impact on our results of operations. For example, weak economic conditions will likely impact our customers’ discretionary spending and as a result, they may reduce the level of services to which they subscribe or may discontinue subscribing to one or more of our services altogether. This risk may be increased by the expanded availability of free or lower cost competitive services, such as certain DTC streaming and other OTT services, or substitute services for broadband and voice services, such as wireless and public Wi-Fi networks. Weak economic conditions also negatively impact our advertising revenue, the performance of our films and home entertainment releases, and attendance and spending in our theme parks. In particular, the success of our theme parks and theatrical releases largely depends on consumer demand for out-of-home entertainment experiences, which may be limited by weakened economic conditions.

Weak economic conditions and disruptions in the global financial markets may impact our ability to obtain financing or to refinance existing debt on acceptable terms, if at all, could increase the cost of our borrowings and may increase our exposure to currency fluctuations in countries where we operate. Further, inflationary pressures in the United States, in Europe and globally may also have negative impacts on our cost structure and pricing models and may impact the ability of third parties (including advertisers, customers, suppliers, wholesale distributors, retailers and content creators, among others) to satisfy their obligations to us.

Acquisitions and other strategic initiatives present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that we had contemplated.

From time to time, we make acquisitions and investments and may pursue other strategic initiatives, such as Peacock. In connection with such acquisitions and strategic initiatives, we may incur significant or unanticipated expenses, fail to realize anticipated benefits and synergies, have difficulty incorporating an acquired or new line of business, disrupt relationships with current and new employees, customers and vendors, incur significant debt, divert the attention of management from our current operations, or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions or initiatives. These and other circumstances could also result in the impairment of goodwill and long-lived assets. Additionally, federal regulatory or antitrust agencies such as the FCC or DOJ or international regulators may impose restrictions on the operation of our businesses as a result of our seeking regulatory approvals for any significant acquisitions and strategic initiatives or may dissuade us from pursuing certain transactions. The occurrence of any of these events could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

29

Comcast 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

We face risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect our businesses.

We operate our businesses worldwide. There are risks inherent in doing business internationally, including global financial market turmoil; economic volatility and global economic slowdown; currency exchange rate fluctuations and inflationary pressures; political risks; requirements of local laws and customs relating to the publication and distribution of content and the display and sale of advertising; import or export restrictions, tariffs, sanctions and trade regulations; difficulties in developing, staffing and managing foreign operations; issues related to occupational safety and adherence to diverse local labor laws and regulations; and potentially adverse tax developments. Additionally, although we employ foreign currency derivative instruments to hedge certain exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risks, including the British pound, Euro and Japanese yen, the use of such derivative instruments may n
ot be sufficient to mitigate exchange rate fluctuations. Sky’s businesses in particular are also subject to risks relating to uncertainties and effects of the United Kingdom’s withdrawal from the European Union (referred to as “Brexit”), including financial, legal, tax and trade implications. In addition, doing business internationally subjects us to risks relating to political or social unrest, as well as corruption and government regulation, including U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, that impose stringent requirements on how we conduct our foreign operations. Moreover, foreign enforcement of laws and contractual rights in certain countries where we do busines
s can be inconsistent and unpredictable, which may affect our ability to enforce our rights or make investments that we believe otherwise make strategic sense. If any of these events occur or our conduct does not comply with such laws and regulations, our businesses may be adversely affected.

Natural disasters, severe weather and other uncontrollable events could adversely affect our business, reputation and results of operations.

Our services, products and properties are vulnerable to damage from the occurrence of certain events, including natural disasters, severe weather events such as hurricanes and wild fires, and a range of other unforeseeable events such as infectious disease outbreaks, including COVID-19, terrorist attacks or other similar events. Such events have in the past caused, and could in the future cause, a variety of adverse business impacts including degradation or disruption of our network, products and services, excessive call volume to call centers, a reduction in demand for our products, services and theme parks, disruption of our internal systems, products, services or satellite transmission signals, power outages, and damage to our or our customers’ or vendors’ equipment and properties. These events also may result in lost revenue and large expenditures to repair or replace damaged properties, products and services and could lead to litigation and fines, including if we inadvertently contributed to damages suffered by others. In addition, COVID-19 and corresponding governmental measures to prevent its spread across the globe have negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, our businesses. For example, as a result of COVID-19, we have at times temporarily closed our theme parks or operated them with capacity restrictions.

The amount and scope of insurance we maintain against losses resulting from these types of events likely would not be sufficient to fully cover our losses or otherwise adequately compensate us for disruptions to our business that may result. We expect that we will continue to experience some or all of these events in the future, and there can be no assurance that any such event will not have an adverse effect on our business, reputation or results of operations.

The loss of key management personnel or popular on-air and creative talent could have an adverse effect on our businesses.

We rely on certain key management personnel in the operation of our businesses. While we maintain long-term and emergency transition plans for key management personnel and believe we could either identify internal candidates or attract outside candidates to fill any vacancy created by the loss of any key management personnel, the loss of one or more of our key management personnel could have a negative impact on our businesses. 

In addition, NBCUniversal and Sky depend on the abilities and expertise of on-air and creative talent. If we fail to attract or retain on-air or creative talent, if the costs to attract or retain such talent increase materially, or if these individuals cause negative publicity or lose their current appeal, our businesses could be adversely affected.

Comcast 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K

30

Table of Contents

Risks Related to Legal, Regulatory and Governance Matters

We are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities, which impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses.

Our businesses are subject to various federal, state and local laws and regulations, with some also subject to international laws and regulations. In particular, the Communications Act and FCC regulations and policies affect significant aspects of our cable communications and broadcast businesses in the United States. 

Legislators and regulators at all levels of government frequently consider changing, and sometimes do change, existing statutes, rules or regulations, or interpretations of existing statutes, rules or regulations, or prescribe new ones, any of which may significantly affect our businesses and ability to effectively compete. These legislators and regulators, along with some state attorneys general and foreign governmental authorities, have been active in conducting inquiries and reviews regarding our services. State legislative and regulatory initiatives can create a patchwork of different and/or conflicting state requirements, such as with respect to privacy and Open Internet/net neutrality regulations, that can affect our businesses and ability to effectively compete. 

Legislative and regulatory activity has increased under the Biden Administration, particularly with respect to broadband networks. For example, Congress has approved tens of billions of dollars in new funding for broadband deployment and adoption initiatives, and may consider other proposals that address communications issues, including whether it should rewrite the entire Communications Act to account for changes in the communications marketplace and whether it should enact new, permanent Open Internet/net neutrality requirements. Federal agencies likewise may consider adopting new regulations for communications services, including broadband. States and localities are also increasingly proposing new regulations impacting communications services, including broader regulation of broadband networks. Any of these regulations could significantly affect our business and compliance costs. In addition, United States and foreign regulators and courts could adopt new interpretations of existing competition or antitrust laws or enact new competition or antitrust laws or regulatory tools that could negatively impact our businesses. Any future legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose additional restrictions on our businesses, some of which may be significant. We are unable to predict the outcome or effects of any of these potential actions or any other legislative or regulatory proposals on our businesses.

Failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could result in administrative enforcement actions, fines, and civil and criminal liability. Any changes to the legal and regulatory framework applicable to any of our services or businesses could have an adverse impact on our businesses and results of operations. For a more extensive discussion of the significant risks associated with the regulation of our businesses, see Item 1: Business and refer to the “Legislation and Regulation” discussion within that section.

Unfavorable litigation or governmental investigation results could require us to pay significant amounts or lead to onerous operating procedures.

We are subject from time to time to a number of lawsuits both in the United States and in foreign countries, including claims relating to competition, intellectual property rights (including patents), employment and labor matters, personal injury and property damage, free speech, customer privacy, regulatory requirements, advertising, marketing and selling practices, and credit and collection issues. Greater constraints on the use of arbitration to resolve certain of these disputes could adversely affect our business. We also spend substantial resources complying with various regulatory and government standards, including any related investigations and litigation. We may incur significant expenses defending any such suit or government charge and may be required to pay amounts or otherwise change our operations in ways that could adversely impact our businesses, results of operations or financial condition.

Labor disputes, whether involving employees or sports organizations, may disrupt our operations and adversely affect our businesses.

Many of NBCUniversal’s writers, directors, actors, technical and production personnel, as well as some of our on-air and creative talent employees, are covered by collective bargaining agreements or works councils. Most of NBCUniversal’s collective bargaining agreements are industry-wide agreements, and we may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of the agreements. If we are unable to reach agreement with a labor union before the expiration of a collective bargaining agreement, our employees who were covered by that agreement may have a right to strike or take other actions that could adversely affect us, which could disrupt our operations and reduce our revenue, and the resolution of any disputes may increase our costs. There can be no assurance that we will renew our collective bargaining agreements as they expire or that we can renew them on favorable terms or without any work stoppages.

31

Comcast 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

In addition, labor disputes in sports organizations with which we have programming rights agreements of varying scope and duration could have an adverse effect on our businesses.

Our Class B common stock has substantial voting rights and separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, and our Chairman and CEO has considerable influence over our company through his beneficial ownership of our Class B common stock.

Our Class B common stock has a non-dilutable 33
 1
/
3
% of the combined voting power of our Class A and Class B common stock. This non-dilutable voting power is subject to proportional decrease to the extent the number of shares of Class B common stock is reduced below 9,444,375, which was the number of shares of Class B common stock outstanding on the date of our 2002 acquisition of AT&T Corp.’s cable business, subject to adjustment in specified situations. Stock dividends payable on the Class B common stock in the form of Class B or Class A common stock do not decrease the non-dilutable voting power of the Class B common stock. The Class B common stock also has separate approval rights over several potentially material transactions, even if they are approved by our Board of Directors or by our other shareholders and even if they might be in the best interests of our other shareholders. These potentially material transactions include mergers or consolidations involving us, transactions (such as a sale of all or substantially all of our assets) or issuances of securities that require shareholder approval, transactions that result in any person or group owning shares representing more than 10% of the combined voting power of the resulting or surviving corporation, issuances of Class B common stock or securities exercisable or convertible into Class B common stock, and amendments to our articles of incorporation or by-laws that would limit the rights of holders of our Class B common stock. Brian L. Roberts, our chairman and CEO, beneficially owns all of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock and, accordingly, has considerable influence over our company and the potential ability to transfer effective control by selling the Class B common stock, which could be at a premium.