Our businesses currently face
a wide range of competition, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not compete effectively. 

All of our businesses operate in intensely competitive, consumer-driven and rapidly changing environments and compete with a growing number of companies that provide a broad range of communications products and
services and entertainment, news and information content to consumers. Technological changes are further intensifying and complicating the competitive landscape and influencing consumer behavior, which is discussed in the risk factor immediately
below in “Changes in consumer behavior driven by alternative methods for viewing content may adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models.” 

25

Comcast 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Competition for the cable services we offer consists primarily of companies that typically offer
features, pricing and packaging for services comparable to our video, high-speed Internet and voice services, such as DBS providers and phone companies with fiber-based networks. In 2015, AT&T, our largest phone company competitor, acquired
DirecTV, the nation’s largest DBS provider, which created an even larger competitor. 

Wireless Internet services, such as 4G
wireless broadband services and Wi-Fi networks, and devices such as wireless data cards, tablets and smartphones, and mobile wireless routers that connect to such devices, may compete with our high-speed Internet services. Our voice services
continue to face increased competition from wireless and Internet-based phone services as more consumers choose to replace their traditional wireline phone service with these phone services. 

There also continue to be new entrants, some with significant financial resources, that potentially may compete with our cable services. In
particular, Google, which has launched high-speed Internet and video services in a limited number of areas, has announced plans to expand in more areas, including in some of our significant markets. As Google expands to more areas, we expect it to
become a meaningful wireline competitor to our high-speed Internet and video services. In addition, some local municipalities are launching their own fiber-based high-speed Internet services. Companies that provide subscription video on demand
services over the Internet or the ability to download video programming continue to gain consumer acceptance. There can be no assurance that these or other newer entrants will not continue to launch similar services. 

Our cable communications business continues to seek ways enhance the value of our cable services network, such as by growing our high-speed
Internet and business services businesses and by launching additional services, such as our home security and automation services. There can be no assurance that we can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or
maintain our Cable Communications segment revenue, maintain our Cable Communications segment operating margin, or to compete successfully in the future. 

In addition, some of our phone company competitors have their own wireless facilities and may expand their service offerings to include bundled wireless offerings. Because we do not have our own wireless
facilities, our inability to provide a competitive wireless product as part of our bundled cable services offering could have an adverse effect on our competitive position, business and results of operations. 

Each of NBCUniversal’s businesses also faces substantial and increasing competition from providers of similar types of content, as well as
from other forms of entertainment and recreational activities. NBCUniversal must compete to obtain talent, programming and other resources required in operating these businesses. 

All of our businesses’ ability to compete effectively depends on our perceived image and reputation among our various constituencies,
including our customers, consumers, advertisers, investors and government authorities. Our ability to compete may be negatively affected if we do not provide our customers with a satisfactory customer experience. There can be no assurance that we
will be able to compete effectively against existing or new competitors or that competition will not have an adverse effect on our businesses. For a more detailed description of the competition facing our businesses, see Item 1: Business and
refer to the “Competition” discussion within that section. 

Changes in consumer behavior driven by alternative methods for
viewing content may adversely affect our businesses and challenge existing business models. 

Alternative products and services for
the distribution, sale and viewing of content have been, and will likely continue to be, developed that further increase the number of competitors that all our businesses face and challenge existing business models. These products and services are
also driving changes in consumer behavior as consumers seek more control over when, where and how they consume content and access communications services. 

Comcast 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K

26

Table of Contents

While our cable communications business is attempting to adapt to changing consumer behaviors, for
example, by deploying our X1 platform and Cloud DVR technology, products and services have emerged that compete with our video services, including those that offer subscription video on demand services or the ability to download content that can be
viewed on television sets, computers, smartphones and tablets. Some of these products and services charge no fee or a lower fee than our traditional video packages for access to their content, which adversely affects demand for our video services,
including for expanded digital video packages, premium networks, and our DVR and On Demand services. 

The increased availability of
these products and services, including some that also offer high-quality original video programming that is exclusive to that service, have contributed to an increased number of entertainment choices available to consumers, which intensifies
audience fragmentation. Additionally, the increased availability of DVRs and cloud-based recording services and video on demand services reduces the viewing of content through traditional linear television distribution outlets. Reduced viewing of
our content through traditional linear television distribution outlets has caused and will likely continue to cause audience ratings declines for NBCUniversal’s linear television content and may adversely affect the price and amount of
advertising that advertisers are willing to purchase from us and the amount NBCUniversal receives for distribution of its content. 

Additionally, several companies now offer smaller packages of channels directly to customers over the Internet at price points lower than our
standard packages, which could adversely affect demand for our video services and reduce the subscription revenue that our cable networks or broadcast television businesses receive from multichannel video providers. These smaller packages could also
cause our cable communications business to offer more customized programming packages that may be less profitable. 

The success of any
of these ongoing and future developments or our failure to effectively anticipate or adapt to emerging competitors or changes in consumer behavior, including among younger consumers, could have an adverse effect on our competitive position,
businesses and results of operations. 

A decline in advertisers’ expenditures or changes in advertising markets could negatively
impact our businesses. 

Our cable communications, cable networks and broadcast television businesses compete for the sale of
advertising time with other television networks and stations, as well as with all other advertising platforms, such as radio, print and, increasingly, digital media. We derive substantial revenue from the sale of advertising, and a decline in
expenditures by advertisers, including through traditional linear television distribution models, could negatively impact our results of operations. Declines can be caused by the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries, increased
competition for the leisure time of audiences and audience fragmentation, by the growing use of new technologies, or the economy in general. In addition, advertisers’ willingness to purchase advertising from us may be adversely affected by
lower audience ratings, which some of our networks have experienced and likely will continue to experience. Advertising sales and rates also are dependent on audience measurement methodologies and could be negatively affected if methodologies do not
accurately reflect actual viewership levels. For example, certain methods of viewing content, such as delayed viewing on DVRs or viewing content online, might not be counted in audience measurements or may generate less, if any, revenue than
traditional distribution methods, which could have an adverse effect on our advertising revenue. Reductions in advertisers’ expenditures could adversely affect our revenue and businesses. 

Our businesses depend on keeping pace with technological developments. 

Our success is, to a large extent, dependent on our ability to acquire, develop, adopt and leverage new and existing technologies, and our
competitors’ use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide 

27

Comcast 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

them with a competitive advantage. For example, some companies and municipalities are building advanced fiber-based networks that provide very fast Internet access speeds, and wireless Internet
technologies continue to evolve rapidly to allow for greater speed and reliability. We expect other advances in communications technology to occur in the future. If we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective or attractive to
consumers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to employ technologies desired by consumers before our competitors do so, or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our businesses and results of operations could be
adversely affected. We also will continue to incur additional costs as we execute our technology initiatives, such as the deployment of DOCSIS 3.1, X1 set-top boxes, wireless gateways and Cloud DVR technology, and there can be no assurance that we
can execute on these and other initiatives in a manner sufficient to grow or maintain our revenue or to compete successfully in the future. We also may incur increased costs if changes in the products and services that our competitors offer require
that we offer certain of our existing services or enhancements at a lower or no cost to our customers or that we make additional research and development expenditures. 

We are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities, which may impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses. 

Federal, state and local governments extensively regulate the video and voice services industry, and more recently, Internet services. We expect
that legislative enactments, court actions and regulatory proceedings will continue to clarify, and in some cases may adversely affect, the rights and obligations of cable operators and other entities under the Communications Act and other laws. Our
broadcast television business is also highly regulated by federal laws and regulations. Our cable networks, filmed entertainment and theme parks businesses are also subject to various other laws and regulations at the international, federal, state
and local levels, including laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, which have become more stringent over time, and the safety of consumer products and theme park operations. In addition, we are subject to the NBCUniversal Order
and the NBCUniversal Consent Decree, which have imposed numerous conditions on our businesses relating to the treatment of competitors and other matters. Failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could result in
administrative enforcement actions, fines, and civil and criminal liability. For a more extensive discussion of the significant risks associated with the regulation of our businesses, see Item 1, Business and refer to the “Legislation and
Regulation” discussion within that section. 

Changes to existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or
adoption of new ones, could have an adverse effect on our businesses. 

Legislators and regulators at all levels of government
frequently consider changing, and sometimes do change, existing statutes, rules, regulations, or interpretations thereof, or prescribe new ones, which may significantly affect our businesses. In addition, the FCC and certain states are becoming more
active in considering rulemakings and legislation, as well as in conducting inquiries and reviews, regarding our services. Any future legislative, judicial, regulatory or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose additional
restrictions on our businesses, some of which may be significant. For example, as more fully discussed in Item 1, Business – “Legislation and Regulation,” in 2015, the FCC adopted new open Internet regulations that reclassify
broadband Internet access service as a “telecommunications service,” making it subject to certain common carriage regulations under Title II of the Communications Act. This change could have a material adverse effect on our business and
results of operations. In addition, in 2015, the FCC adopted an order that preempted certain state laws that had restricted municipalities from operating municipally owned broadband networks. The FCC is also considering the appropriate regulatory
framework for VoIP service, including whether that service should be regulated under Title II. Accordingly, the legal and regulatory environment applicable to our businesses continues to intensify. Any changes to the legal and regulatory framework
applicable to any of our services or businesses could have a negative impact on our businesses and results of operations. 

Comcast 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K

28

Table of Contents

Programming expenses for our video services are increasing, which could adversely affect our Cable
Communications segment’s video business. 

We expect programming expenses for our video services to continue to be our Cable
Communications segment’s largest single expense item and to increase in the foreseeable future. The multichannel video provider industry has experienced continued increases in the cost of programming, especially sports programming, which we
expect will continue for the foreseeable future. Our programming expenses may also increase as we add programming to our video services or distribute existing programming to more of our customers or through additional delivery platforms, such as On
Demand or streaming services. Additionally, in the past few years, we have begun paying certain local broadcast television stations in exchange for their required consent for the retransmission of broadcast network programming to our video services
customers; we expect to continue to be subject to increasing demands for payment and other concessions from local broadcast television stations. These market factors may be exacerbated by increased consolidation in the media industry, which may
further increase our programming expenses. If we are unable to raise our customers’ rates or offset programming cost increases through the sale of additional services, the increasing cost of programming could have an adverse effect on our Cable
Communications segment’s results of operations. Moreover, as our contracts with content providers expire, there can be no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms or that they will be renewed at all, in which case we may be
unable to provide such content as part of our video services, and our businesses and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

NBCUniversal’s success depends on consumer acceptance of its content, and its businesses may be adversely affected if its content fails to
achieve sufficient consumer acceptance or the costs to create or acquire content increase. 

Most of NBCUniversal’s businesses
create and acquire media and entertainment content, the success of which depends substantially on consumer tastes and preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. The success of these businesses depends on our ability to consistently create,
acquire, market and distribute cable network and broadcast television programming, filmed entertainment, theme park attractions and other content that meet the changing preferences of the broad domestic and international consumer market. We have
invested, and will continue to invest, substantial amounts in our content, including in the production of original content on our cable networks and broadcast television networks, in our films and for theme park attractions, before learning the
extent to which it would earn consumer acceptance. 

We also obtain a significant portion of our content from third parties, such as
movie studios, television production companies, sports organizations and other suppliers. Competition for popular content, particularly for sports programming, is intense, and we may have to increase the price we are willing to pay or be outbid by
our competitors for popular content. Entering into or renewing contracts for such programming rights or acquiring additional rights may result in significantly increased costs. Particularly with respect to long-term contracts for sports programming
rights, our results of operations and cash flows over the term of a contract depend on a number of factors, including the strength of the advertising market, our audience size, and the ability to secure distribution from and impose surcharges or
obtain carriage on, multichannel video providers for the content and the timing and amount of our rights payments. There can be no assurance that revenue from these contracts will exceed our costs for the rights, as well as the other costs of
producing and distributing the programming. If our content does not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, or if we cannot obtain or retain rights to popular content on acceptable terms, or at all, our businesses may be adversely affected.

The loss of NBCUniversal’s programming distribution agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms,
could adversely affect its businesses. 

Our cable networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain distribution agreements
with multichannel video providers. Our broadcast television networks depend on their ability to secure and maintain network affiliation agreements with third-party local broadcast television stations in the markets where we do not own the affiliated
local broadcast television station. In addition, every three years, each of our owned local broadcast television stations must elect, with respect to its retransmission by multichannel video providers within its

29

Comcast 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

DMA, either “must-carry” status, in which the distributor’s carriage of the station is mandatory and does not generate any compensation for the local station, or
“retransmission consent,” in which the station gives up its right to mandatory carriage and instead seeks to negotiate the terms and conditions of carriage with the distributor, including the amount of compensation, if any, paid to the
station by such distributor. All of our NBC and Telemundo owned local broadcast television stations have elected retransmission consent through December 31, 2017. Increasingly, our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment
businesses have entered into agreements to license their prior season and library content on other distribution platforms, including subscription video on demand services, and some multichannel video providers are offering smaller packages of
channels as part of their streaming and linear television programming packages. In addition, certain online entities may stream our broadcast television content online without our consent and without paying any compensation to us. As a result, there
can be no assurance that any of our distribution agreements will be renewed in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. The loss of any of these agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could reduce our distribution
revenue and the reach of our television programming and its attractiveness to advertisers, which in turn could adversely affect our cable networks, broadcast television and filmed entertainment businesses. 

We rely on network and information systems and other technologies, as well as key properties, and a disruption, cyber attack, failure or
destruction of such networks, systems, technologies or properties may disrupt our businesses. 

Network and information systems and
other technologies, including those related to our network management, customer service operations and programming delivery, are critical to our business activities. Network and information systems-related events, including those caused by us or by
third parties, such as computer hackings, cyber attacks, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns, denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any
combination of the foregoing, or power outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks or other similar events, could result in a degradation or disruption of our services, excessive call volume to call centers or damage to our equipment, data and