All of the
services offered by our cable systems face a wide range of competition that could adversely affect our future results of operations. 

Our cable systems compete with a number of different sources that provide news, information and entertainment programming to consumers. We compete
directly with other program distributors, including satellite companies, telephone companies, companies that build competing cable systems in the same communities we serve, and companies that offer programming and other communications services to
our subscribers and potential subscribers, including high-speed Internet and IP-enabled phone. This competition may adversely affect our business and operations materially in the future. 

Programming costs are increasing, which could adversely affect our future results of operations. 

We expect our programming costs to continue to be our largest single expense
item in the foreseeable future. In recent years, the cable and satellite video industries have experienced a rapid increase in the cost of 

18 

Table of Contents

programming. If we are unable to raise our subscribers’ rates or offset such programming cost increases through the sale of additional services, the
increasing cost of programming could have an adverse impact on our operating results. In addition, as we add programming to our video services, we may face increased programming costs that, in conjunction with the additional pricing constraints, may
reduce operating margins. 

We also expect to be subject to
increasing demands by broadcasters in exchange for their required consent for the retransmission of broadcast programming to our subscribers. We cannot predict the impact of these demands or the effect on our business and operations should we fail
to obtain the required consents. 

We are subject to regulation by federal,
state and local governments, which may impose costs and restrictions. 

Federal, state and local governments extensively regulate the cable industry and the circuit-switched phone services industry and may begin regulating the Internet services industry. We expect that legislative
enactments, court actions and regulatory proceedings will continue to clarify and in some cases change the rights and obligations of cable companies and other entities under the Communications Act and other laws, possibly in ways that we have not
foreseen. Congress considers new legislative requirements potentially affecting our businesses virtually every year, and a significant initiative to update the Communications Act began in 2005 and is expected to continue in 2006. The results of
these legislative, judicial and administrative actions may materially affect our business operations. Local authorities grant us franchises that permit us to operate our cable systems. We have to renew or renegotiate these franchises from time to
time. Local franchising authorities often demand concessions or other commitments as a condition to renewal or transfer, and such concessions or other commitments could be costly to us in the future. In addition, we could be materially disadvantaged
if we remain subject to legal constraints that do not apply equally to our competitors, such as if local telephone companies that provide video programming services are not subject to the local franchising requirements and other requirements that
apply to us. 

We may face increased competition because of technological
advances and new regulatory requirements, which could adversely affect our future results of operations. 

The ILECs are building wireline fiber-optic networks to provide video services in substantial portions of their service areas (and have begun to offer
this service in limited areas), in addition to marketing DBS service in certain areas. In addition, the ILECs and other companies offer DSL service, which provides Internet access to subscribers at data transmission speeds substantially greater than
that of conventional analog modems. We expect other advances in communications technology, as well as changes in the marketplace, to occur in the future. Other new technologies and services may develop and may compete with services that cable
systems offer. The success of these ongoing and future developments could have an adverse effect on our business operations. Moreover, in recent years, Congress has enacted legislation and the FCC has adopted regulatory policies intended to provide
a favorable operating environment for existing competitors and for potential new competitors to our cable systems. 

We face risks arising from the outcome of various litigation matters, including litigation associated with the Broadband acquisition. 

We are involved in various litigation matters, including those arising in
the ordinary course of business and those described under the caption “Legal Proceedings” in Item 3 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Among these matters is litigation associated with the Broadband acquisition and for which
AT&T controls the defense of the litigation. While we do not believe that any of these litigation matters alone or in the aggregate will have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, an adverse outcome in one or more of
these matters could be material to our consolidated results of operations for any one period. Further, no assurance can be given that any adverse outcome would not be material to our consolidated financial position. 

19 

Table of Contents

Acquisitions and other strategic transactions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic
goals that were contemplated at the time of any transaction. 

From time to time we have made acquisitions and have entered into other strategic transactions. For example, in April 2005 we entered into agreements with Time Warner to jointly acquire substantially all the assets of Adelphia; in April
2005 we acquired a 20% interest in MGM; in October 2005 we agreed to buy the cable systems of Susquehanna Communications; and in November 2005 we entered into a joint venture with Sprint, Time Warner Cable, Cox and Advance/Newhouse to develop
products using wireless technology. In connection with acquisitions and other strategic transactions we may incur unanticipated expenses, fail to realize anticipated benefits, have difficulty incorporating the acquired businesses, disrupt
relationships with current and new employees, customers and vendors, incur significant indebtedness, or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions. These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

Our Chairman and CEO has
considerable influence over our operations. 

Brian L.
Roberts has significant control over our operations through his beneficial ownership of all of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock, which have a nondilutable 33 1

/
3
% of the combined voting power of our common stock and separate approval rights over certain material transactions involving us.