Our businesses currently face a wide range of competition, and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected if we do not
compete effectively. 

All of our businesses operate in intensely competitive industries and compete with a growing number of
companies that provide a broad range of news and entertainment programming and information and communication services to consumers. 

While competition for the cable services we offer consists primarily of DBS operators and phone companies, we also directly compete against other
providers of traditional cable services, including companies that build competing cable systems in the same communities that we serve and SMATV systems, as well as other companies that offer programming and other communications services, including
high-speed Internet and phone services, to our customers and potential customers. Recently, companies have emerged that offer Internet video streaming and downloading of movies, television shows and other video programming, some of which charge a
nominal or no fee for access. Phone companies have expanded their service areas in recent years, which now overlap a substantial portion of our service areas. Some of our phone company competitors have their own wireless phone facilities, which we
do not have, and have expanded or may expand their cable service offerings to include wireless offerings, which may adversely affect our growth, business and results of operations. In addition, in 2010, DBS operators and phone companies continued to
add features and adopt aggressive pricing and packaging for services that are comparable to the cable services we offer. In recent years, Congress and various states have enacted legislation and the FCC has adopted regulatory policies that have had
the effect of providing a more favorable operating environment for some of our existing and potential new competitors. In addition, while we continue to seek ways to enhance and expand our existing cable products and services, such as by employing
addressable advertising and offering our cable services to business customers, there can be no assurance that we can execute on these enhancements or expansions in a manner sufficient to grow our businesses or compete successfully in the future.

Each of NBCUniversal’s businesses also faces substantial and increasing competition from alternative providers of similar types of
content, as well as from other forms of entertainment and recreational activities. We must compete to obtain talent, programming and other resources required in operating NBCUniversal’s businesses. For example, our cable programming and
broadcast networks and owned local television stations compete for viewers with other cable networks, broadcast networks and television stations, as well as with other forms of content available in the home, such as video games, DVDs and websites,
and they also compete for the sale of advertising time with other cable networks,
broad-

cast networks and television stations, as well as with all other advertising platforms, such as radio stations, print media and websites. In addition, our cable programming networks compete with
other cable networks and programming providers for carriage of their programming by MVPDs. NBCUniversal’s filmed entertainment business competes with other film studios and independent producers for sources of financing for the production of
its films, for the exhibition of its films in theaters and for shelf space in retail stores for its DVDs and also competes for consumers with other film producers and distributors and all other forms of entertainment inside and outside the home.

In addition, our ability to compete effectively is in part dependent on our perceived image and reputation among our various
constituencies, including our customers, consumers, advertisers, investors and governmental authorities. There can be no assurance that we will be able to compete effectively in the future against existing or new competitors or that competition will
not have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

Changes in technology and consumer behavior may
adversely affect our businesses and results of operations. 

New technologies have been, and will likely continue to be, developed
that further increase the number of competitors we face for our cable services, our cable distribution and programming advertising businesses and NBCUniversal’s businesses. For example, new services and technologies that may compete with our
video services include online services and devices that offer Internet video streaming and downloading of movies, television shows and other video programming that can be viewed on television sets, as well as wireless and other emerging mobile
technologies that provide for the distribution and viewing of video programming. Some of these services charge a nominal or no fee for access to their content, which could adversely affect our cable programming and broadcast businesses. The success
of these new services and technologies also could negatively impact the demand for our video services, including for our advanced, premium and On Demand services. Moreover, changes in the products and services that our competitors offer may require
that we offer certain of our existing services or enhancements at a lower or no cost to our customers. Further, the increasing number of choices available to our customers could adversely affect advertisers’ willingness to purchase advertising
from us. In addition, newer services in wireless Internet technology, such as 3G and 4G wireless broadband services, may compete with our high-speed Internet services, and our phone services are facing increased competition from wireless and
Internet-based phone services as more people choose to replace their traditional wireline phone service with these phone services. The success of any of these ongoing and future developments may have an adverse effect on our business and results of
operations. 

Comcast 2010 Annual Report on Form 10-K

24

Table of Contents

 Moreover, the use of certain types of technology and equipment may provide our competitors with a
competitive advantage. For example, in some cases, phone companies are using IP technology to provide video services in substantial portions of their service areas, and wireless Internet technologies continue to evolve. We expect other advances in
communications technology, as well as changes in the marketplace, to occur in the future. If we choose technology or equipment that is not as effective, cost-efficient or attractive to customers as that employed by our competitors, if we fail to
employ technologies desired by our customers before our competitors do so or if we fail to execute effectively on our technology initiatives, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

New technologies also are affecting consumer behavior in ways that may have a negative impact on revenue for our programming content. For example,
the increased availability of DVRs and video programming on the Internet, as well as increased access to various media through mobile devices, have the potential to reduce the viewing of our content through traditional distribution outlets. Some of
these new technologies also give consumers greater flexibility to watch programming on a time-delayed or on-demand basis or to fast-forward or skip advertisements within our programming, which may adversely impact the advertising revenue we receive.
Delayed viewing and advertising skipping have the potential to become more common as the penetration of DVRs increases and content becomes increasingly available via Internet sources. Changes in technology, distribution platforms and consumer
behavior could have an adverse effect on our businesses and results of operations. 

Programming expenses for our video services are
increasing, which could adversely affect our future results of operations. 

We expect programming expenses for our video services to
continue to be our largest single expense item in the foreseeable future. The MVPD industry has continued to experience an increase in the cost of programming, especially sports programming. In addition, as we add programming to our video services
or distribute existing programming to more of our customers, we incur increased programming expenses. We also expect to be subject to increasing demands, including demands for cash payments and other concessions, by broadcasters in exchange for
their required consent for the retransmission of broadcast programming to our customers. If we are unable to raise our customers’ rates or offset such programming cost increases through the sale of additional services, the increasing cost of
programming could have an adverse impact on our results of operations. Moreover, as our programming contracts and retransmission consents with programming providers expire, there can be no assurance that they will be renewed on acceptable terms
or that they will be renewed at all, in which case we may be unable to provide such programming as part of our video services

and our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

As a
result of the NBCUniversal transaction, our businesses are subject to the conditions set forth in the NBCUniversal Order and the NBCUniversal Consent Decree, and there can be no assurance that these conditions will not have an adverse effect on our
businesses and results of operations. 

In connection with the NBCUniversal transaction, the NBCUniversal Order and the NBCUniversal
Consent Decree incorporated numerous commitments and voluntary conditions made by the parties and imposed numerous conditions on our businesses relating to the treatment of competitors and other matters. Among other things, (i) we are required
to make certain of our cable, broadcast and film programming available to bona fide online video distributors under certain conditions, and they may invoke commercial arbitration to determine what programming must be made available and the price,
terms and conditions that apply; (ii) multichannel video providers may invoke commercial arbitration to determine the price, terms and conditions for access to our broadcast stations, cable networks and regional sports networks; (iii) we
are prohibited from discriminating against cable programming networks on the basis of their non-affiliation in the selection, terms or conditions for carriage, under a standard that is comparable to existing law; (iv) we must comply with the
FCC’s open Internet rules regardless of whether these rules are invalidated in court or otherwise rescinded, and those rules will apply to any set-top box we provide that enables a customer to receive high-speed Internet services; (v) we
must satisfy various other conditions relating to our high-speed Internet services, including deploying broadband to certain unserved areas, implementing a program to improve high-speed Internet adoption among lower-income households, offering all
our customers a “stand-alone” high-speed Internet service, and maintaining a high-speed Internet service of at least 12 megabits per second across most of our footprint; and (vi) we must renew our distribution agreement with Hulu if
the two other broadcast network owners of Hulu also renew their agreements, and we must relinquish all voting rights and our board seat in Hulu. These and other conditions and commitments relating to the NBCUniversal transaction are of varying
duration, ranging from three to seven years. Although we cannot predict how the conditions will be administered or what effects they will have on our businesses, we do not expect them to have a material adverse effect on our business or results of
operations. There can be no assurance, however, that there will not be any legal challenges to the NBCUniversal Consent Decree. 

We
are subject to regulation by federal, state, local and foreign authorities, which may impose additional costs and restrictions on our businesses. 

Federal, state and local governments extensively regulate the video services industry and may increase the regulation of the Internet service and VoIP digital phone service industries. We expect that

25

Comcast 2010 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

legislative enactments, court actions and regulatory proceedings will continue to clarify, and in some cases adversely affect, the rights and obligations of cable operators and other entities
under the Communications Act and other laws. 

In addition, local franchising authorities grant us franchises that permit us to operate
our cable systems. We have to renew or renegotiate these franchises from time to time. Local franchising authorities often demand concessions or other commitments as a condition of renewal or transfer, and these concessions or other commitments
could be costly to us. In addition, we could be disadvantaged if we remain subject to legal constraints that do not apply equally to our competitors, such as if phone companies that provide video services are not subject to the local franchising
requirements and other requirements that apply to us. For example, the FCC has adopted rules and several states have enacted legislation to ease the franchising process and reduce franchising burdens for new entrants. See “Legislation and
Regulation — Cable Services — Video Services — Franchising” above for additional information. 

The television
broadcasting and content distribution industries in the United States also are highly regulated by federal laws and regulations. For example, NBCUniversal’s owned local television stations may be adversely affected by recent proposals to
reallocate spectrum for broadband capability that is currently available for television broadcasters. As a result of the NBCUniversal transaction, our businesses are also subject to various other laws and regulations at the international, federal,
state and local levels, including laws and regulations relating to environmental protection, which have become more stringent over time, and the safety of consumer products and theme park operations, which may have an adverse effect on our
businesses and results of operations. 

Failure to comply with the laws and regulations applicable to our businesses could result in
administrative enforcement actions, fines and civil and criminal liability. In addition, Congress is constantly considering new legislative requirements, as are various regulatory agencies such as the FCC, which could potentially affect our
businesses. Any future legislative, judicial or administrative actions may increase our costs or impose additional restrictions on our businesses, which could materially affect our results of operations. For a more detailed discussion of the risks
associated with the regulation of all of our businesses, see “Legislation and Regulation” above. 

Weak economic conditions
may have a negative impact on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Weak economic conditions, including a weak housing
market, persisted during 2010. A substantial portion of our revenue comes from customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. To the extent these weak economic conditions continue, customers may reduce the
advanced or premium services to which they subscribe, or may

discontinue subscribing to one or more of our cable services. This risk may be increased by the expanded availability of free or lower cost competitive services, such as video streaming over the
Internet, or substitute services, such as wireless phones. The weak economy negatively affected our net cable services customer additions during 2010. Moreover, weak economic conditions may have a negative impact on the advertising revenue of our
cable and programming businesses. Weak economic conditions could also reduce prices that MVPDs pay for our cable television programming and has reduced and could continue to reduce the performance of our theatrical and home entertainment releases
and attendance and spending for our theme parks business. If these weak economic conditions continue or deteriorate, our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

A decline in advertising expenditures or changes in advertising markets could negatively impact our results of operations. 

Our cable distribution, cable programming and broadcast businesses derive substantial revenue from the sale of advertising on a variety of
platforms, and a decline in advertising expenditures could negatively impact our results of operations. Declines can be caused by the economic prospects of specific advertisers or industries, by increased competition for the leisure time of
audiences and audience fragmentation, by the growing use of new technologies, or by the economy in general, causing advertisers to alter their spending priorities based on these or other factors. In addition, advertisers’ willingness to
purchase advertising may be adversely affected by lower audience ratings for our television programming. Changes in the advertising industry also could adversely affect the advertising revenue of our cable programming and broadcast networks. For
example, we rely on Nielsen ratings and Nielsen’s audience measurement techniques to measure the popularity of our content. A change in such measurement techniques or the introduction of new techniques could negatively impact the advertising
revenue we receive. Further, natural disasters, wars, acts of terrorism or other significant adverse news events could lead to a reduction in advertising expenditures as a result of uninterrupted news coverage and general economic uncertainty.
Reductions in advertising expenditures could negatively impact our results of operations. 

NBCUniversal’s success depends on
consumer acceptance of its content, which is difficult to predict, and our results of operations may be adversely affected if our content fails to achieve sufficient consumer acceptance or our costs to acquire content increase. 

Most of NBCUniversal’s businesses create media and entertainment content, the success of which depends substantially on consumer tastes and
preferences that change in often unpredictable ways. The success of these businesses depends on our ability to consistently create, acquire, market and distribute programming, filmed entertainment, theme park attractions and

Comcast 2010 Annual Report on Form 10-K

26

Table of Contents

other content that meet the changing preferences of the broad domestic and international consumer market. NBCUniversal historically has invested substantial amounts in its content, including in
the production of original content, before learning the extent to which it would earn consumer acceptance. We intend to continue to invest significantly in this area. In addition, we obtain a significant portion of our content from third parties,
such as movie studios, television production companies, sports organizations and other suppliers. Competition for popular content is intense, and we may be forced to increase the price we are willing to pay or be outbid by our competitors for
popular content. Renewing our contract rights or acquiring additional rights may result in significantly increased costs. If our content does not achieve sufficient consumer acceptance, or if we cannot obtain or retain rights to popular content on
acceptable terms, or at all, our results of operations may be adversely affected. In addition, poor theatrical performance of a film may require us to reduce our estimate of revenue from that film, which would accelerate the amortization of
capitalized film costs and could result in a significant write-off, and may adversely affect multiple reporting periods. 

The loss of
our programming distribution agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could adversely affect our business. 

Our cable programming networks depend on the maintenance of distribution agreements with multichannel video providers. Our broadcast networks depend on the maintenance of network affiliation agreements with
third-party local television stations in the markets where we do not own our local television stations. In addition, every three years, each of our owned local television stations must elect, with respect to its retransmission by multichannel video
providers within its DMA, either “must-carry” status, pursuant to which the distributor’s carriage of the station is mandatory and does not generate any compensation for the local station, or “retransmission consent,”
pursuant to which the station gives up its right to mandatory carriage and instead seeks to negotiate the terms and conditions of carriage with the distributor, including the amount of compensation (if any) paid to the station by such distributor.
In the course of renewing distribution agreements with multichannel video providers, we may enter into retransmission consent agreements on behalf of our owned local television stations. All of our NBC affiliated owned local television stations have
elected the retransmission consent option, while our owned Telemundo affiliated stations have elected must-carry or retransmission consent depending on circumstances. There can be no assurance that any of the foregoing agreements will be renewed in
the future on acceptable terms, or at all. The loss of any of these agreements, or the renewal of these agreements on less favorable terms, could reduce the reach of our television programming and its attractiveness to advertisers, which in turn
could adversely affect our business. 

 Sales of DVDs have been declining. 

Several factors, including weak economic conditions, the maturation of the standard-definition DVD format, piracy and intense competition for
consumer discretionary spending and leisure time, are contributing to an industry-wide decline in DVD sales both in the United States and internationally, which has had an adverse effect on NBCUniversal’s results of operations. DVD sales have
also been adversely affected by an increasing shift by consumers toward subscription rental, discount rental kiosks and digital forms of entertainment, such as on-demand services, which generate less revenue per transaction than DVD sales. Media and
entertainment industries face a challenge in managing the transition from physical to electronic formats in a manner that generates sufficient revenue to maintain historical profits and growth. There can be no assurance that DVD wholesale prices and
sales volumes can be maintained at current levels due to aggressive retail pricing and the consumer transition to digital and lower-priced rental services. 

We rely on network and information systems and other technology, as well as key properties, and a disruption, failure or destruction of such networks, systems, technology or properties may disrupt our business.

Network and information systems and other technologies, including those related to our network management, customer service
operations and programming delivery, are critical to our business activities. Network and information systems-related events, such as computer hackings, computer viruses, worms or other destructive or disruptive software, process breakdowns,
denial of service attacks, malicious social engineering or other malicious activities, or any combination of the foregoing, or power outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks or other similar events, could result in a degradation or disruption
of our services, excessive call volume to call centers or damage to our properties, equipment and data. These events also could result in large expenditures to repair or replace the damaged properties, networks or information systems or to protect
them from similar events in the future. Moreover, the amount and scope of insurance we maintain against losses resulting from these events may not be sufficient to cover our losses or otherwise adequately compensate us for any disruptions to our
businesses that may result. Further, any security breaches, such as misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification or accidental release or loss of information maintained in our information technology systems and networks, including customer,
personnel and vendor data, could damage our reputation and require us to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach. The occurrence of any such network or information systems-related events or security breaches
could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

27

Comcast 2010 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 We may be unable to obtain necessary hardware, software and operational support. 

We depend on third party vendors to supply us with a significant amount of the hardware, software and operational support necessary to provide
certain of our services. Moreover, some of these vendors represent our primary source of supply or grant us the right to incorporate their intellectual property into some of our hardware and software products. While we actively monitor the
operations and financial condition of key vendors in an attempt to detect any potential difficulties, there can be no assurance that we would timely identify any operating or financial difficulties associated with these vendors or that we could
effectively mitigate our risks with respect to any such difficulties. If any of these vendors experience operating or financial difficulties or if demand exceeds their capacity or they otherwise cannot meet our specifications, our ability to
provide some services may be materially adversely affected, in which case our business, results of operations and financial condition may be adversely affected. 

Our businesses depend on using and protecting certain intellectual property rights and on not infringing the intellectual property rights of others. 

We rely on our patents, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, as well as licenses and other agreements with our vendors and other third parties,
to use various technologies, conduct our operations and sell our products and services. Legal challenges to our intellectual property rights and claims of intellectual property infringement by third parties could require that we enter into royalty
or licensing agreements on unfavorable terms, incur substantial monetary liability or be enjoined preliminarily or permanently from further use of the intellectual property in question or from the continuation of our businesses as currently
conducted, which could require us to change our business practices or limit our ability to compete effectively or could have an adverse effect on our results of operations. Even if we believe any such challenges or claims are without merit, they can
be time-consuming and costly to defend and divert management’s attention and resources away from our businesses. Moreover, if we are unable to obtain or continue to obtain licenses from our vendors and other third parties on reasonable terms,
our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

In addition, NBCUniversal’s intellectual property constitutes
a significant part of its value, and the success of its businesses is highly dependent on protecting its intellectual property rights in the content it creates or acquires against third-party misappropriation, reproduction or infringement. The
unauthorized reproduction, distribution or display of copyrighted material negatively affects our ability to generate revenue from the legitimate sale of our content, as well as from the sale of advertising on our content, and increases our costs
due to our active enforcement of protecting our intellectual property rights. Piracy and other unauthorized uses of content are made easier, and the enforcement of intellectual property rights more challenging, by technological advances
allow-

ing the conversion of programming, films and other content into digital formats, which facilitates the creation, transmission and sharing of high-quality unauthorized copies. In particular,
piracy of programming and films through unauthorized distribution on DVDs, peer-to-peer computer networks and other platforms continues to present challenges for our cable programming and broadcast networks and filmed entertainment businesses. While
piracy is a challenge in the United States, it is particularly prevalent in many parts of the world that lack developed copyright laws, effective enforcement of copyright laws and technical protective measures like those in effect in the United
States. Any repeal or weakening of laws or enforcement in the United States or internationally that are intended to combat piracy and protect intellectual property rights, or a failure of existing laws to adapt to new technologies, could make it
more difficult for us to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, negatively impacting their value or increasing the costs of enforcing our rights. See “Legislation and Regulation — Other Areas — Intellectual Property and
Piracy” above for additional information. 

Labor disputes, whether involving our own employees or sports leagues, may disrupt
our operations and adversely affect our business. 

Many of NBCUniversal’s employees, including writers, directors, actors,
technical and production personnel and others, as well as some of our on-air and creative talent, are covered by collective bargaining agreements or works councils. If we are unable to reach agreement with a labor union before the expiration of a
collective bargaining agreement, our employees who were covered by that agreement may have a right to strike or take other actions that could adversely affect us. Moreover, many of NBCUniversal’s collective bargaining agreements are
industry-wide agreements, and we may lack practical control over the negotiations and terms of the agreements. A labor dispute involving our employees may result in work stoppages or disrupt our operations and reduce our revenue, and resolution of
disputes may increase our costs. For example, a Writers Guild of America strike in 2007-2008 disrupted NBCUniversal’s ability to produce scripted television programming, causing viewership levels and ratings to decline, which resulted in lower
U.S. advertising revenue for the NBC Network. There can be no assurance that we will renew our collective bargaining agreements as they expire or that we can renew them on favorable terms or without any work stoppages. 

In addition, our cable programming networks, our regional sports networks, and our broadcast networks have programming rights agreements of varying
scope and duration with various sports leagues and associations to broadcast and produce sporting events, including certain NFL, NHL and National Basketball Association (“NBA”) games. Labor disputes in these and other sports leagues or
associations could have an adverse impact on our businesses, revenue and results of operations. The current collective bargaining agreement with both the NFL and the NBA players’ union expire at the end of their respective 2010-2011

Comcast 2010 Annual Report on Form 10-K

28

Table of Contents

seasons. collective bargaining agreement with the NBA’s players’ union expires following the end of the 2010-2011 season. Our programming rights agreement with the NFL requires us to
make significant payments to the NFL, and, at the NFL’s option, we may be required to make these payments even if the NFL does not play all or part of a season during the term of our agreement because of a player strike or lockout. In the
absence of a timely agreement, protracted negotiations could result in a player strike or lockout, in which case the number of NFL games that we broadcast, and our revenue from those broadcasts, may be reduced. Although the NFL would be required to
credit or refund the rights fee attributable to the lost games to us (in addition to paying interest and out-of-pocket production costs) if all or part of an NFL season is canceled, it would have the right to apportion the credit or refund
throughout the remaining term of our agreement, potentially all in the final year of the term. The timing of such payments and refunds could have an impact on our cash flows during the relevant period. In addition, any labor disputes that occur in
any sports league or association for which we have the rights to broadcast live games or events may preclude us from airing or otherwise distributing scheduled games or events, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations.

We face risks arising from the outcome of various litigation matters. 

We are subject to various legal proceedings and claims, including those referred to in “Legal Proceedings” and those arising in the
ordinary course of business, including regulatory and administrative proceedings, claims and audits. While we do not expect the final disposition of any of these litigation matters will have a material effect on our financial condition, an adverse
outcome in one or more of these matters could be material to our consolidated results of operations and cash flows for any one period, and any litigation resulting from any such legal proceedings could be time-consuming, costly and injure our
reputation. Further, no assurance can be given that any adverse outcome would not be material to our financial condition.

Acquisitions and other strategic transactions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals that were
contemplated at the time of any transaction, including the NBCUniversal transaction. 

From time to time we make acquisitions and
investments and enter into other strategic transactions. In connection with acquisitions and other strategic transactions, we may incur unanticipated expenses, fail to realize anticipated benefits, have difficulty incorporating the acquired
businesses, disrupt relationships with current and new employees, customers and vendors, incur significant indebtedness, or have to delay or not proceed with announced transactions. The occurrence of any of the foregoing events could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

 In particular, the NBCUniversal transaction involves the integration of the Comcast Content Business
with NBCUniversal’s businesses, as well as the integration of NBCUniversal’s businesses with our cable distribution and other businesses. We, as well as NBCUniversal, will be required to devote significant management attention and
resources to continue integrating these businesses. Challenges involved in the integration include successfully integrating each company’s operations, technologies and content, and combining corporate cultures, maintaining employee morale and
retaining key employees. There can be no assurance that we can successfully integrate these businesses or succeed in the highly competitive media industry. Moreover, there can be no assurance that NBCUniversal will be able to generate strong cash
flows or favorable financial returns. 

The loss of key management personnel or popular on-air and creative talent could have a
negative impact on our business.

We rely on certain key management personnel in the operation of our businesses. While we
maintain long-term and emergency transition plans for key management personnel and believe we could either identify internal candidates or attract outside candidates to fill any vacancy created by the loss of any key management personnel, the loss
of one or more of our key management personnel could have a negative impact on our business. In addition, NBCUniversal’s businesses depend on the continued efforts, abilities and expertise of its on-air and creative talent. If we fail to
retain our on-air or creative talent, if the costs to retain such talent increase materially, if we need to make significant termination payments, or if these individuals lose their current appeal, our business could be adversely affected.

We face risks relating to doing business internationally that could adversely affect our business. 

Our operation of businesses worldwide increased substantially as a result of the NBCUniversal transaction. There are risks inherent in doing
business internationally, including economic volatility and the global economic slowdown, currency exchange rate fluctuations and inflationary pressures, the requirements of local laws and customs relating to the publication and distribution of
content and the display and sale of advertising, import or export restrictions and changes in trade regulations, difficulties in developing, staffing and managing foreign operations, issues related to occupational safety and adherence to diverse
local labor laws and regulations, potentially adverse tax developments, political or social unrest, corruption and risks related to government regulation. If these risks come to pass, our business may be adversely affected.

29

Comcast 2010 Annual Report on Form 10-K

Table of Contents

 Our Class B common stock has substantial voting rights and separate approval rights over several
potentially material transactions, and our Chairman and CEO has considerable influence over our operations through his beneficial ownership of our Class B common stock.

Our Class B common stock has a nondilutable 33
 1

/
3

% of the combined voting power of our Class A and Class B common stock. This nondilutable voting power is subject to proportional decrease to the extent the number of shares of Class B common stock is
reduced below 9,444,375, which was the number of shares of Class B common stock outstanding on the date of our 2002 acquisition of AT&T Corp.’s cable business, subject to adjustment in specified situations. Stock dividends payable on the
Class B common stock in the form of Class B or Class A Special common stock do not decrease the nondilutable voting power of the Class B common stock. The Class B common stock also has separate approval rights over several potentially
material transactions, even if they are approved by our Board of Directors or by our other stockholders and even if they might be in the best interests of our other stockholders. These potentially material transactions include mergers or
consolidations involving Comcast Corporation, transactions (such as a sale of all or substantially all of our assets) or issuances of securities that require shareholder approval, transactions that result in any person or
group owning shares representing more than 10% of the combined voting power of the resulting or surviving corporation, issuances of Class B common stock or securities exercisable or convertible into Class B common stock,
and amendments to our articles of incorporation or by-laws that would limit the rights of holders of our Class B common stock. Brian L. Roberts beneficially owns all of the outstanding shares of our Class B common stock and,
accordingly, has considerable influence over our operations and the ability (subject to certain restrictions through November 17, 2012) to transfer potential effective control by selling the Class B common stock.