In addition to the other information contained in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating us and our business. 

Risks Relating to Our
Business 

Shareholders who own trading rights or are officers or directors of firms who own trading rights on our exchange account for 12 of the
20 directors on our Board. These shareholders may have interests that differ from or conflict with those of shareholders who are not also members. Our dependence on the trading and clearing activities of our members, combined with their rights to
elect directors, may enable them to exert substantial influence over the operation of our business. 

As of April 26, 2006, the date of our
most recent Annual Meeting of Shareholders, 12 of the 20 directors on our Board owned or were officers or directors of firms who owned trading rights on our exchange. We are dependent on the revenues from the trading and clearing activities of our
members. This dependence may give them substantial influence over how we operate our business. 

Many of our members and clearing firms derive a substantial
portion of their income from their trading or clearing activities on or through our exchange. In addition, trading rights on our exchange have substantial independent value. The amount of income that members derive from their trading, brokering and
clearing activities and the value of their trading rights are, in part, dependent on the fees they are charged to trade, broker, clear and access our markets and the rules and structure of our markets. Our trading members, many of whom act as floor
brokers and floor traders, benefit from trading rules, membership privileges and fee discounts that enhance their open outcry trading opportunities and profits. Our predominantly electronic trading members benefit from fee discounts and other
incentives targeted at increasing electronic trading volume. These benefits enhance their electronic trading opportunities and profits. Our clearing firms benefit from all of the foregoing, as well as decisions that increase electronic trading,
which over time will reduce their costs of doing business on our exchange. As a result, holders of our Class A common stock may not have the same economic interests as our members. In addition, our members may have differing interests among
themselves depending on the role they serve in our markets, their method of trading and the products they trade. Consequently, members may advocate that we enhance and protect their clearing and trading opportunities and the value of their trading
privileges over their economic interest in us. 

The Board representation rights of our members, in combination with the charter provision protections
described in the immediately following risk factor, could be used to influence how our business is changed or developed, including how we address competition and how we seek to grow our volume and revenue and enhance shareholder value. 

Our certificate of incorporation grants special rights to holders of Class B common stock, which protect their trading rights and give them special Board
representation, and require that we maintain open outcry trading until volumes are not significant. 

Under the terms of our certificate of
incorporation, our Class B shareholders have the ability to protect their rights to trade on our exchange by means of special approval rights over changes to the operation of our trading floor. In particular, these provisions include a grant to the
holders of our Class B common stock of the right to approve any changes to: 

•

 the trading floor rights; 

•

 access rights and privileges that a member has; 

•

 the number of memberships in each membership class and the related number of authorized shares of each class of Class B common stock; and

•

 the eligibility requirements to exercise trading rights or privileges. 

Our Class B shareholders are also entitled to elect six of the 20 directors on our Board, even if their Class A share ownership interest is very small or non-existent. 

Our certificate of incorporation also includes a provision requiring us to maintain open outcry floor trading on our exchange for a particular traded product as long as
the open outcry market is “liquid.” Our certificate of incorporation requires us to maintain a facility for conducting business, disseminating price information, clearing and delivery and to provide reasonable financial support for
technology, marketing and research for open outcry markets. Our certificate of incorporation provides specific tests as to whether an open outcry market will be deemed liquid, as measured on a quarterly basis. If a market is deemed illiquid as a
result of a failure to meet any of these tests, our Board may determine whether such market should be closed. 

27 

Our business is subject to the impact of domestic and international market and economic conditions, which are
beyond our control and which could significantly reduce our trading volumes and make our financial results more volatile. 

We generate revenues
primarily from our clearing and transaction fees and our processing services provided to third parties. We expect to continue to do so for the foreseeable future. Each of these revenue sources is substantially dependent on the trading volume in our
markets and in the markets we provide processing services. Our trading volume is directly affected by U.S. domestic and international factors that are beyond our control, including: 

•

 economic, political and market conditions; 

•

 broad trends in industry and finance; 

•

 changes in price levels and volatility in the derivatives markets and in underlying fixed-income, equity, foreign exchange and commodity markets;

•

 legislative and regulatory changes; 

•

 competition; 

•

 changes in government monetary policies; 

•

 consolidation in our customer base and within our industry; and 

•

 inflation. 

Any one or more of these factors may
contribute to reduced activity in our markets. Our operating results and trading volume tend to increase during periods of economic uncertainty. This is because our customers seek to hedge or manage the risks associated with or speculate on
volatility in the U.S. equity markets, fluctuations in interest rates and price changes in the foreign exchange and commodity markets. The future economic environment will be subject to periodic downturns, including possible recession and lower
volatility in financial markets, and may not be as favorable as it has been in recent years. As a result, period-to-period comparisons of our financial results are not necessarily meaningful. Trends less favorable than those of recent periods could
result in decreased trading volume and a more difficult business environment for us. Material decreases in trading volume would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

Our cost structure is largely fixed. If our revenues decline and we are unable to reduce our costs, our profitability will be adversely affected.

Our cost structure is largely fixed. We base our cost structure on historical and expected levels of demand for our products and services. If
demand for our products and services and our resulting revenues decline, we may not be able to adjust our cost structure on a timely basis. In that event, our profitability will be adversely affected. 

The success of our markets will depend on our ability to complete development of and successfully implement electronic trading systems that have the functionality,
performance, reliability and speed required by our customers. 

The future success of our business depends in large part on our ability to create
interactive electronic marketplaces in a wide range of derivatives products that have the required functionality, performance, reliability and speed to attract and retain customers. A significant portion of our current overall volume is generated
through electronic trading on our CME Globex electronic platform. However, during 2006, 28% of our volume and approximately 21% of our clearing and transaction fees revenue was generated through our open outcry trading facilities. Most of our open
outcry volume is related to trading in options on our futures contracts. Our electronic functionality may not be capable of accommodating all of the complex trading strategies typically used for trading options on futures contracts. We continue to
develop and implement new electronic functionality to accommodate trading strategies required for electronic trading of Eurodollar options contracts. In August 2005, we integrated our enhanced options system for trading CME Eurodollar options into
our CME Globex electronic trading platform. This enhanced functionality is designed to facilitate trading of complex combination and spread trades typically used with short-term interest rate options on futures, within a fully transparent and
competitive environment. In July 2006, we also launched user-defined covered spreads. We intend to continue to introduce functionality that will accommodate other complex trading strategies electronically. However, we may not complete the
development of, or successfully implement, the required electronic functionality for our options on futures contracts. Moreover, our customers who trade options may not accept our electronic trading systems. In either event, our ability to increase
trading volume of options on futures contracts on the CME Globex platform would be adversely affected. In addition, if we are unable to develop our electronic trading systems to include other products and markets, or if our electronic trading
systems do not have the required functionality, performance, reliability and speed, we may not be able to compete successfully in an environment that is increasingly dominated by electronic trading. 

28 

The enhancement of our electronic trading platform exposes us to risks inherent in operating in the evolving market
for electronic transaction services. If we do not successfully enhance our electronic trading platform, or if our customers do not accept it, our revenues and profits will be adversely affected. 

We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platform to remain competitive. As a result, we will continue to be subject to risks, expenses and uncertainties
encountered in the rapidly evolving market for electronic transaction services. These risks include our failure or inability to: 

•

 provide reliable and cost-effective services to our customers; 

•

 develop, in a timely manner, the required functionality to support electronic trading in our key products in a manner that is competitive with the functionality
supported by other electronic markets; 

•

 match fees of our competitors that offer only electronic trading facilities; 

•

 attract independent software vendors to write front-end software that will effectively access our electronic trading system and automated order routing system;

•

 respond to technological developments or service offerings by competitors; and 

•

 generate sufficient revenue to justify the substantial capital investment we have made and will continue to make to enhance our electronic trading platform.

If we do not successfully enhance our electronic trading platform, or our current or potential customers do not accept it, our revenues
and profits will be adversely affected. 

If we are not able to keep up with rapid technological changes, our business will be materially harmed.

To remain competitive, we must continue to improve the responsiveness, functionality, accessibility and other features of our software, network
distribution systems and technologies. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, changes in customer demand and uses of products and services, frequent product and service introductions embodying new
technologies and the emergence of new industry standards and practices that could render our existing technology and systems obsolete. Our future success will depend in part on our ability to anticipate and adapt to technological advancements and
changing standards in a timely, cost-efficient and competitive manner. We cannot assure you that we will successfully implement new technologies or adapt our technology to customer and competitive requirements or emerging industry standards.

We face intense competition from other companies, including some of our members. If we are not able to successfully compete, our business will not
survive. 

The derivatives, securities and financial services industries are highly competitive. We expect that competition will continue to
intensify in the future. Our current and prospective competitors, both domestically and around the world, are numerous. They include securities and securities option exchanges, futures exchanges, OTC markets, clearing organizations, market data and
information vendors, electronic communications networks, crossing systems and similar entities, consortia of large customers, consortia of some of our clearing firms and electronic brokerage and dealing facilities. At December 31, 2006, there
were 57 futures exchanges located in 30 countries, including nine futures exchanges in the United States. The global derivatives industry has grown increasingly competitive. Exchanges, intermediaries, and even end users are consolidating, and OTC
and unregulated entities are constantly evolving. For example, in response to growing competition, many marketplaces in both Europe and the United States have demutualized to provide greater flexibility for future growth. CBOT and ICE completed
their initial public offerings in 2005 and NYMEX went public in 2006. In September 2006, ICE and the NYBOT entered into a merger agreement pursuant to which NYBOT will become a wholly-owned subsidiary of ICE and ICE will obtain NYBOT’s clearing
house. In December 2006, shareholders of NYSE Group and Euronext approved the merger of equal between the companies that was announced in June 2006. 

We
believe we may also face competition from large computer software companies and media and technology companies. The number of businesses providing internet-related financial services is rapidly growing. Other companies have entered into or are
forming joint ventures or consortia to provide services similar to those provided by us. Others may become competitive with us through acquisitions. Changes in federal law allow institutions that have been major participants on our exchange to trade
the same or similar products among themselves without utilizing any exchange or trading system. Many of our competitors and potential competitors have greater financial, marketing, technological and personnel resources than we do. These factors may
enable them to develop similar products, to provide lower transaction costs and better execution to their customers and to carry out their business strategies more quickly and efficiently than we can. In addition, our competitors may: 

•

 respond more quickly to competitive pressures due to their corporate governance structures, which may be more flexible and efficient than our corporate governance
structure; 

29 

•

 develop products that are preferred by our customers; 

•

 develop risk transfer products that compete with our products; 

•

 price their products and services more competitively; 

•

 develop and expand their network infrastructure and service offerings more efficiently; 

•

 utilize better, more user-friendly and more reliable technology; 

•

 take greater advantage of acquisitions, alliances and other opportunities; 

•

 more effectively market, promote and sell their products and services; 

•

 better leverage existing relationships with customers and alliance partners or exploit better recognized brand names to market and sell their services; and

•

 exploit regulatory disparities between traditional, regulated exchanges and alternative markets that benefit from a reduced regulatory burden and lower-cost
business model. 

If our products, markets and services are not competitive, our business, financial condition and operating results will
be materially harmed. In addition, even if new entrants do not significantly erode our market share, we may be required to reduce our fees significantly to remain competitive, which could have a material adverse effect on our profitability.

Our average rate per contract is subject to fluctuation due to a number of factors. As a result, you will not be able to rely on our average rate
per contract in any particular period as an indication of our future average rate per contract. 

Our average rate per contract, which impacts our
operating results, is subject to fluctuation due to shifts in the mix of products traded, the trading venue and the mix of customers (whether the customer receives member or non-member fees or participates in one of our various incentive programs)
and the impact of our tiered pricing structure. For example, we earn a higher rate per contract for trades executed on the CME Globex electronic trading platform. In addition, our members and participants in our various incentive programs generally
are charged lower fees than our non-member customers. Each of these factors is difficult to predict and will have an impact on our average rate per contract in the particular period. For example, our average rate per contract decreased to $0.645 for
the year ended December 31, 2006 from $0.664 for the same period in 2005. Because of this fluctuation, you may not be able to rely on our average rate per contract in any particular period as an indication of our future average rate per
contract. If we fail to meet securities analysts’ expectations regarding our operating results, the price of our Class A common stock could decline substantially. 

Our quarterly operating results fluctuate due to seasonality. As a result, you will not be able to rely on our operating results in any particular quarter as an indication of our future performance.

Generally, we have experienced relatively higher trading volume during the first and second quarters and sequentially lower trading volume in the
third and fourth quarters. As a result of this seasonality, you will not be able to rely on our operating results in any particular period as an indication of our future performance. If we fail to meet securities analysts’ expectations
regarding our operating results, the price of our Class A common stock could decline substantially. 

The CFMA has reduced the barriers of entry
into our markets which has led to increased competition and enabled many of our customers to trade futures contracts other than on exchanges. These changes may adversely affect our trading volume, revenue and profits. 

Our industry has been subject to several fundamental regulatory changes, including changes in the statute under which we have operated since 1974. The Commodity Exchange
Act generally required all futures contracts to be executed on an exchange that had been approved by the CFTC. The “exchange trading requirement” was modified by CFTC regulations and interpretations to permit privately negotiated swap
contracts to be transacted in the OTC market. The CFTC exemption under which the OTC derivatives market operated precluded the OTC market from using exchange-like electronic transaction systems and clearing facilities. These barriers to competition
from the OTC market were repealed by the CFMA. One of the chief beneficiaries of the CFMA has been OTC dealers and competitors that operate or intend to open electronic trading facilities or to conduct their futures business directly among
themselves on a bilateral basis. The customers who may access these trading facilities or engage in bilateral private transactions are the same customers who account for a substantial portion of our trading volume. The CFMA also permits banks,
broker-dealers and some of their affiliates to engage in foreign exchange futures transactions for or with retail customers without being subject to regulation under the Commodity Exchange Act. These customers are the same customers who might
otherwise use CME foreign exchange products. In the future, our industry may become subject to new regulations or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing regulations. We cannot predict the extent to which any future regulatory
changes may adversely impact our business, including our ability to compete with enterprises, which offer off-exchange trading and which benefit from a reduced regulatory burden and lower-cost business model. 

30 

The CFMA also permits bank clearing organizations and clearing organizations regulated by the SEC to clear a broad array
of derivatives products in addition to the products that these clearing organizations have traditionally cleared. This allocation of jurisdiction may be advantageous to competing clearing organizations and result in a lower volume of trading cleared
through our clearing house. 

Our trading volume, and consequently our revenues and profits, would be adversely affected if we are unable to retain
our current customers or attract new customers to our exchange. 

The success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to maintain and
increase our trading volume. To do so, we must maintain and expand our product offerings, our customer base and our trade execution alternatives. Our success also depends on our ability to maintain our trading volume and to offer competitive prices
and services in an increasingly price sensitive business. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to expand our product lines, or that we will be able to retain our current customers or attract new customers. For example, the majority
of the clearing and transaction fees we receive from our clearing firms represent charges for trades executed on behalf of their customers. We believe that in the event one of our clearing firms discontinues operations, the customer portion of that
firm’s trading activity would likely transfer to another clearing firm. However, we cannot guarantee you that the discontinuation of any clearing firm would not result in our loss of customers which could have an adverse effect on our trading
volumes or revenues. We also cannot assure you that we will not lose customers to low-cost competitors with comparable or superior products, services or trade execution facilities. If we fail to maintain our trading volume, to expand our product
offerings or execution facilities, or we lose a substantial number of our current customers, or are unable to attract new customers, our business will be adversely affected. 

Any significant decline in the trading volume of our CME Eurodollar or S&P 500 futures and options on futures contracts would adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 

We are substantially dependent on trading volume from two product offerings for a significant portion of our clearing and transaction fee revenues and profits. The
clearing and transaction fees revenue attributable to transactions in CME Eurodollar contracts and all our contracts based on the S&P 500 (including CME E-mini products) approximated 46% and 26%, respectively, of our total clearing and
transaction fees revenue during the year ended December 31, 2006 and 44% and 25%, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2005. Any significant decline in our trading volume in any of these products would negatively impact our
business, financial condition and operating results. 

We believe our CME Eurodollar futures contract serves as a global financial benchmark, but we cannot
assure you that, in the future, other products will not become preferred alternatives to our CME Eurodollar contract as a means of managing or speculating on interest rate risk. We also cannot assure you that competitors will not enter the
Eurodollar market. For example, in March 2004, Euronext.liffe began listing and trading Eurodollar futures contracts. Our members may also elect to trade Eurodollars in privately negotiated bilateral transactions without the use of our clearing
house. In either of these events, our trading volume, revenues and profitability could be adversely affected. 

Our license agreement with
Standard & Poor’s provides that the S&P 500 Index futures products will be exclusive through December 31, 2008, after which we will retain our exclusive rights through December 31, 2016 so long as certain minimum average
trading volume is met or other circumstances exist that relate to the reduction in trading volume. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain
the exclusivity of our licensing agreement with S&P. In addition, we cannot assure you that others will not succeed in creating stock index futures based on information similar to that which we have obtained by license or that market
participants will not increasingly use other instruments, including securities and options based on the S&P indexes, to manage or speculate on U.S. stock risks. Parties may also succeed in offering indexed products that are similar to our
licensed products without being required to obtain a license or in countries that are beyond the jurisdictional reach of us and/or our licensors. 

Our clearing house operations expose us to substantial credit risk of third parties. Our financial condition will be adversely affected in the event of a significant default. 

Our clearing house acts as the counterparty to all trades consummated on or through our exchange or on third-party exchanges for which we provide processing services. As
a result, we are exposed to significant credit risk of third parties, including our clearing firms. We are also exposed, indirectly, to the credit risk of customers of our clearing firms. These parties may default on their obligations due to
bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. We cannot guarantee you that one of our clearing 

31 

firms will not default on its obligations in the future. A substantial part of our surplus funds is at risk if a clearing firm defaults on its obligations to
our clearing house and its performance bond and security deposits are insufficient to meet its obligations. Although we have policies and procedures to help ensure that our clearing firms can satisfy their obligations, these policies and procedures
may not succeed in detecting problems or preventing defaults. We also have in place various measures intended to enable us to cover any default and maintain liquidity. However, we cannot assure you that these measures will be sufficient to protect
us from a default or that we will not be materially and adversely affected in the event of a significant default. Additionally, the default of any one of our clearing firms could cause our customers to lose confidence in our markets and the
guarantee of our clearing house, which would have an adverse affect on our business. 

We generate significant revenue by providing processing
services to third parties. If we are unable to continue to realize the benefits of these agreements, our revenues will be adversely impacted. 

We
have entered into agreements with third parties to provide processing services for which we receive significant revenue. We have an agreement with CBOT to provide processing services for its futures and options on futures contracts. The initial term
of the CBOT agreement expires in January 2009. Upon expiration, CBOT may, in its sole discretion, extend the agreement for an additional one-year term. We also entered into an agreement with NYMEX in April 2006 to be the exclusive electronic trading
service provider for NYMEX’s energy futures and options contracts and certain of their other products on our CME Globex platform. The initial term of the NYMEX agreement is for ten years from the date of launch with rolling three-year
extensions. In 2006, 2005 and 2004, we generated $90.1 million, $68.7 million and $55.9 million, respectively, in processing services revenue primarily from our agreement with CBOT. Our future revenues from providing these processing services will
be dependent on CBOT’s trading volume and NYMEX’s electronic trading volume, which is subject to a number of factors beyond their control. As futures exchanges, their ability to maintain or expand their trading volume and operate their
business is subject to the same types of risks to which we are subject. Any significant decrease in CBOT’s and/or NYMEX’s trading volume will result in a corresponding decrease in our realized benefits from our processing services
agreements. Our net income from the processing services we provide will also depend on our ability to control our costs associated with providing such services. 

The terms of our processing agreements also provide that both we and the other party may terminate the agreement in some circumstances. Under the terms of our agreement with NYMEX, either party between the fifth and sixth anniversary of the
first launch date may terminate the contract by providing notice and paying the other party a termination fee. We cannot assure you that these agreements will not be terminated prior to the end of their term or that the agreements will be renewed
after their initial term or that any renewal will be on terms as favorable to us. Any such event could have an adverse effect on our revenues. 

Our
market data fees may be reduced or eliminated by the growth of electronic trading and electronic order entry systems. If we are unable to offset that reduction through terminal usage fees or transaction fees, we will experience a reduction in
revenue. 

We sell our market data to individuals and organizations that use our markets or monitor general economic conditions. Revenues from our
market data totaled $80.8 million, representing 7% of our total revenues, and $71.7 million, or 8% of our total revenues, during the years ended December 31, 2006 and 2005, respectively. Electronic trading systems do not usually impose separate
charges for supplying market data to trading terminals. If we do not separately charge for market data supplied to trading terminals, and trading terminals with access to our markets become widely available, we could lose market data fees from those
who have access to trading terminals. We will experience a reduction in our revenues if we are unable to recover that lost quote fee revenue through terminal usage fees or transaction fees. 

If we experience systems failures or capacity constraints, our ability to conduct our operations and execute our business strategy could be materially harmed and
we could be subjected to significant costs and liabilities. 

We are heavily dependent on the capacity and reliability of the computer and
communications systems and software supporting our operations. We receive and/or process a large portion of our trade orders through electronic means, such as through public and private communications networks. Our systems, or those of our third
party providers, may fail or operate slowly, causing one or more of the following to occur: 

•

 unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers; 

•

 slower response times; 

•

 delays in our customers’ trade execution; 

•

 failed settlement of trades; 

•

 incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording or processing of trades; 

•

 financial losses; 

•

 security breaches; 

32 

•

 litigation or other customer claims; 

•

 loss of customers; and 

•

 regulatory sanctions. 

We cannot assure you that we
will not experience systems failures from power or telecommunications failure, acts of God, war or terrorism, human error, natural disasters, fire, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, acts of vandalism or
similar events. If any of our systems do not operate properly or are disabled, including as a result of system failure, employee or customer error or misuse of our systems, we could suffer financial loss, liability to customers, regulatory
intervention or reputational damage that could affect demand by current and potential users of our market. 

From time to time, we have experienced system
errors and failures that have resulted in some customers being unable to connect to our electronic trading platform or erroneous reporting, such as transactions that were not authorized by any customer or reporting of filled orders as cancelled. For
example, we have experienced technical failures that resulted in a temporary suspension of trading on the CME Globex platform, including our most recent incident on April 26, 2005. The impact of these events has not been material. However, we
cannot assure you that if we experience system errors or failures in the future that they will not be material. 

Our status as a CFTC registrant generally
requires that our trade execution and communications systems be able to handle anticipated present and future peak trading volume. Heavy use of our computer systems during peak trading times or at times of unusual market volatility could cause our
systems to operate slowly or even to fail for periods of time. We constantly monitor system loads and performance and regularly implement system upgrades to handle estimated increases in trading volume. However, we cannot assure you that our
estimates of future trading volume and order messaging traffic will be accurate or that our systems will always be able to accommodate actual trading volume and order messaging traffic without failure or degradation of performance. Increased CME
Globex trading volume and order messaging traffic may result in connectivity problems or erroneous reports that may affect users of the platform. System failure or degradation could lead our customers to file formal complaints with industry
regulatory organizations, to file lawsuits against us or to cease doing business with us or could lead the CFTC or other regulators to initiate inquiries or proceedings for failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations. 

We will need to continue to upgrade, expand and increase the capacity of our systems as our business grows and we execute our business strategy. Our goal is to design
our systems to handle at least one and a half times our peak historical transactions in our highest volume products. As volume of transactions grow, the ability of our systems to meet this goal on an ongoing basis depends on our ability to increase
our system capacity on a timely basis while maintaining system reliability. Although many of our systems are designed to accommodate additional volume and products and services without redesign or replacement, we will need to continue to make
significant investments in additional hardware and software to accommodate the increases in volume of transactions and order transaction traffic and to provide processing services to third parties. If we cannot increase the capacity and capabilities
of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume of transactions and to execute our business strategy, our ability to maintain or expand our businesses would be adversely affected. 

Some of our largest clearing firms have indicated their belief that clearing facilities should not be owned or controlled by exchanges and should be operated as utilities and not–for–profit. These
clearing firms have sought, and may seek in the future, legislative or regulatory changes that would, if adopted, enable them to use alternative clearing services for positions established on our exchange. Even if they are not successful, these
factors may cause them to limit or stop the use of our markets. 

Some of our largest clearing firms, which are significant customers and
intermediaries in our products, have stressed the importance to them of centralizing clearing of futures contracts and options on futures contracts in order to maximize the efficient use of their capital, exercise greater control over their value at
risk and extract greater operating leverage from clearing activities. Many clearing firms have expressed the view that clearing firms should control the governance of clearing houses or that clearing houses should be operated as utilities rather
than as for-profit enterprises. Some of these firms, along with the Futures Industry Association, have sought, and may seek in the future, legislative or regulatory changes to be adopted that would facilitate mechanisms or policies that allow market
participants to transfer positions from an exchange-owned clearing house to a clearing house owned and controlled by clearing firms. Our strategic business plan is to operate a vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement
business. If these legislative or regulatory changes are adopted, our strategy and business plan may lead clearing firms to establish, or seek to use, alternative clearing houses for clearing positions established on our exchange. Even if they are
not successful in their efforts, the factors described above may cause clearing firms to limit or stop the use of our products and markets. If any of these events occur, our revenues and profits would be adversely affected. 

33 

We depend on third party suppliers and service providers for a number of services that are important to our
business. An interruption or cessation of an important supply or service by any third party could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We depend on a number of suppliers, such as banking, clearing and settlement organizations, telephone companies, online service providers, data processors, and software and hardware vendors for elements of our trading, clearing and other
systems, as well as communications and networking equipment, computer hardware and software and related support and maintenance. We cannot assure you that any of these providers will be able to continue to provide these services in an efficient,
cost-effective manner or that they will be able to adequately expand their services to meet our needs. An interruption in or the cessation of an important supply or service by any third party and our inability to make alternative arrangements in a
timely manner, or at all, would result in lost revenue and higher costs. 

Our networks and those of our third party service providers may be
vulnerable to security risks, which could result in wrongful use of our information or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and trading volume and result in significant liabilities. We could also be required to incur
significant expense to protect our systems. 

We expect the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks to continue to be a
critical element of our operations. Our networks and those of our third party service providers and our customers may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses and other security problems. Persons who circumvent security measures could
wrongfully use our information or cause interruptions or malfunctions in our operations. Any of these events could cause us to lose customers or trading volume. We may be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of
security breaches or to alleviate problems, including reputational harm and litigation, caused by breaches. Although we intend to continue to implement industry-standard security measures, these measures may prove to be inadequate and result in
system failures and delays that could cause us to lose customers, experience lower trading volume and incur significant liabilities. 

We operate in a
heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our business. 

Although the CFMA significantly reduced our
regulatory burdens, we remain extensively regulated by the CFTC. Our international operations may be subject to similar regulations in specific jurisdictions. We are registered in a number of countries outside the United States. In some cases, our
registrations are subject to annual review and such reviews may subject us to additional requirements in the future. We may also be required to register or become subject to regulation in other jurisdictions in order to accept business from
customers in those jurisdictions. 

Many aspects of our operations are subject to oversight and regulation by the CFTC. Our activities relating to single
stock and narrow-based stock index futures products are also subject to oversight by the SEC. Our operations are subject to ongoing review and oversight, including: 

•

 the security and soundness of our order routing and trading systems; 

•

 record keeping and record retention procedures; 

•

 maintaining a fair and orderly market; 

•

 the licensing of our members and many of their employees; and 

•

 the conduct of our directors, officers, employees and affiliates. 

If we fail to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations, we may be subject to censure, fines, cease-and-desist orders, suspension of our business, removal of personnel or other sanctions, including revocation
of our designations as a contract market and derivatives clearing organization. Changes in laws, regulations or governmental policies could have a material adverse effect on the way we conduct our business. 

The CFTC has broad powers to investigate and enforce compliance and punish non-compliance with its rules and regulations. We cannot assure you that we and/or our
directors, officers, employees and affiliates will be able to fully comply with these rules and regulations. We also cannot assure you that we will not be subject to claims or actions by the CFTC or other agencies. 

Demutualization and the increasing utilization of electronic trading systems by traders from remote locations may, among other developments, impact our ability to
continue the traditional form of “self-regulation” that has been an integral part of the CFTC regulatory program. On February 1, 2007, the CFTC issued recommendations as to an appropriate means for designated contract markets to comply
with the core principle requiring self-regulatory organizations to mitigate potential conflicts of interest. The recommendations require at least 35% of the board of directors of a designated contract market to be directors with no material
relationship with the exchange, including memberships on the exchange. Currently, 35% of our Board of Directors have no industry affiliation other than service on our Board although we have not yet completed our assessment as to whether such
directors would be considered to have no material relationship with the exchange for purposes of the CFTC recommendation. We cannot guarantee that our Board will be in compliance with the recommendations. To the extent we are not in compliance, we
will be required to demonstrate to the CFTC how we otherwise met the requirements of the core principle. 

34 

From time to time, it is proposed in Congress that federal financial markets regulators should be consolidated,
including a possible merger between the CFTC and the SEC. While those proposals have not been adopted to date, the perceived convergence of product lines offered on the securities and commodity exchanges could make adoption more likely. To the
extent the regulatory environment following such consolidation is less beneficial for us, our business could be negatively affected. 

The CFTC is subject
to reauthorization every five years, which was scheduled to be completed in 2005. This process is still ongoing and could result in legislation that may have a negative impact on the way we operate our exchange, including our ability to operate our
self-regulatory functions or effectively compete with new entrants into our market place. 

From time to time, the President’s budget includes a
proposal that a transaction tax be imposed on futures and options on futures transactions. While those proposals have not been adopted to date, except for a per-contract fee imposed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on single stock futures
and futures on narrow-based stock indexes, the imposition of any such tax would increase the cost of using our products and, consequently, could adversely impact our trading volumes, revenues and profits. 

Our compliance and risk management methods might not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and
operating results. 

Generally, the CFTC has broad enforcement powers to censure, fine, issue cease-and-desist orders, prohibit us from engaging in
some of our businesses or suspend or revoke our designation as a contract market or the registration of any of our officers or employees who violate applicable laws or regulations. Our ability to comply with applicable laws and rules is largely
dependent on our establishment and maintenance of compliance, audit and reporting systems, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and other risk management personnel. We face the risk of significant intervention by
regulatory authorities, including extensive examination and surveillance activity. In the case of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to investigations and judicial or administrative
proceedings that may result in substantial penalties or civil lawsuits, including by customers, for damages, which can be significant. Any of these outcomes would adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results. In extreme
cases, these outcomes could adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. 

Our policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage our risks
may not be fully effective. Some of our risk management methods depend upon evaluation of information regarding markets, customers or other matters that are publicly available or otherwise accessible by us. That information may not in all cases be
accurate, complete, up-to-date or properly evaluated. Management of operational, legal and regulatory risk requires, among other things, policies and procedures to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events. We cannot
assure you that our policies and procedures will always be effective or that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed. 

As a financial services provider, we are subject to significant litigation risk and potential securities law liability. 

Many aspects of our business involve substantial liability risks. While we enjoy governmental immunity for some of our market-related activities, we could be exposed to substantial liability under federal and state
laws and court decisions, as well as rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC and the CFTC. These risks include, among others, potential liability from disputes over terms of a trade, the claim that a system failure or delay caused monetary
losses to a customer, that we entered into an unauthorized transaction or that we provided materially false or misleading statements in connection with a transaction. Dissatisfied customers frequently make claims regarding quality of trade
execution, improperly settled trades, mismanagement or even fraud against their service providers. We may become subject to these claims as a result of failures or malfunctions of our systems and services we provide. We could incur significant legal
expenses defending claims, even those without merit. In addition, an adverse resolution of any future lawsuit or claim against us could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We could be harmed by employee misconduct or errors that are difficult to detect and deter. 

There have been a
number of highly publicized cases involving fraud or other misconduct by employees of financial services firms in recent years. Misconduct by our employees, including employees of GFX Corporation, our wholly-owned subsidiary that primarily engages
in proprietary trading in foreign exchange futures, could include hiding unauthorized activities from us, improper or unauthorized activities on behalf of CME customers or improper use of confidential information. Employee misconduct could subject
us to financial losses or regulatory sanctions and seriously harm our reputation. It is not always possible to deter employee misconduct, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Our
employees also may commit errors that could subject us to financial claims for negligence, as well as regulatory actions. For example, 

35 

employees of GFX Corporation enter into transactions to promote liquidity in CME foreign exchange contracts on the CME Globex platform and subsequently enter
into offsetting transactions using futures contracts or spot foreign exchange transactions with approved counterparties in the interbank market to limit market risk. In the event the offsetting transaction is not entered into or is not timely or
properly executed, we could be exposed to substantial market risk. 

We may have difficulty executing our growth strategy and maintaining our growth
effectively. 

We have experienced significant growth in our business. Continued growth may require additional investment in personnel, facilities,
information technology infrastructure and financial and management systems and controls and may place a significant strain on our management and resources. We may not be successful in implementing all of the processes that are necessary to support
our growth organically or as described in the following risk factor through acquisitions or other strategic alliances. Unless our growth results in an increase in our revenues that is proportionate to the increase in our costs associated with our
growth, our future profitability could be adversely affected, and we may have to incur significant expenditures to address the additional operational and control requirements as a result of our growth. 

Our acquisition, investment and alliance strategy involves risks. If we are unable to effectively manage these risks, our business will be materially harmed.

To achieve our strategic objectives, in the future we may seek to acquire or invest in other companies, businesses or technologies. Acquisitions
entail numerous risks, including the following: 

•

 difficulties in the assimilation of acquired businesses or technologies; 

•

 diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns; 

•

 assumption of unknown material liabilities; 

•

 difficulties in implementing adequate compliance and risk management methods for new operations; 

•

 failure to achieve financial or operating objectives; and 

•

 potential loss of customers or key employees of acquired companies. 

We may not be able to integrate successfully any operations, personnel, services or products that we have acquired or may acquire in the future. See “Additional Risks Relating to the Proposed Merger with CBOT
Holdings” for additional risks. 

We also may seek to expand or enhance some of our operations by forming joint ventures or alliances with various
strategic partners throughout the world. Entering into joint ventures and alliances also entails risks, including difficulties in developing and expanding the business of newly formed joint ventures, exercising influence over the activities of joint
ventures in which we do not have a controlling interest, and potential conflicts with our joint venture or alliance partners. We cannot assure you that any joint venture or alliance that we have entered into or may enter into in the future, will be
successful. 

The imposition in the future of regulations requiring that clearing houses establish linkages with other clearing houses whereby
positions at one clearing house can be transferred to and maintained at, or otherwise offset by a fungible position existing at, another clearing house may have a material adverse effect on the operation of our business. 

In connection with the trading of single stock futures and futures on narrow-based stock indexes, the CFMA contemplates that clearing houses will, after an initial
period, establish linkages enabling a position in any such product executed on an exchange for which it clears these products to be offset by an economically linked or fungible position on the opposite side of the market that is executed on another
exchange utilizing a different clearing house. If, in the future, a similar requirement is imposed with respect to futures contracts generally, the resulting unbundling of trade execution and clearing services would have a material adverse effect on
our revenues and profits. 

Expansion of our operations internationally involves special challenges that we may not be able to meet, which could
adversely affect our financial results. 

We plan to continue to expand our operations internationally, including by directly placing order entry
terminals with customers outside the United States and by relying on distribution systems established by our current and future strategic alliance partners. We currently have direct customer access in more than 70 countries. We face certain risks
inherent in doing business in international markets, particularly in the regulated derivatives exchange business. These risks include: 

•

 restrictions on the use of trading terminals or the contracts that may be traded; 

•

 becoming subject to extensive regulations and oversight, tariffs and other trade barriers; 

36 

•

 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

•

 general economic and political conditions in the countries from which our markets are accessed, which may have an adverse effect on our volume from those countries;
and 

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences. 

In addition,
as a result of our expanding global operations, we may become subject to the laws and regulations of foreign governmental and regulatory authorities. These may include laws, rules and regulations relating to any aspect of the derivatives business.
To date, we have had limited experience in marketing and operating our products and services internationally. We cannot assure you that we will be able to succeed in marketing our products and services in international markets. We may also
experience difficulty in managing our international operations because of, among other things, competitive conditions overseas, management of foreign exchange risk, established domestic markets, language and cultural differences and economic or
political instability. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the success of our international operations and, consequently, on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights, which may materially harm our business. 

We rely primarily on trade secret, copyright, service mark, trademark and patent law and contractual protections to protect our proprietary technology and other
proprietary rights. We have filed several patent applications covering our technology in the United States and certain other jurisdictions. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that
third parties may copy or otherwise obtain and use our proprietary technology without authorization or otherwise infringe on our rights. We also seek to protect our software and databases as trade secrets and under copyright law. We have copyright
registrations for certain of our software, user manuals and databases. The copyright protection afforded to databases, however, is fairly limited. While the arrangement and selection of data generally are protectable, the actual data may not be, and
others may be free to create databases that would perform the same function. In some cases, including a number of our most important products, there may be no effective legal recourse against duplication by competitors. In addition, in the future,
we may have to rely on litigation to enforce our intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others or defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Any such
litigation, whether successful or unsuccessful, could result in substantial costs to us and diversions of our resources, either of which could adversely affect our business. 

Any infringement by us on patent rights of others could result in litigation and adversely affect our ability to continue to provide, or increase the cost of providing, our products and electronic execution
services. 

Patents of third parties may have an important bearing on our ability to offer certain of our products and services. Our competitors as
well as other companies and individuals may obtain, and may be expected to obtain in the future, patents related to the types of products and services we offer or plan to offer. We cannot assure you that we are or will be aware of all patents
containing claims that may pose a risk of infringement by our products and services. In addition, some patent applications in the United States are confidential until a patent is issued and, therefore, we cannot evaluate the extent to which our
products and services may be covered or asserted to be covered by claims contained in pending patent applications. These claims of infringement are not uncommon in our industry. 

In general, if one or more of our products or services were to infringe on patents held by others, we may be required to stop developing or marketing the products or services, to obtain licenses to develop and market
the services from the holders of the patents or to redesign the products or services in such a way as to avoid infringing on the patent claims. We cannot assess the extent to which we may be required in the future to obtain licenses with respect to
patents held by others, whether such licenses would be available or, if available, whether we would be able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms. If we were unable to obtain such licenses, we may not be able to redesign our
products or services to avoid infringement, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We may
be at greater risk from terrorism than other companies. 

Given our position as the largest futures exchange in the United States, as measured by
annual trading volume, we may be more likely than other companies to be a direct target of, or an indirect casualty of, attacks by terrorists or terrorist organizations. 

It is impossible to predict the likelihood or impact of any terrorist attack on the derivatives industry generally or on our business. In the event of an attack or a threat of an attack, our security measures and
contingency plans may be inadequate to prevent significant disruptions in our business, technology or access to the infrastructure necessary to maintain our business. Damage to our facilities due to terrorist attacks may be significantly in excess
of any amount of insurance received, or we may not be able to insure against such damage at a reasonable price or at all. The threat of terrorist attacks may also negatively affect our ability to attract and retain employees. Any of these events
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

37 

Additional Risks Relating to the Proposed Merger with CBOT Holdings 

We may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the proposed merger with CBOT Holdings. 

The success of the merger will depend, in part, on our ability to achieve the anticipated cost synergies and other strategic benefits from combining the businesses of CME
Holdings and CBOT Holdings. We expect CME Group to benefit from operational synergies resulting from the consolidation of capabilities and elimination of redundancies as well as greater efficiencies from increased scale, market integration and more
automation. However, to realize these anticipated benefits, we must successfully combine the businesses of CME Holdings and CBOT Holdings. If we are not able to achieve these objectives, the anticipated cost synergies and other strategic
benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. We may fail to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of the transaction in the amounts and times projected for a number of reasons,
including that the integration may take longer than anticipated, be more costly than anticipated or have unanticipated adverse results relating to CME Holdings’ or CBOT Holdings’ existing businesses. 

The failure to integrate successfully the businesses and operations of CME Holdings and CBOT Holdings in the expected time frame may adversely affect CME
Group’s future results. 

Historically, CME Holdings and CBOT Holdings have operated as independent companies, and they will continue to do so
until the completion of the merger. The management of CME Group may face significant challenges in consolidating the functions of CME Holdings and CBOT Holdings and their subsidiaries, integrating their technologies, organizations, procedures,
policies and operations, as well as addressing differences in the business cultures of the two companies and retaining key personnel. In connection with the merger, CME Group expects to integrate certain operations of CME and CBOT, including
consolidating the two trading floors, transitioning CBOT’s electronic trading to CME’s Globex platform, consolidating their market data services and consolidating regulatory functions. The integration will be complex and time consuming,
and require substantial resources and effort. The integration process and other disruptions resulting from the merger may also disrupt each company’s ongoing businesses or cause inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies
that adversely affect our relationships with members of CME and CBOT and other market participants, employees, regulators and others with whom we have business or other dealings. In addition, difficulties in integrating the businesses or regulatory
functions of CME Holdings and CBOT Holdings could harm the reputation of CME Group. 

CME Holdings and CBOT Holdings will incur transaction,
integration and restructuring costs in connection with the merger. 

CME Holdings and CBOT Holdings expect to incur significant costs associated with
transaction fees, professional services and other costs related to the merger. Specifically, CME Holdings and CBOT Holdings expect to incur approximately $62 million for transaction costs related to the merger. CME Group also will incur integration
and restructuring costs following the completion of the merger as CME Group integrates the business of CBOT Holdings with that of CME Holdings. Although CME Holdings and CBOT Holdings expect that the realization of efficiencies related to the
integration of the businesses will offset incremental transaction, merger-related and restructuring costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. 

Completion of the merger is subject to the receipt of consents and approvals from, or the making of filings with, government entities that could delay completion of the merger or impose conditions that could
have a material adverse effect on CME Group or that could cause abandonment of the merger. 

The merger is subject to review under the
Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, by either the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice or the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. Under this statute, CME Holdings and CBOT Holdings are required to make
pre-merger notification filings and to await the expiration of the statutory waiting period prior to completing the merger. On December 1, 2006, CME Holdings and CBOT Holdings each received requests for additional information, or a “Second
Request,” regarding the merger from the Department of Justice. The Second Request extends the initial waiting period under the statute during which the Department of Justice is permitted to review a proposed transaction until 30 days after the
parties have substantially complied with the Second Request, unless that period is terminated earlier by the Department of Justice or, if the Department of Justice objects to the merger, it obtains an injunction from a court. 

38 

We cannot assure you that a challenge to the merger on antitrust grounds will not be made or, if such a challenge is
made, that any such challenge will not be successful. Any such challenge may seek to impose a preliminary or permanent injunction, conditions on the completion of the merger or require changes to the terms of the merger. While we do not currently
expect that any such preliminary or permanent injunction, conditions or changes would be imposed, we cannot assure you that they will not be, and such conditions or changes could have the effect of delaying completion of the merger or imposing
additional costs on us or limiting the revenues of CME Group following the merger, any of which might have a material adverse effect on CME Group following the merger. Neither CME Holdings nor CBOT Holdings is obligated to complete the merger if any
such conditions, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in (i) a material adverse effect on the expected benefits of the merger or (ii) a material adverse effect on CME Holdings, CBOT Holdings or CME Group
following the merger. 

CME Holdings may incur significant indebtedness in order to finance the merger, which may limit CME Group’s operating
flexibility. 

In order to finance the cash portion of the merger consideration, CME Holdings expects to incur incremental borrowings of up to $2.0
billion, depending on the elections made by CBOT Holdings Class A stockholders with respect to the merger consideration. We have not obtained any commitments for the financing. As of September 30, 2006, on a pro forma basis after giving
effect to the merger, assuming that CME Holdings pays the maximum amount of cash available to CBOT Holdings Class A stockholders of $3.0 billion, CME Group would have had $2.0 billion in indebtedness outstanding. This level of indebtedness may:

•

 require CME Group to dedicate a significant portion of its cash flow from operations to payments on its debt, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund
capital expenditures, to pursue other acquisitions or investments in new technologies, to pay dividends and for general corporate purposes; 

•

 increase CME Group’s vulnerability to general adverse economic conditions, including increases in interest rates if the borrowings bear interest at variable
rates; and 

•

 limit CME Group’s flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in or challenges relating to its business and industry. 

In addition, to the extent that the credit ratings of CME Group are below ratings we would have been able to obtain as a stand-alone company, borrowing
costs may increase, and to the extent that the credit ratings are below investment grade, the terms of the financing obligations could include restrictions, such as affirmative and negative covenants, conditions to borrowing, subsidiary guarantees
and stock pledges. A failure to comply with these restrictions could result in a default under the financing obligations or could require CME Group to obtain waivers from its lenders for failure to comply with these restrictions. The occurrence of a
default that remains uncured or the inability to secure a necessary consent or waiver could have a material adverse effect on CME Group’s business, financial condition or results of operations.