In addition to the other information contained in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following risk factors should be considered carefully in evaluating us and our business. 

Risks Relating to Our
Business 

Shareholders who own trading rights or are officers or directors of firms who own trading rights on our exchanges account for 20 of the
30 directors on our Board. These shareholders may have interests that differ from or conflict with those of shareholders who are not also members. Our dependence on the trading and clearing activities of our members, combined with their rights to
elect directors, may enable them to exert substantial influence over the operation of our business. 

Twenty of our 30 directors on our Board own or
are officers or directors of firms who own trading rights on our exchange. We are dependent on the revenues from the trading and clearing activities of our members. This dependence may give them substantial influence over how we operate our
business. 

Many of our members and clearing firms derive a substantial portion of their income from their trading or clearing activities on or through our
exchanges. In addition, trading rights on our exchanges have substantial independent value. The amount of income that members derive from their trading, brokering and clearing activities and the value of their trading rights are, in part, dependent
on the fees they are charged to trade, broker, clear and access our markets and the rules and structure of our markets. Our trading members, many of whom act as floor brokers and floor traders, benefit from trading rules, membership privileges and
fee discounts that enhance their open outcry trading opportunities and profits. Our predominantly electronic trading members benefit from fee discounts and other incentives targeted at increasing electronic trading volume. These benefits enhance
their electronic trading opportunities and profits. Our clearing firms benefit from all of the foregoing, as well as decisions that increase electronic trading, which over time will reduce their costs of doing business on our exchanges. As a result,
holders of our Class A common stock may not have the same economic interests as our members. In addition, our members may have differing interests among themselves depending on the role they serve in our markets, their method of trading and the
products they trade. Consequently, members may advocate that we enhance and protect their clearing and trading opportunities and the value of their trading privileges over their economic interest in us. 

The Board representation rights of the members of our CME exchange to elect six directors, in combination with the charter provision protections described in the
immediately following risk factor, could be used to influence how our business is changed or developed, including how we address competition and how we seek to grow our volume and revenue and enhance shareholder value. 

Our members have been granted special rights, which protect their trading rights, require that we maintain open outcry trading until volumes are not significant
and, in the case of our Class B shareholders, provide them with special Board representation. 

Under the terms of the certificates of incorporation
of CME Group and CBOT, our members have the ability to protect their rights to trade on the respective exchange by means of special approval rights over changes to the operation of our trading floor, including whether we are required to maintain
open outcry trading of a particular product. Our Class B shareholders, who are members of our CME exchange, are also entitled to elect six of the 30 directors on our Board, even if their Class A share ownership interest is very small or
non-existent. 

The certificates of incorporation of CME Group and CBOT also include provisions requiring us to maintain open outcry floor trading for a
particular traded product as long as the open outcry market is “liquid.” We are also required to maintain a facility for conducting business, disseminating price information, clearing and delivery and to provide reasonable financial
support for technology, marketing and research for open outcry markets. These certificates of incorporation provide specific tests as to whether an open outcry market will be deemed liquid, as measured on a quarterly basis. If a market is deemed
illiquid as a result of a failure to meet any of these tests, our Board may determine whether such market should be closed. 

28 

Table of Contents

Additionally, we are required until our 2012 annual meeting to provide advance notice to the ten members of our Board who
were formally directors of CBOT Holdings prior to the merger or their successors of any changes to CBOT exchange rules, except for certain limited administrative changes. If a majority of the CBOT directors decide that the proposed rule change would
materially impair the CBOT business or materially impair the business opportunities of the CBOT members, then the proposed rule change must be submitted to a committee comprised of three CBOT directors and two directors who were directors of CME
Holdings prior to the merger or their successors for final approval. 

Our business is subject to the impact of domestic and international market and
economic conditions, which are beyond our control and which could significantly reduce our trading volumes and make our financial results more volatile. 

We generate revenues primarily from our clearing and transaction fees and our processing services provided to third parties. We expect to continue to do so for the foreseeable future. Each of these revenue sources is substantially dependent
on the trading volume in our markets and in the markets we provide processing services. Our trading volume is directly affected by U.S. domestic and international factors that are beyond our control, including: 

•

 economic, political and geopolitical market conditions; 

•

 natural disasters and other catastrophes; 

•

 broad trends in industry and finance; 

•

 changes in price levels and volatility in the derivatives markets and in underlying fixed-income, equity, foreign exchange and commodity markets;

•

 legislative and regulatory changes; 

•

 competition; 

•

 changes in government monetary policies; 

•

 consolidation in our customer base and within our industry; and 

•

 inflation. 

Any one or more of these factors may
contribute to reduced activity in our markets. Our operating results and trading volume tend to increase during periods of uncertainty. This is because our customers seek to hedge or manage the risks associated with or speculate on volatility in the
U.S. equity markets, fluctuations in interest rates and price changes in the foreign exchange, commodity and other markets. The future economic environment may be subject to periodic downturns, including possible recession and lower volatility in
financial markets, and may not be as favorable as it has been in recent years. For example, recent events in the economic environment, including the sub-prime lending crisis, the downturn in the housing market and decreases in consumer spending, may
result in an economic recession in the near future. As a result, period-to-period comparisons of our financial results are not necessarily meaningful. Trends less favorable than those of recent periods could result in decreased trading volume and a
more difficult business environment for us. Material decreases in trading volume would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results. 

Our cost structure is largely fixed. If our revenues decline and we are unable to reduce our costs, our profitability will be adversely affected. 

Our cost structure is largely fixed. We base our cost structure on historical and expected levels of demand for our products and services. If demand for our products and
services and our resulting revenues decline, we may not be able to adjust our cost structure on a timely basis. In that event, our profitability will be adversely affected. 

29 

Table of Contents

The success of our markets will depend on our ability to complete development of and successfully implement
electronic trading systems that have the functionality, performance, reliability and speed required by our customers. 

The future success of our
business depends in large part on our ability to create interactive electronic marketplaces in a wide range of derivatives products that have the required functionality, performance, capacity, reliability and speed to attract and retain customers. A
significant portion of our current overall volume is generated through electronic trading on our CME Globex electronic platform. However, during 2007, 21% of our volume and approximately 16% of our clearing and transaction fees revenue was generated
through our open outcry trading facilities. Most of our open outcry volume is related to trading in options on our futures contracts. Our electronic functionality may not be capable of accommodating all of the complex trading strategies typically
used for trading options on futures contracts. For example, 92% of our Eurodollar options contracts are traded via open outcry despite our initiatives to implement advanced functionality. We intend to continue to introduce functionality that will
accommodate complex trading strategies electronically. However, we may not complete the development of, or successfully implement, the required electronic functionality for our options on futures contracts. Moreover, our customers who trade options
may not accept our electronic trading systems. In either event, our ability to increase trading volume of options on futures contracts on the CME Globex platform would be adversely affected. In addition, if we are unable to develop our electronic
trading systems to include other products and markets, or if our electronic trading systems do not have the required functionality, performance, capacity, reliability and speed, we may not be able to compete successfully in an environment that is
increasingly dominated by electronic trading. 

The enhancement of our electronic trading platform exposes us to risks inherent in operating in the
evolving market for electronic transaction services. If we do not successfully continue to enhance our electronic trading platform, or if our customers do not accept it, our revenues and profits will be adversely affected. 

We must continue to enhance our electronic trading platform to remain competitive. As a result, we will continue to be subject to risks, expenses and uncertainties
encountered in the rapidly evolving market for electronic transaction services. These risks include our failure or inability to: 

•

 provide reliable and cost-effective services to our customers; 

•

 develop, in a timely manner, the required functionality to support electronic trading in our key products in a manner that is competitive with the functionality
supported by other electronic markets; 

•

 match fees of our competitors that offer only electronic trading facilities; 

•

 attract independent software vendors to write front-end software that will effectively access our electronic trading system and automated order routing system;

•

 respond to technological developments or service offerings by competitors; and 

•

 generate sufficient revenue to justify the substantial capital investment we have made and will continue to make to enhance our electronic trading platform.

If we do not successfully enhance our electronic trading platform, or our current or potential customers do not accept it, our revenues
and profits will be adversely affected. 

If we are not able to keep up with rapid technological changes, our business will be materially harmed.

To remain competitive, we must continue to improve the responsiveness, functionality, accessibility and other features of our software, network
distribution systems and technologies. The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapidly changing technology, changes in customer demand and uses of derivatives products and transaction processing services, frequent product and service
introductions embodying new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards and practices that could render our existing technology and systems obsolete. Our future success will depend in part on our ability to anticipate and adapt to
technological advancements and changing standards in a timely, cost-efficient and competitive manner. We cannot assure you that we will successfully implement new technologies or adapt our technology to customer and competitive requirements or
emerging industry standards. 

30 

Table of Contents

We face intense competition from other companies, including some of our members. If we are not able to successfully
compete, our business will not survive. 

The derivatives, securities and financial services industries are highly competitive. We expect that
competition will continue to intensify in the future. Our current and prospective competitors, both domestically and around the world, are numerous. They include securities and securities option exchanges, futures exchanges, over-the-counter
markets, clearing organizations, market data and information vendors, electronic communications networks, crossing systems and similar entities, consortia of large customers, consortia of some of our clearing firms and electronic brokerage and
dealing facilities. At December 31, 2007, there were 60 futures exchanges located in 33 countries, including 11 futures exchanges in the United States. The global derivatives industry has grown increasingly competitive. Exchanges,
intermediaries, and even end users are consolidating, and over-the-counter and unregulated entities are constantly evolving. Additionally, in response to growing competition, many marketplaces in both Europe and the United States have demutualized
to provide greater flexibility for future growth. In 2007, we completed our merger with CBOT Holdings, NYSE Group completed its merger with Euronext and ICE acquired the New York Board of Trade and the Winnipeg Commodity Exchange. Also, in the last
three months there has been a significant increase in activity among derivative dealers, banks and other entities to form competing exchanges. In December 2007, a consortium of 12 financial institutions announced their intention to form an exchange
– referred to as Project Four Seasons – and in January 2008 Project Rainbow was formed to discuss launching a European derivatives exchange. Project Four Seasons has stated their intention to offer futures products that would be similar to
our interest rate products. 

We believe we may also face competition from large computer software companies and media and technology companies. The number
of businesses providing internet-related financial services is rapidly growing. Other companies have entered into or are forming joint ventures or consortia to provide services similar to those provided by us. Others may become competitive with us
through acquisitions. Changes in federal law allow institutions that have been major participants on our exchange to trade the same or similar products among themselves without utilizing any exchange or trading system. Many of our competitors and
potential competitors have greater financial, marketing, technological and personnel resources than we do. These factors may enable them to develop similar products, to provide lower transaction costs and better execution to their customers and to
carry out their business strategies more quickly and efficiently than we can. In addition, our competitors may: 

•

 respond more quickly to competitive pressures due to their corporate governance structures, which may be more flexible and efficient than our corporate governance
structure; 

•

 develop products that are preferred by our customers; 

•

 develop risk transfer products that compete with our products; 

•

 price their products and services more competitively; 

•

 develop and expand their network infrastructure and service offerings more efficiently; 

•

 utilize better, more user-friendly and more reliable technology; 

•

 take greater advantage of acquisitions, alliances and other opportunities; 

•

 more effectively market, promote and sell their products and services; 

•

 better leverage existing relationships with customers and alliance partners or exploit better recognized brand names to market and sell their services; and

•

 exploit regulatory disparities between traditional, regulated exchanges and alternative markets that benefit from a reduced regulatory burden and lower-cost
business model. 

31 

Table of Contents

If our products, markets and services are not competitive, our business, financial condition and operating results will
be materially harmed. 

A decline in our fees or any loss of customers could lower our revenues, which would adversely affect our profitability. 

Our average rate per contract is subject to fluctuation due to a number of factors. As a result, you will not be able to rely on our average rate per contract
in any particular period as an indication of our future average rate per contract. 

Our average rate per contract, which impacts our operating
results, is subject to fluctuation due to shifts in the mix of products traded, the trading venue and the mix of customers (whether the customer receives member or non-member fees or participates in one of our various incentive programs) and the
impact of our tiered pricing structure. For example, we earn a higher rate per contract for trades executed electronically. In addition, our members and participants in our various incentive programs generally are charged lower fees than our
non-member customers. Variation in each of these factors is difficult to predict and will have an impact on our average rate per contract in the particular period. For example, our average rate per contract decreased to $0.634 for the year ended
December 31, 2007 from $0.645 for the same period in 2006. Because of this fluctuation, you may not be able to rely on our average rate per contract in any particular period as an indication of our future average rate per contract. If we fail
to meet securities analysts’ expectations regarding our operating results, the price of our Class A common stock could decline substantially. 

Our quarterly operating results fluctuate due to seasonality. As a result, you will not be able to rely on our operating results in any particular quarter as an indication of our future performance. 

Generally, we have experienced relatively higher trading volume during the first and second quarters and sequentially lower trading volume in the third and fourth
quarters. As a result of this seasonality, you will not be able to rely on our operating results in any particular period as an indication of our future performance. If we fail to meet securities analysts’ expectations regarding our operating
results, the price of our Class A common stock could decline substantially. 

The CFMA has reduced the barriers of entry into our markets which
has led to increased competition and enabled many of our customers to trade futures contracts other than on exchanges. These changes may adversely affect our trading volume, revenue and profits. 

Our industry has been subject to several fundamental regulatory changes, including changes in the statute under which we have operated since 1974. The Commodity Exchange
Act generally required all futures contracts to be executed on an exchange that had been approved by the CFTC. The “exchange trading requirement” was modified by CFTC regulations and interpretations to permit privately negotiated swap
contracts to be transacted in the over-the-counter market. The CFTC exemption under which the over-the-counter derivatives market operated precluded the over-the-counter market from using exchange-like electronic transaction systems and clearing
facilities. These barriers to competition from the over-the-counter market were repealed by the CFMA. One of the chief beneficiaries of the CFMA has been over-the-counter dealers and competitors that operate or intend to open electronic trading
facilities or to conduct their futures business directly among themselves on a bilateral basis. The customers who may access these trading facilities or engage in bilateral private transactions are the same customers who account for a substantial
portion of our trading volume. The CFMA also permits banks, broker-dealers and some of their affiliates to engage in foreign exchange futures transactions for or with retail customers without being subject to regulation under the Commodity Exchange
Act. These customers are the same customers who might otherwise use our foreign exchange products. 

The CFMA also permits bank clearing organizations and
clearing organizations regulated by the SEC to clear a broad array of derivatives products in addition to the products that these clearing organizations have traditionally cleared. This allocation of jurisdiction may be advantageous to competing
clearing organizations and result in a lower volume of trading cleared through our clearing house. 

In the future, our industry may become subject to new
regulations or changes in the interpretation or enforcement of existing regulations. We cannot predict the extent to which any future regulatory changes may adversely impact our business, including our ability to compete with enterprises that offer
off-exchange trading and benefit from a reduced regulatory burden and lower-cost business model. 

32 

Table of Contents

Our trading volume, and consequently our revenues and profits, would be adversely affected if we are unable to
retain our current customers or attract new customers to our exchange. 

The success of our business depends, in part, on our ability to maintain
and increase our trading volume. To do so, we must maintain and expand our product offerings, our customer base and our trade execution alternatives. Our success also depends on our ability to maintain our trading volume and to offer competitive
prices and services in an increasingly price sensitive business. We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to expand our product lines, or that we will be able to retain our current customers or attract new customers. For example, the
majority of the clearing and transaction fees we receive from our clearing firms represent charges for trades executed on behalf of their customers. We believe that in the event one of our clearing firms discontinues operations, the customer portion
of that firm’s trading activity would likely transfer to another clearing firm. However, we cannot guarantee you that the discontinuation of any clearing firm would not result in our loss of customers which could have an adverse effect on our
trading volumes or revenues. We also cannot assure you that we will not lose customers to low-cost competitors with comparable or superior products, services or trade execution facilities. If we fail to maintain our trading volume, expand our
product offerings or execution facilities, or we lose a substantial number of our current customers, or a subset of customers representing a significant percentage of trading volume in a particular product line; or are unable to attract new
customers, our business will be adversely affected. 

Any significant decline in the trading volume of our Eurodollar or S&P 500 futures and
options on futures contracts would adversely affect our revenues and profitability. 

We are substantially dependent on trading volume from two
product offerings for a significant portion of our clearing and transaction fee revenues and profits. The clearing and transaction fees revenue attributable to transactions in Eurodollar contracts and all our contracts based on the S&P 500
(including E-mini products) approximated 32% and 24%, respectively, of our total clearing and transaction fees revenue during the year ended December 31, 2007 and 46% and 26%, respectively, during the year ended December 31, 2006. Any
significant decline in our trading volume in either of these products would negatively impact our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We
believe our Eurodollar futures contract serves as a global financial benchmark, but we cannot assure you that, in the future, other products will not become preferred alternatives to our Eurodollar contract as a means of managing or speculating on
interest rate risk. We also cannot assure you that competitors will not enter the Eurodollar market. Our members may also elect to trade Eurodollars in privately negotiated bilateral transactions without the use of our clearing house. In either of
these events, our trading volume, revenues and profitability could be adversely affected. 

Our license agreement with S&P provides that the S&P 500
Index futures products will be exclusive through December 31, 2008, after which we will retain our exclusive rights through December 31, 2016 so long as certain minimum average trading volume is met or other circumstances exist that relate
to the reduction in trading volume. 

We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain the exclusivity of our licensing agreement with S&P. In
addition, we cannot assure you that others will not succeed in creating stock index futures based on information similar to that which we have obtained by license or that market participants will not increasingly use other instruments, including
securities and options based on the S&P indexes, to manage or speculate on U.S. stock risks. Parties may also succeed in offering indexed products that are similar to our licensed products without being required to obtain a license or in
countries that are beyond the jurisdictional reach of us and/or our licensors. 

Our clearing house operations expose us to substantial credit risk of
third parties. Our financial condition will be adversely affected in the event of a significant default. 

Our clearing house acts as the
counterparty to all trades consummated on or through our exchange or on third-party exchanges for which we provide clearing services. As a result, we are exposed to significant credit risk of third parties, including our clearing firms. We are also
exposed, indirectly, to the credit risk of customers of our clearing firms. These parties may default on their obligations due to bankruptcy, lack of liquidity, operational failure or other reasons. We cannot guarantee you that one of our clearing
firms will not default on its obligations in the future. Our surplus funds are at risk if a clearing firm defaults on its obligations to our clearing house and its performance bond and security deposits are insufficient to meet its obligations.
Although we have policies and procedures to help ensure that our clearing firms can satisfy their obligations, these policies and procedures may not succeed in detecting problems or preventing defaults. We also have in place various measures
intended to enable us to cover any default and maintain liquidity. However, we cannot assure you that these measures will be sufficient to protect us from a default or that we will not be materially and adversely affected in the event of a
significant default. Additionally, the default of any one of our clearing firms could cause our customers to lose confidence in our markets and the guarantee of our clearing house, which would have an adverse affect on our business. 

33 

Table of Contents

A key element of our strategy is to provide transaction processing, clearing and related services to third parties.
If we are unable to continue to realize the benefits from providing these services, our revenues will be adversely impacted. 

Providing third-party
transaction processing, clearing and related services is a key element of our strategy. We have an agreement with NYMEX, which began in June 2006, to be the exclusive trading service provider for NYMEX’s energy futures and options contracts and
certain of their other products on our CME Globex platform. The initial term of the NYMEX agreement is for ten years from the date of launch with rolling three-year extensions. Additionally, prior to our merger with CBOT Holdings, we derived a
significant amount of revenue from our transaction processing services agreement that we entered into with CBOT in 2003. In 2007, 2006 and 2005, we generated $48.2 million, $75.8 million and $68.7 million, respectively, in processing services
revenue from our agreement with CBOT and we generated $56.4 million, $14.3 million and $4.5 million in revenue in 2007, 2006 and 2005, respectively, from our agreement with NYMEX. Our future revenues from providing processing services to NYMEX
or others will be dependent on the third party’s trading volume, which is subject to a number of factors beyond its control. For example, NYMEX’s ability to maintain or expand its trading volume and operate its business, as a futures
exchange, is subject to the same types of risks to which we are subject. Any significant decrease in the trading volume at these exchanges will result in a corresponding decrease in our realized benefits from our processing services agreements. Our
net income from the processing services we provide will also depend on our ability to control our costs associated with providing such services. 

We cannot
assure you that we will enter into additional agreements to provide processing services or that our existing agreement with NYMEX will not be terminated prior to the end of its term or that any agreement would be renewed after its initial term or
that any renewal will be on terms as favorable to us. For example, under the terms of our agreement with NYMEX, either party between the fifth and sixth anniversary of the first launch date may terminate the contract by providing notice and paying
the other party a termination fee. Any such event could have an adverse effect on our revenues. 

Our market data fees may be reduced or eliminated by
decreased demand or the growth of electronic trading and electronic order entry systems. If we are unable to offset that reduction through terminal usage fees or transaction fees, we will experience a reduction in revenue. 

We sell our market data to individuals and organizations that use our markets or monitor general economic conditions. Revenues from our market data totaled $145.1
million, representing 8% of our total revenues, and $80.8 million, or 7% of our total revenues, during the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006, respectively. A decrease in overall trading volume may also lead to a decreased demand for our
market data from the market data vendors. Additionally, electronic trading systems do not usually impose separate charges for supplying market data to trading terminals. If we do not separately charge for market data supplied to trading terminals,
and trading terminals with access to our markets become widely available, we could lose market data fees from those who have access to trading terminals. We will experience a reduction in our revenues if we are unable to recover that lost quote fee
revenue through terminal usage fees or transaction fees. 

If we experience systems failures or capacity constraints, our ability to conduct our
operations and execute our business strategy could be materially harmed and we could be subjected to significant costs and liabilities. 

We are
heavily dependent on the capacity and reliability of the computer and communications systems and software supporting our operations. We receive and/or process a large portion of our trade orders through electronic means, such as through public and
private communications networks. Our systems, or those of our third party providers, may fail or operate slowly, causing one or more of the following to occur: 

•

 unanticipated disruptions in service to our customers; 

•

 slower response times; 

•

 delays in our customers’ trade execution; 

•

 failed settlement of trades; 

34 

Table of Contents

•

 incomplete or inaccurate accounting, recording or processing of trades; 

•

 financial losses; 

•

 security breaches; 

•

 litigation or other customer claims; 

•

 loss of customers; and 

•

 regulatory sanctions. 

We cannot assure you that we
will not experience systems failures from power or telecommunications failure, acts of God, war or terrorism, human error, natural disasters, fire, sabotage, hardware or software malfunctions or defects, computer viruses, acts of vandalism or
similar events. If any of our systems do not operate properly or are disabled, including as a result of system failure, employee or customer error or misuse of our systems, we could suffer financial loss, liability to customers, regulatory
intervention or reputational damage that could affect demand by current and potential users of our market. 

From time to time, we have experienced system
errors and failures that have resulted in some customers being unable to connect to our electronic trading platform or erroneous reporting, such as transactions that were not authorized by any customer or reporting of filled orders as cancelled. For
example, we have experienced technical failures that resulted in a temporary suspension of trading on the CME Globex platform. The impact of these events has not been material. However, we cannot assure you that if we experience system errors or
failures in the future that they will not be material. 

Our status as a CFTC registrant generally requires that our trade execution and communications
systems be able to handle anticipated present and future peak trading volume. Heavy use of our computer systems during peak trading times or at times of unusual market volatility could cause our systems to operate slowly or even to fail for periods
of time. We constantly monitor system loads and performance and regularly implement system upgrades to handle estimated increases in trading volume. However, we cannot assure you that our estimates of future trading volume and order messaging
traffic will be accurate or that our systems will always be able to accommodate actual trading volume and order messaging traffic without failure or degradation of performance. Increased CME Globex trading volume and order messaging traffic may
result in connectivity problems or erroneous reports that may affect users of the platform. System failure or degradation could lead our customers to file formal complaints with industry regulatory organizations, to file lawsuits against us or to
cease doing business with us or could lead the CFTC or other regulators to initiate inquiries or proceedings for failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations. 

We will need to continue to upgrade, expand and increase the capacity of our systems as our business grows and we execute our business strategy. Our goal is to design our systems to handle at least one and a half
times our peak historical transactions in our highest volume products. As volumes of transactions grow, the ability of our systems to meet this goal on an ongoing basis depends on our ability to increase our system capacity on a timely basis while
maintaining system reliability. Although many of our systems are designed to accommodate additional volume and products and services without redesign or replacement, we will need to continue to make significant investments in additional hardware and
software to accommodate the increases in volume of transactions and order transaction traffic and to provide processing services to third parties. If we cannot increase the capacity and capabilities of our systems to accommodate an increasing volume
of transactions and to execute our business strategy, our ability to maintain or expand our businesses would be adversely affected. 

35 

Table of Contents

Some of our largest clearing firms have indicated their belief that clearing facilities should not be owned or
controlled by exchanges and should be operated as utilities and not–for–profit. These clearing firms have sought, and may seek in the future, legislative or regulatory changes that would, if adopted, enable them to use alternative clearing
services for positions established on our exchanges. Even if they are not successful, these factors may cause them to limit the use of our markets. 

Some of our largest clearing firms, which are significant customers and intermediaries in our products, have stressed the importance to them of centralizing clearing of futures contracts and options on futures contracts in order to maximize
the efficient use of their capital, exercise greater control over their value at risk and extract greater operating leverage from clearing activities. Many clearing firms have expressed the view that clearing firms should control the governance of
clearing houses or that clearing houses should be operated as utilities rather than as part of for-profit enterprises. Some of these firms, along with the Futures Industry Association, have sought, and may seek in the future, legislative or
regulatory changes to be adopted that would facilitate mechanisms or policies that allow market participants to transfer positions from an exchange-owned clearing house to a clearing house owned and controlled by clearing firms. Additionally, in
January 2008, the U.S. Department of Justice submitted a comment letter to the U.S. Department of the Treasury in response to the Department of the Treasury’s request for comment on the regulatory regime of the financial services industry. The
comment letter stated that vertical integration of futures clearing houses impedes competition and should be reconsidered. Our strategic business plan is to operate a vertically integrated transaction execution, clearing and settlement business. If
these legislative or regulatory changes are adopted, our strategy and business plan may lead clearing firms to establish, or seek to use, alternative clearing houses for clearing positions established on our exchanges. Even if they are not
successful in their efforts, the factors described above may cause clearing firms to limit or stop the use of our products and markets. If any of these events occur, our revenues and profits would be adversely affected. 

We depend on third party suppliers and service providers for a number of services that are important to our business. An interruption or cessation of an important
supply or service by any third party could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We depend on a number of suppliers, such as banking,
clearing and settlement organizations, telephone companies, online service providers, data processors, and software and hardware vendors for elements of our trading, clearing and other systems, as well as communications and networking equipment,
computer hardware and software and related support and maintenance. We cannot assure you that any of these providers will be able to continue to provide these services in an efficient, cost-effective manner or that they will be able to adequately
expand their services to meet our needs. An interruption in or the cessation of an important supply or service by any third party and our inability to make alternative arrangements in a timely manner, or at all, would result in lost revenue and
higher costs. 

Our networks and those of our third party service providers may be vulnerable to security risks, which could result in wrongful use of
our information or cause interruptions in our operations that cause us to lose customers and trading volume and result in significant liabilities. We could also be required to incur significant expense to protect our systems. 

We expect the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks to continue to be a critical element of our operations. Our networks and those of our
third party service providers and our customers may be vulnerable to unauthorized access, computer viruses and other security problems. Persons who circumvent security measures could wrongfully use our information or cause interruptions or
malfunctions in our operations. Any of these events could cause us to lose customers or trading volume. We may be required to expend significant resources to protect against the threat of security breaches or to alleviate problems, including
reputational harm and litigation, caused by breaches. Although we intend to continue to implement security measures, these measures may prove to be inadequate and result in system failures and delays that could cause us to lose customers, experience
lower trading volume and incur significant liabilities. 

36 

Table of Contents

We operate in a heavily regulated environment that imposes significant costs and competitive burdens on our
business. 

Although the CFMA significantly reduced our regulatory burdens, we remain extensively regulated by the CFTC. Our international operations
may be subject to similar regulations in specific jurisdictions. We are registered in a number of countries outside the United States. In some cases, our registrations are subject to annual review and such reviews may subject us to additional
requirements in the future. We may also be required to register or become subject to regulation in other jurisdictions in order to accept business from customers in those jurisdictions. 

Many aspects of our operations are subject to oversight and regulation by the CFTC. Our activities relating to single stock and narrow-based stock index futures products are also subject to oversight by the SEC. Our
operations are subject to ongoing review and oversight, including: 

•

 the security and soundness of our order routing and trading systems; 

•

 record keeping and record retention procedures; 

•

 maintaining a fair and orderly market; 

•

 the licensing of our members and many of their employees; and 

•

 the conduct of our directors, officers, employees and affiliates. 

If we fail to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations, we may be subject to censure, fines, cease-and-desist orders, suspension of our business, removal of personnel or other sanctions, including revocation
of our designations as a contract market and derivatives clearing organization. 

The CFTC has broad powers to investigate and enforce compliance and punish
non-compliance with its rules and regulations. We cannot assure you that we and/or our directors, officers, employees and affiliates will be able to fully comply with these rules and regulations. We also cannot assure you that we will not be subject
to claims or actions by the CFTC or other agencies. 

Demutualization and the increasing utilization of electronic trading systems by traders from remote
locations may, among other developments, impact our ability to continue the traditional form of “self-regulation” that has been an integral part of the CFTC regulatory program. On February 1, 2007, the CFTC issued recommendations as
to an appropriate means for designated contract markets to comply with the core principle requiring self-regulatory organizations to mitigate potential conflicts of interest. The recommendations require at least 35% of the board of directors of a
designated contract market to be directors with no material relationship with the exchange, including memberships on the exchange. The CFTC has not announced an effective date and is currently reviewing these recommendations. As a result of our
merger with CBOT Holdings, our Board of Directors is now comprised of 30 members of which nine have no industry affiliation other than service on our Board. We have not yet completed our assessment as to whether such directors would be considered to
have no material relationship with the exchange for purposes of the CFTC recommendation. We cannot guarantee that our Board will be in compliance with the recommendations. To the extent we are not in compliance, we will be required to demonstrate to
the CFTC how we otherwise meet the requirements of the core principle. 

From time to time it is proposed in Congress that federal financial markets
regulators should be consolidated, including a possible merger between the CFTC and the SEC. For example, in 2007, the U.S. Department of the Treasury solicited comments as part of its evaluation of the regulatory structure associated with financial
institutions. While those proposals have not been adopted to date, the perceived convergence of product lines offered on the securities and commodity exchanges could make adoption more likely. To the extent the regulatory environment following such
consolidation is less beneficial for us, our business, financial condition and operating results could be negatively affected. 

The CFTC is subject to
reauthorization every five years, which was scheduled to be completed in 2005. This process is still ongoing and could result in legislation that may have a negative impact on the way we operate our exchange, including our ability to operate our
self-regulatory functions or effectively compete with new entrants into our market place. 

37 

Table of Contents

From time to time, including most recently in 2008, the President’s budget includes a proposal that a transaction
tax be imposed on futures and options on futures transactions. While those proposals have not been adopted to date, except for a per-contract fee imposed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 on single stock futures and futures on narrow-based
stock indexes, the imposition of any such tax would increase the cost of using our products and, consequently, could adversely impact our trading volumes, revenues and profits. 

Changes in laws, regulations or governmental policies could have a material adverse effect on the way we conduct our business. 

Our compliance and risk management methods might not be effective and may result in outcomes that could adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results. 

Generally, the CFTC has broad enforcement powers to censure, fine, issue cease-and-desist orders, prohibit us from engaging in some of our businesses or suspend or
revoke our designation as a contract market or the registration of any of our officers or employees who violate applicable laws or regulations. Our ability to comply with applicable laws and rules is largely dependent on our establishment and
maintenance of compliance, audit and reporting systems, as well as our ability to attract and retain qualified compliance and other risk management personnel. We face the risk of significant intervention by regulatory authorities, including
extensive examination and surveillance activity. In the case of non-compliance or alleged non-compliance with applicable laws or regulations, we could be subject to investigations and judicial or administrative proceedings that may result in
substantial penalties or civil lawsuits, including by customers, for damages, which can be significant. Any of these outcomes would adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and operating results. In extreme cases, these outcomes could
adversely affect our ability to conduct our business. 

Our policies and procedures to identify, monitor and manage our risks may not be fully effective.
Some of our risk management methods depend upon evaluation of information regarding markets, customers or other matters that are publicly available or otherwise accessible by us. That information may not in all cases be accurate, complete,
up-to-date or properly evaluated. Management of operational, legal and regulatory risk requires, among other things, policies and procedures to record properly and verify a large number of transactions and events. We cannot assure you that our
policies and procedures will always be effective or that we will always be successful in monitoring or evaluating the risks to which we are or may be exposed. 

As a financial services provider, we are subject to significant litigation risk and potential securities law liability. 

Many
aspects of our business involve substantial liability risks. While we enjoy governmental immunity for some of our market-related activities, we could be exposed to substantial liability under federal and state laws and court decisions, as well as
rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC and the CFTC. These risks include, among others, potential liability from disputes over terms of a trade, the claim that a system failure or delay caused monetary losses to a customer, that we entered
into an unauthorized transaction or that we provided materially false or misleading statements in connection with a transaction. Dissatisfied customers frequently make claims regarding quality of trade execution, improperly settled trades,
mismanagement or even fraud against their service providers. We may become subject to these claims as a result of failures or malfunctions of our systems and services we provide. We could incur significant legal expenses defending claims, even those
without merit. In addition, an adverse resolution of any future lawsuit or claim against us could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We
could be harmed by misconduct or errors that are difficult to detect and deter. 

There have been a number of highly publicized cases involving
fraud or other misconduct by employees of financial services firms in recent years. Misconduct by our employees and agents, including employees of GFX, our wholly-owned subsidiary that engages primarily in proprietary trading in foreign exchange
futures, could include hiding unauthorized activities from us, improper or unauthorized activities on behalf of customers or improper use of confidential information. Misconduct could subject us to financial losses or regulatory sanctions and
seriously harm our reputation. It is not always possible to deter misconduct, and the precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in all cases. Our employees and agents also may commit errors that could subject us to
financial claims for negligence, as well as regulatory actions. For example, employees of GFX enter into transactions to promote liquidity in foreign exchange contracts on the CME Globex platform and subsequently enter into offsetting transactions
using futures contracts or spot foreign exchange transactions with approved counterparties in the interbank market to limit market risk. In the event the offsetting transaction is not entered into or is not timely or properly executed, we could be
exposed to substantial market risk. 

38 

Table of Contents

We may have difficulty executing our growth strategy and maintaining our growth effectively. 

We have experienced significant growth in our business. Continued growth may require additional investment in personnel, facilities, information technology
infrastructure and financial and management systems and controls and may place a significant strain on our management and resources. We may not be successful in implementing all of the processes that are necessary to support our growth organically
or, as described in the following risk factor, through acquisitions or other strategic alliances. Unless our growth results in an increase in our revenues that is proportionate to the increase in our costs associated with our growth, our future
profitability could be adversely affected, and we may have to incur significant expenditures to address the additional operational and control requirements as a result of our growth. 

Our acquisition, investment and alliance strategy involves risks. If we are unable to effectively manage these risks, our business will be materially harmed. 

To achieve our strategic objectives, in the future we may seek to acquire or invest in other companies, businesses or technologies. Acquisitions entail numerous risks,
including the following: 

•

 difficulties in the assimilation of acquired businesses or technologies; 

•

 diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns; 

•

 assumption of unknown material liabilities; 

•

 difficulties in implementing adequate compliance and risk management methods for new operations; 

•

 failure to achieve financial or operating objectives; 

•

 potential loss of customers or key employees of acquired companies; and 

•

 exposure to foreign currency, which exposure may or may not be hedged or partially hedged; 

•

 difficulties in receiving approval from governmental authorities. 

We may not be able to integrate successfully any operations, personnel, services or products that we have acquired or may acquire in the future. See “Risks Relating to the Merger with CBOT Holdings” for
additional risks. 

Additionally, we may need to incur significant indebtedness in order to finance future acquisitions. Such indebtedness may: 

•

 require us to dedicate a significant portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of cash flow to fund
capital expenditures, to pursue other acquisitions or investments in new technologies, to pay dividends and for general corporate purposes; 

•

 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic conditions, including increases in interest rates if the borrowings bear interest at variable rates; and

•

 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in or challenges relating to our business and industry. 

We also may seek to expand or enhance some of our operations by forming joint ventures or alliances with various strategic partners throughout the world. Entering into
joint ventures and alliances also entails risks, including difficulties in developing and expanding the business of newly formed joint ventures, exercising influence over the activities of joint ventures in which we do not have a controlling
interest, and potential conflicts with our joint venture or alliance partners. We cannot assure you that any joint venture or alliance that we have entered into or may enter into in the future, will be successful. 

39 

Table of Contents

The imposition in the future of regulations requiring that clearing houses establish linkages with other clearing
houses whereby positions at one clearing house can be transferred to and maintained at, or otherwise offset by a fungible position existing at, another clearing house may have a material adverse effect on the operation of our business.

In connection with the trading of single stock futures and futures on narrow-based stock indexes, the CFMA contemplates that clearing houses will
establish linkages enabling a position in any such product executed on an exchange for which it clears these products to be offset by an economically linked or fungible position on the opposite side of the market that is executed on another exchange
utilizing a different clearing house. If, in the future, a similar requirement is imposed with respect to futures contracts generally, the resulting unbundling of trade execution and clearing services would have a material adverse effect on our
revenues and profits. 

Expansion of our operations internationally involves special challenges that we may not be able to meet, which could adversely
affect our financial results. 

We plan to continue to expand our operations internationally, including by directly placing order entry terminals
with customers outside the United States and by relying on distribution systems established by our current and future strategic alliance partners. We face certain risks inherent in doing business in international markets, particularly in the
regulated derivatives exchange business. These risks include: 

•

 restrictions on the use of trading terminals or the contracts that may be traded; 

•

 becoming subject to extensive regulations and oversight, tariffs and other trade barriers; 

•

 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

•

 general economic and political conditions in the countries from which our markets are accessed, which may have an adverse effect on our volume from those countries;
and 

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences. 

In addition,
as a result of our expanding global operations, we may become subject to the laws and regulations of foreign governmental and regulatory authorities. These may include laws, rules and regulations relating to any aspect of the derivatives business.
To date, we have had limited experience in marketing and operating our products and services internationally. We cannot assure you that we will be able to succeed in marketing our products and services in international markets. We may also
experience difficulty in managing our international operations because of, among other things, competitive conditions overseas, management of foreign exchange risk, established domestic markets, language and cultural differences and economic or
political instability. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on the success of our international operations and, consequently, on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Our business is subject to risks related to our real estate holdings. 

Revenue from our real estate operations represented about 1% of our operating revenue for the year ended December 31, 2007. Lower occupancy rates, market rental rates and non-renewal of leases by tenants could have a material adverse
effect on revenue from building operations. Any decrease in leased space could also affect future building service revenue if there is no corresponding demand for the vacated office space. Furthermore, most of our tenants are engaged in businesses
that are directly or indirectly related to the brokerage/trading industry or related areas of financial services and adverse business conditions affecting those businesses could have a material adverse effect on our occupancy rates and building
services revenues. 

We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights, which may materially harm our business. 

We rely primarily on trade secret, copyright, service mark, trademark and patent law and contractual protections to protect our proprietary technology and other
proprietary rights. We have filed several patent applications covering our technology in the United States and certain other jurisdictions. Notwithstanding the precautions we take to protect our intellectual property rights, it is possible that
third parties may copy or otherwise obtain and use our proprietary technology without authorization or otherwise infringe on our rights. We also seek to protect our software and databases as trade secrets and under copyright law. We have copyright
registrations for certain of our software, user manuals and databases. The copyright protection afforded to databases, however, is fairly limited. 

40 

Table of Contents

While the arrangement and selection of data generally are protectable, the actual data may not be, and others may be free to create databases that would
perform the same function. In some cases, including a number of our most important products, there may be no effective legal recourse against duplication by competitors. In addition, in the future, we may have to rely on litigation to enforce our
intellectual property rights, protect our trade secrets, determine the validity and scope of the proprietary rights of others or defend against claims of infringement or invalidity. Any such litigation, whether successful or unsuccessful, could
result in substantial costs to us and diversions of our resources, either of which could adversely affect our business. 

Any infringement by us on
patent rights of others could result in litigation and adversely affect our ability to continue to provide, or increase the cost of providing, our products and electronic execution services. 

Patents of third parties may have an important bearing on our ability to offer certain of our products and services. Our competitors as well as other companies and
individuals may obtain, and may be expected to obtain in the future, patents related to the types of products and services we offer or plan to offer. We cannot assure you that we are or will be aware of all patents containing claims that may pose a
risk of infringement by our products and services. In addition, some patent applications in the United States are confidential until a patent is issued and, therefore, we cannot evaluate the extent to which our products and services may be covered
or asserted to be covered by claims contained in pending patent applications. These claims of infringement are not uncommon in our industry. 

In general,
if one or more of our products or services were to infringe on patents held by others, we may be required to stop developing or marketing the products or services, to obtain licenses to develop and market the services from the holders of the patents
or to redesign the products or services in such a way as to avoid infringing on the patent claims. We cannot assess the extent to which we may be required in the future to obtain licenses with respect to patents held by others, whether such licenses
would be available or, if available, whether we would be able to obtain such licenses on commercially reasonable terms. If we were unable to obtain such licenses, we may not be able to redesign our products or services to avoid infringement, which
could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We may be at greater risk from terrorism than other
companies. 

We may be more likely than other companies to be a direct target of, or an indirect casualty of, attacks by terrorists or terrorist
organizations. 

It is impossible to predict the likelihood or impact of any terrorist attack on the derivatives industry generally or on our business. In
the event of an attack or a threat of an attack, our security measures and contingency plans may be inadequate to prevent significant disruptions in our business, technology or access to the infrastructure necessary to maintain our business. Damage
to our facilities due to terrorist attacks may be significantly in excess of any amount of insurance received, or we may not be able to insure against such damage at a reasonable price or at all. The threat of terrorist attacks may also negatively
affect our ability to attract and retain employees. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

Risks Relating to the Merger with CBOT Holdings 

We may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of our
merger with CBOT Holdings. 

On July 12, 2007, CME Holdings completed its merger with CBOT Holdings and CBOT Holdings was merged with and into
CME Holdings. The success of the merger will depend, in part, on our ability to achieve the anticipated cost synergies and other strategic benefits from combining the businesses of CME Holdings and CBOT Holdings. We expect CME Group to benefit from
operational synergies resulting from the consolidation of capabilities and elimination of redundancies as well as greater efficiencies from increased scale, market integration and more automation. We expect annual expense savings of more than $100
million in 2008. However, to realize these anticipated benefits, we must successfully combine the businesses of CME Holdings and CBOT Holdings. If we are not able to achieve these objectives, the anticipated cost synergies and other strategic
benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected. We may fail to realize some or all of the anticipated benefits of the transaction in the amounts and times projected for a number of reasons,
including that the integration may take longer than anticipated or be more costly than anticipated. 

41 

Table of Contents

The failure to integrate successfully the businesses and operations of CME Holdings and CBOT Holdings in the
expected time frame may adversely affect CME Group’s future results. 

Prior to the completion of the merger, CME Holdings and CBOT Holdings
historically operated as independent companies. The management of CME Group may face significant challenges in consolidating the functions of CME Holdings and CBOT Holdings and their subsidiaries, integrating their technologies, organizations,
procedures, policies and operations, as well as addressing differences in the business cultures of the two companies and retaining key personnel. Our remaining integration efforts include the consolidation of the two trading floors, the
consolidation of market data services and the consolidation of certain regulatory functions. The integration process is complex and time consuming, and requires substantial resources and effort. The integration process and other disruptions
resulting from the merger may also disrupt our ongoing businesses or cause inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect our relationships with members of CME and CBOT and other market participants, employees,
regulators and others with whom we have business or other dealings. In addition, difficulties in integrating the businesses or regulatory functions of CME Holdings and CBOT Holdings could harm the reputation of CME Group. 

We have incurred costs in connection with the merger and will continue to incur costs in connection with the merger. 

CME Holdings and CBOT Holdings have incurred significant costs associated with transaction fees, professional services and other costs related to the merger and CME
Group will continue to incur additional costs, including restructuring costs, in connection with the integration of the business. Specifically, through December 31, 2007, CME Holdings and CBOT Holdings have incurred approximately $114.3 million
for costs related to their merger. Although CME Group expects that the realization of efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses will offset incremental transaction, merger-related and restructuring costs over time, this net benefit
may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. 

We may incur significant indebtedness in order to finance the guarantee of the Chicago Board
Options Exchange exercise right privileges, which may limit our operating flexibility, and we may not realize the value of the exercise right privileges we purchased. 

On September 26, 2007, we purchased 159 CBOE exercise right privileges (ERPs) from CBOT members. At December 31, 2007, these acquired ERPs totaled $36.6 million and were recorded in other non-current assets
in our consolidated balance sheets. Additionally, eligible holders of ERPs are entitled to a maximum guaranteed payment from us of $250,000 upon resolution of the lawsuit between CBOT and CBOE. In connection with this guarantee, we have
recorded a liability of $14.0 million related to the fair value of the guarantee obligation which is included in other non-current liabilities in our consolidated balance sheets. The value of the outstanding guarantee and the value of the ERPs we
acquired will continue to be adjusted on a quarterly basis until the lawsuit is resolved. To the extent the lawsuit results in no recovery, our obligation under the guarantee would be $293.0 million which would require us to dedicate a significant
portion of our cash on hand or incur additional indebtedness. Additionally, in such event, we would be required to write off the ERPs owned by us.