Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This report includes statements of our expectations, intentions, plans and beliefs that constitute “forward-looking statements”
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are intended to come within the safe harbor protection provided by those sections. These statements, which involve
risks and uncertainties, relate to the discussion of our business strategies and our expectations concerning future operations, margins, profitability, liquidity and capital resources and to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts
of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. Forward-looking statements include our projections of the number of restaurants we expect to open in 2012, our estimates of the amount of certain expected expenses and potential
changes in our comparable restaurant sales during 2012, statements of our intention to open restaurants in one or more specified locations, statements regarding the potential impact of ongoing economic uncertainty on our business, and our
projections of our effective tax rate for 2012. We have used words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,”
“think,” “estimate,” “seek,” “expect,” “predict,” “could,” “project,” “potential” and other similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions, in this
report to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made based on expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting us and are subject to uncertainties, risks and factors relating to our operations and
business environments, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Such risks
and other factors include those listed in this Item 1A. “Risk Factors,” and elsewhere in this report. 

When
considering these forward-looking statements, you should keep in mind the cautionary statements in this report and future reports we file with the SEC. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and we cannot predict those events or how
they may affect us. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report as a result of new information, future events or developments, except as required by applicable laws and regulations. 

Increasing our sales and profitability depends substantially on our ability to open new restaurants, which is subject to many
unpredictable factors. 

We operated 1,230 restaurants as of December 31, 2011. We plan to increase the number of
our restaurants significantly in the next three years, and plan to open between 155 and 165 new restaurants in 2012. However, we have in the past experienced delays in opening some restaurants and that could happen again as a result of any of the
following factors: 

•

 our potential inability to locate and secure new restaurant sites in locations that we believe to be attractive; 

•

 obstacles to hiring and training qualified operating personnel in the local market; 

•

 delay or cancellation of new site development by developers and landlords, which may become increasingly common during periods of economic uncertainty
or tight credit; 

•

 difficulty managing construction and development costs of new restaurants at affordable levels, particularly in competitive markets;

•

 difficulty negotiating leases with acceptable terms; 

•

 any shortages of construction materials and labor; 

•

 lack of availability of, or inability to obtain, adequate supplies of ingredients that meet our quality standards; 

9 

Table of Contents

•

 failures or delays in securing required governmental approvals (including construction, parking and other permits); and 

•

 the impact of inclement weather, natural disasters and other calamities. 

One of our biggest challenges is staffing new restaurants. We seek to hire only top-performing employees and to promote restaurant
managers from our crew, which may make it more difficult for us to staff all the restaurants we intend to open. Constraints on our hiring new employees are described further below under “Our business could be adversely affected by increased
labor costs or difficulties in finding the right employees for our restaurants.” 

Another significant challenge is
locating and securing an adequate supply of suitable new restaurant sites. Competition for those sites in our target markets can be intense, and development and leasing costs are increasing, particularly for urban locations. These factors may be
exacerbated by any ongoing tightness in credit markets, as developers may continue to delay or be unable to finance new projects. Delays or failures in opening new restaurants due to any of the reasons set forth above could materially and adversely
affect our growth strategy and our expected results. Moreover, as we open and operate more restaurants our rate of expansion relative to the size of our restaurant base will decline, which may in turn slow our sales and profitability growth.

Our progress in opening new restaurants from quarter to quarter may also occur at an uneven rate, which may result in
quarterly sales and profit growth falling short of market expectations in some periods. Similarly, our growth strategy and the substantial investment associated with the development of each new restaurant (as well as the impact of our new
restaurants on the sales of our existing restaurants) may cause our operating results to fluctuate and be unpredictable or adversely affect our profits. We expect that our new restaurant openings in 2012 will be weighted more heavily to the second
half of the year, though more evenly dispersed through the year than in 2011. The weighting of openings to the second half of 2012 may adversely affect our revenue growth during the first half of the year and our profitability in the second half.

Our sales and profit growth could be adversely affected if comparable restaurant sales increases are less than we
expect, and we may not successfully increase comparable restaurant sales. 

While future sales growth will depend
substantially on our opening new restaurants, changes in comparable restaurant sales (which represent the change in period-over-period sales for restaurants beginning in their 13th full month of operations) will also affect our sales growth and will
continue to be a critical factor affecting profit growth. This is because the profit margin on comparable restaurant sales is generally higher, as comparable restaurant sales increases enable fixed costs to be spread over a higher sales base.
Conversely, declines in comparable restaurant sales can have a significant adverse effect on profitability due to the loss of the higher profit margins associated with comparable restaurant sales increases. We expect comparable restaurant sales
increases in 2012 to be in the mid single digits due to difficult comparisons with 2011 and ongoing consumer and economic uncertainty. 

Our ability to increase comparable restaurant sales depends on many factors, including: 

•

 changes in consumer preferences and discretionary spending, including weaker consumer spending in difficult economic times such as those that have
persisted throughout much of the past three years; 

•

 consumer understanding and acceptance of the Chipotle experience and perceptions of the Chipotle brand; 

•

 our ability to increase menu prices without adversely impacting transaction counts to such a degree that the impact from lower transactions equals or
exceeds the benefit of the menu price increase; 

•

 competition, either from our competitors in the restaurant industry, or from our own restaurants as some customers who frequent one of our restaurants
may begin to visit one of our new restaurants instead; 

10 

Table of Contents

•

 executing our strategies effectively, including our development strategy, our marketing and branding strategies, our initiatives to increase the speed
at which our crew serves each customer, and expanded use of fax service lines and online ordering, each of which we may not be able to accomplish; 

•

 initial sales performance of new restaurants, which is subject to the risks described below under “Our new restaurants, once opened, may not be
profitable, and may adversely impact the sales of our existing restaurants”; 

•

 weather, road construction and other factors limiting access to new restaurants; and 

•

 changes in government regulation. 

A number of these factors are beyond our control. As a result of these factors it is possible that we will not achieve our targeted comparable restaurant sales or that the change in comparable restaurant
sales could be negative. If this were to happen, sales and profit growth would be adversely affected and our stock price would be likely to decline. 

Our new restaurants, once opened, may not be profitable, and may adversely impact the sales of our existing restaurants. 

Historically, many of our new restaurants have opened with an initial ramp-up period typically lasting 24 months or more, during
which they generated sales and income below the levels at which we expect them to normalize. This is in part due to the time it takes to build a customer base in a new area, higher fixed costs relating to increased labor and other start-up
inefficiencies that are typical of new restaurants, and a larger proportion of our recent openings being in higher rent sites than we have historically targeted. It may also be difficult for us to attract a customer base if we are not able to staff
our restaurants with employees who perform to our high standards. If we are unable to build the customer base that we expect for new restaurant locations or overcome the higher fixed costs associated with new restaurant locations, new restaurants
may not have similar results as our existing restaurants and may not be profitable. We also have lowered the average development cost of our new restaurants significantly in recent years, from about $916,000 in 2008 to about $800,000 in 2011, and
expect development costs in 2012 to be similar to 2011. In the event we are not able to achieve the average development costs we expect for 2012 or sustain the benefits achieved in prior years, which could result from inflation, project
mismanagement or other reasons, our new restaurant locations could also result in decreased profitability. 

In addition, we
have now opened restaurants in nearly all major metropolitan areas across the U.S. New restaurants opened in existing markets may adversely impact sales in previously-opened restaurants in the same market as customers who frequent our established
restaurants begin to visit a newly-opened restaurant instead. This impact could worsen as we open additional restaurants, and could make it more difficult for us to increase comparable restaurant sales and profitability. Existing restaurants could
also make it more difficult to build the customer base for newly-opened restaurants in the same market. 

Changes in food
and supply costs could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our profitability depends in part on our ability to
anticipate and react to changes in food and supply costs. Like all restaurant companies, we are susceptible to increases in food costs as a result of factors beyond our control, such as general economic conditions, seasonal fluctuations, weather
conditions, global demand, food safety concerns, generalized infectious diseases, fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, product recalls and government regulations. The cost of many basic foods for humans and animals, including corn, wheat, rice and soy
oil, has increased markedly in some years, resulting in upward pricing pressures on almost all of our raw ingredients including chicken, beef, tortillas and rice, increasing our food costs. Food prices for a number of our key ingredients escalated
markedly during 2011 and we expect that there will be additional pricing pressures on some of those ingredients, including beef, chicken, rice and beans, during 2012. We could also be adversely impacted by price increases specific to naturally
raised meats or other food items we buy as part of our Food With Integrity focus, the markets for which are generally smaller and more concentrated than the markets for commodity food products. Weather related issues, such as freezes or drought, may
also lead to temporary spikes in the prices of 

11 

Table of Contents

some ingredients such as produce or meats. Any increase in the prices of the ingredients most critical to our menu, such as beef, chicken, cheese, avocados, beans, rice, tomatoes and pork, would
adversely affect our operating results. Alternatively, in the event of cost increases with respect to one or more of our raw ingredients, we may choose to temporarily suspend serving menu items, such as one or more of our salsas, rather than paying
the increased cost for the ingredients. Any such changes to our available menu may negatively impact our restaurant traffic and comparable restaurant sales. 

Our business could be adversely affected by increased labor costs or difficulties in finding the right employees for our restaurants. 

Labor is a primary component of our operating costs, and we believe good managers and crew are a key part of our success. We devote
significant resources to recruiting and training our restaurant managers and crew. Increased labor costs due to factors like competition, increased minimum wage requirements, employee benefits and any changes in our restaurant staffing structure
would adversely impact our operating costs. Our success also depends in part on the energy and skills of our employees and our ability to hire, motivate and keep qualified employees, especially restaurant managers and crew members. Our failure to
find and keep enough employees who are a good fit with our culture could delay planned restaurant openings, result in higher employee turnover or require us to change our culture, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and
results of operations. Restaurant operators have traditionally experienced relatively high employee turnover rates. Any increase in our turnover rates for managers or crew could be costly. 

Various states in which we operate are considering or have already adopted new immigration laws, and the U.S. Congress and Department of
Homeland Security from time to time consider or implement changes to Federal immigration laws, regulations or enforcement programs as well. Some of these changes may increase our obligations for compliance and oversight, which could subject us to
additional costs and make our hiring process more cumbersome, or reduce the availability of potential employees. Although we require all workers to provide us with government-specified documentation evidencing their employment eligibility, some of
our employees may, without our knowledge, be unauthorized workers. This may subject us to fines or penalties, and we could experience adverse publicity that negatively impacts our brand and may make it more difficult to hire and keep qualified
employees. For example, following an audit by the Department of Homeland Security of the work authorization documents of our restaurant employees in Minnesota during 2010, we lost approximately 450 employees, resulting in a temporary increase in
labor costs and disruption of our operations, including slower throughput, as we trained new employees, as well as some degree of negative publicity. We are currently undergoing a similar audit in Virginia and the District of Columbia, and in April
2011 we received notice from the office of the United States Attorney for the District of Columbia that it is conducting an investigation into these matters through its criminal division. Termination of a significant number of employees in those or
other markets or across our company will disrupt our operations including slowing our throughput, and may also cause additional adverse publicity and temporary increases in our labor costs as we train new employees. Our financial performance could
be materially harmed as a result of any of these factors. 

Because we do not franchise, risks associated with hiring and
maintaining a large workforce, including increases in wage rates or the cost of employee benefits, compliance with laws and regulations related to the hiring, payment and termination of employees, and employee-related litigation, may be more
pronounced for us than for restaurant companies that shift some or all of these risks to franchisees. 

Instances of
food-borne or localized illnesses could cause the temporary closure of some restaurants or result in negative publicity, thereby resulting in a decline in our sales, and could adversely affect the price and availability of the meat, produce or dairy
we use to prepare our food. 

Instances of food-borne illnesses, real or perceived, whether at our restaurants or those
of our competitors, could result in negative publicity about us or the restaurant industry, which could adversely affect sales. For instance, on a small number of occasions a Chipotle restaurant has been associated with customer illness, and on
those occasions our sales have been adversely impacted, at times even in markets beyond those impacted by the illness. If our customers become ill from food-borne or localized illnesses, we could be forced to temporarily

12 

Table of Contents

close some restaurants. A decrease in customer traffic as a result of these health concerns or negative publicity, or as a result of a change in our menu or dining experience or a temporary
closure of any of our restaurants, would adversely impact our restaurant sales and profitability. 

In addition, reports linking
a nationwide outbreak of salmonella during the summer of 2008 to a variety of fresh produce items caused us to temporarily suspend serving some produce items in our foods or to otherwise alter our menu. Similarly, past outbreaks of E. coli relating
to certain food items caused consumers to avoid certain products and restaurant chains, Asian and European countries have experienced outbreaks of avian flu, and incidents of “mad cow” disease have occurred in Canadian and U.S. cattle
herds. These problems, other food-borne illnesses (such as hepatitis A or norovirus) and injuries caused by food tampering have had in the past, and could have in the future, an adverse affect on the price and availability of affected ingredients.
If we react to these problems by changing our menu or other key aspects of the Chipotle experience, we may lose customers who do not accept those changes, and may not be able to attract enough new customers to generate sufficient revenue to make our
restaurants profitable. Customers may also shift away from us if we choose to pass along to consumers any higher ingredient costs resulting from supply problems associated with outbreaks of food-borne illnesses, which would also have a negative
impact on our sales and profitability. 

We may not persuade customers of the benefits of paying our prices for
higher-quality food. 

Our success depends in large part on our ability to persuade customers that food made with
higher-quality ingredients is worth the prices they will pay at our restaurants relative to prices offered by some of our competitors, particularly those in the quick-service segment. We may not successfully educate customers about the quality of
our food, and customers may not care even if they do understand our approach. That could require us to change our pricing, advertising or promotional strategies, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or the brand
identity that we have tried to create. Consumers may also be more price-sensitive during difficult economic times, and we experienced some decrease in traffic during late 2008 and throughout 2009 that we attribute in part to menu price increases.
Recent reports have indicated continued consumer uncertainty that may persist during 2012, so our ability to increase sales may be significantly hampered for the foreseeable future. If we do elect to increase menu prices, it may adversely impact our
customer traffic. 

Governmental regulation may adversely affect our existing and future operations and results,
including by harming our ability to open new restaurants. 

We are subject to various federal, state and local
regulations. For example, we are subject to the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act, or ADA, and similar state laws that give civil rights protections to individuals with disabilities in the context of employment, public accommodations and other
areas. We may in the future have to modify restaurants, for example by adding access ramps or redesigning certain architectural features, to provide service to or make reasonable accommodations for disabled persons under these laws. The expenses
associated with these modifications, or any damages, legal fees and costs associated with litigating or resolving claims under the ADA or similar state laws, could be material. During 2010 an appeals court in California found that the design we
formerly used for our serving line had violated the ADA, and although we are continuing to defend that case, in the event we are not successful in our defense, losses in that case and related class actions may exceed our accruals and could have a
material impact on us. 

We are also subject to various federal and state laws governing our relationship with and other matters
pertaining to our employees, including wage and hour laws, requirements to provide meal and rest periods or other benefits, family leave mandates, requirements regarding working conditions and accommodations to certain employees, citizenship or work
authorization and related requirements, insurance and workers’ compensation rules and anti-discrimination laws. Complying with these rules subjects us to substantial expense and can be cumbersome, and can also expose us to liabilities from
claims for non-compliance. For example, a lawsuit has been filed against us in California alleging violations of state laws regarding employee record-keeping, meal and rest breaks, payment of overtime and related practices with respect to our
employees. We could suffer losses in this case or similar cases, and any such losses could be significant. In addition, several states in which we operate and the federal government have from time to time enacted minimum wage increases, and these
increases could 

13 

Table of Contents

increase our labor costs. We also are audited from time to time for compliance with citizenship or work authorization requirements as well, and recent audit activity in this area is described in
more detail above under “Our business could be adversely affected by increased labor costs or difficulties in finding the right employees for our restaurants.” Unauthorized workers may subject us to fines or penalties, and if any of
our workers are found to be unauthorized our business may be disrupted as we try to replace lost workers with additional qualified employees. We could also experience adverse publicity arising from immigration-related enforcement activity that
negatively impacts our brand and may make it more difficult to hire and keep qualified employees. 

From time to time we are the
target of litigation in connection with various of the laws and regulations that cover our business. The majority of this litigation occurs in California even though currently only about 16% of our restaurants are located there. As we continue to
expand in California, or if we are not able to effectively manage the increased litigation risks and expenses we have experienced in California, our business may be adversely impacted to a greater extent than if we did not operate in, or minimized
our operations in, California. 

A comprehensive U.S. health care reform law was enacted in 2010. We are evaluating the impact
the new law will have on our employees. Although we cannot predict with certainty the financial and operational impacts the new law will have on us, we expect that our expenses will significantly increase over the long term as a result of the law,
particularly in 2014 under the current version of the law, and any such increases will likely be large enough to materially impact our results of operations. 

In recent years, there has been an increased legislative, regulatory and consumer focus at the federal, state and municipal levels on the food industry including nutrition and advertising practices.
Restaurants operating in the quick-service and fast-casual segments have been a particular focus. For example, the State of California, New York City and a number of other jurisdictions around the U.S. have adopted regulations requiring that chain
restaurants include calorie information on their menu boards or make other nutritional information available. The U.S. health care reform law included nation-wide menu labeling and nutrition disclosure requirements as well, and our restaurants are
covered by these national requirements. Initiatives in the area of nutrition disclosure or advertising, such as requirements to provide information about the nutritional content of our food, may increase our expenses or slow customers as they move
through the line, decreasing our throughput. These initiatives may also change customer buying habits in a way that adversely impacts our sales. 

Each of our restaurants is also subject to state and local licensing and regulation by health, alcoholic beverage, sanitation, food and workplace safety and other agencies. We may experience material
difficulties or failures in obtaining the necessary licenses or approvals for new restaurants, which could delay planned restaurant openings. In addition, stringent and varied requirements of local regulators with respect to zoning, land use and
environmental factors could delay or prevent development of new restaurants in particular locations. 

We are subject to
federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations concerning the discharge, storage, handling, release and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances, as well as local ordinances restricting the types of packaging we can use in our
restaurants. We have not conducted a comprehensive environmental review of our properties or operations. We have, however, conducted investigations of some of our properties and identified contamination caused by third-party operations. We believe
any such contamination has been or should be addressed by the third party. If the relevant third party does not address or has not addressed the identified contamination properly or completely, then under certain environmental laws, we could be held
liable as an owner or operator to address any remaining contamination, sometimes without regard to whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the release or presence of hazardous or toxic substances. Any such liability could be material. Further,
we may not have identified all of the potential environmental liabilities at our properties, and any such liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our operations or results of operations. We also cannot predict what environmental laws
will be enacted in the future, how existing or future environmental laws will be administered or interpreted, or the amount of future expenditures that we may need to make to comply with, or to satisfy claims relating to, environmental laws.

14 

Table of Contents

Because we do not franchise, the costs of compliance and other risks associated with
government regulation of our business, as described above, may be more pronounced for us than for restaurant companies that shift some or all of these risks to franchisees. 

Competition could adversely affect us. 

The fast-casual,
quick-service and casual dining segments of the restaurant industry are highly competitive with respect to, among other things, taste, price, food quality and presentation, service, location and the ambience and condition of each restaurant. Our
competition includes a variety of restaurants in each of these segments, including locally owned restaurants and national and regional chains. Our competitors offer dine-in, carry-out and delivery services. Many of our competitors have existed
longer than we have and may have a more established market presence with substantially greater financial, marketing, personnel and other resources than we have. Among our main competitors are a number of multi-unit, multi-market Mexican food or
burrito restaurant concepts, some of which are expanding nationally. In addition, our strategy includes opening additional restaurants in existing markets, and as we do so sales may decline in our previously-opened restaurants as customers who
frequent our established restaurants begin to visit a newly-opened restaurant instead. 

Several of our competitors compete by
offering menu items that are specifically identified as low in carbohydrates, better for customers or otherwise targeted at particular consumer preferences. Many of our competitors in the fast-casual and quick-service segments of the restaurant
industry also emphasize lower-cost, “value meal” menu options, a strategy we do not currently pursue. Our sales may be adversely affected by these products and price competition. 

Moreover, new companies may enter our markets and target our customers. For example, additional competitive pressures have come more
recently from the deli sections and in-store cafés of several major grocery store chains, including those targeted at customers who want higher-quality food, as well as from convenience stores and casual dining outlets. These competitors may
have, among other things, lower operating costs, better locations, better facilities, better management, more effective marketing and more efficient operations than we have. 

Any of these competitive factors may adversely affect us and reduce our sales and profits. 

Our Food With Integrity philosophy subjects us to risks. 

Our
approach to competing in the restaurant industry depends in large part on our continued ability to adhere to the principle of Food With Integrity. We use a substantial amount of naturally raised and sustainably grown ingredients, and try to make our
food as fresh as we can, in light of pricing considerations. We do, however, face challenges associated with pursuing Food With Integrity. It can take longer to identify and secure relationships with suppliers that are able to meet our criteria, and
there are higher costs and other risks associated with purchasing naturally raised or sustainably grown ingredients. Growth rate and weight gain can be lower for chickens, cattle and pigs that are not fed sub-therapeutic antibiotics and for cattle
that are not given growth hormones. Organic and sustainable crops can take longer to grow and crop yields can be lower for organically or sustainably grown produce. Given the costs associated with natural and sustainable farming practices, and
recently due to decreased demand as a result of the weak economic environment, many large suppliers have not found it economical to pursue business in this area. Although as of December 31, 2011 we served naturally raised meat in all of our
restaurants in the U.S., we may experience shortages, particularly of naturally raised chicken or steak, due to suppliers suspending production, market conditions, or other forces beyond our control. A few of our markets reverted to serving
conventionally raised beef in early 2012 due to supply shortages. Furthermore, as we grow, the ability of our suppliers to expand output or otherwise increase their supplies to meet our needs may be constrained. Moreover, we are broadening our
commitment to serving local or organic produce and produce purchased from farmers markets when seasonally available. These initiatives may make it more difficult to keep quality consistent and present additional risk of food-borne illnesses given
the greater number of suppliers involved in such a system and the difficulty imposing our quality assurance programs on all such suppliers. 

15 

Table of Contents

Quality variations and food-borne illness concerns could adversely impact public perceptions of Food With Integrity or our brand generally. 

If as a result of any of these factors we are unable to obtain a sufficient and consistent supply of these ingredients on a cost-effective
basis, or at all, our food costs could increase, adversely impacting our operating margins. These factors could also cause us difficulties in aligning our brand with Food With Integrity, which could make us less popular among our customers and cause
sales to decline. Our commitment to Food With Integrity may also leave us open to actions against us or criticism from special interest groups whose ideas regarding food issues differ from ours or who believe we should pursue different or additional
goals with our Food With Integrity approach. Any adverse publicity that results from such criticism could damage our brand and adversely impact customer traffic at our restaurants. We may also face adverse publicity if suppliers, without our
knowledge, do not adhere to all of the elements of our Food With Integrity programs, such as naturally raised meat protocols, requirements for organic or sustainable growing methods, and similar criteria on which we base our purchasing decisions. If
any such supplier failures are publicized, our reputation would be harmed and our sales may be adversely impacted. 

Additionally, in response to increasing customer awareness and demand, some competitors have also begun to advertise their use of meats
raised without the use of antibiotics or growth hormones, dairy products from cows not treated with rBGH, and other ingredients similar to those we seek as part of our Food With Integrity philosophy. If competitors become known for using these types
of higher-quality or more sustainable ingredients, it may make it more difficult for us to differentiate Chipotle and our restaurants, which could adversely impact our operating results. 

Our expansion into new markets may present increased risks due to our unfamiliarity with those areas. 

Some of our new restaurants are located in or planned for markets where we have little or no operating experience. For instance, over the
past two years we’ve opened two restaurants in London, our first restaurants outside of North America, and we plan to open a restaurant in Paris in 2012. New markets, particularly outside the United States, may have different competitive
conditions, consumer tastes and discretionary spending patterns than our existing markets. As a result, new restaurants in those markets may be less successful than restaurants in our existing markets. Consumers in a new market may not be familiar
with the Chipotle brand, and we may need to build brand awareness in that market through greater investments in advertising and promotional activity than we originally planned. We may find it more difficult in new markets to hire, motivate and keep
qualified employees who can project our vision, passion and culture. Restaurants opened in new markets, particularly outside the United States, may also have lower average restaurant sales than restaurants opened in existing markets, and may have
higher construction, occupancy or operating costs than restaurants in existing markets. We may also have difficulty finding reliable suppliers or distributors or ones that can provide us, either initially or over time, with adequate supplies of
ingredients meeting our quality standards. Sales at restaurants opened in new markets may take longer to ramp up and reach expected sales and profit levels, and may never do so, thereby affecting our overall profitability. Some or all of these
factors may be more pronounced in markets outside the United States due to cultural, regulatory or economic differences with which we are not familiar, which may have a particularly adverse impact on our sales or profitability in those markets and
could thereby adversely impact our overall results. Our overall results may also be affected by currency risk on the transactions in other currencies and translation adjustments resulting from the conversion of our international financial results
into the U.S. dollar. 

ShopHouse Southeast Asian Kitchen may not contribute to our growth. 

We believe that the fundamental principles on which Chipotle restaurants are based—finding the very best sustainably raised
ingredients, prepared and cooked using classical methods in front of the customer, and served in an interactive format by special people dedicated to providing a great dining experience—can be adapted to cuisines other than the food we serve at
Chipotle. In order to see how our model works when we use different ingredients and a different style of food, we opened ShopHouse Southeast Asian Kitchen during 2011. Notwithstanding our opening of ShopHouse and our plans to open one additional
ShopHouse restaurant during 

16 

Table of Contents

2012, our immediate focus will remain on thoughtfully growing the Chipotle brand. As a result, we do not expect ShopHouse to contribute to our growth in a meaningful way for at least the next
several years, and we may determine not to move forward with the expansion of ShopHouse at all. This might limit our overall growth over the long term. 

We expect general and administrative expenses to increase significantly during 2012. 

Stock compensation awards are an important element of our compensation programs. Accounting rules require that we record non-cash stock-based compensation expense in connection with any stock compensation
awards, with the expense recorded for stock-only stock appreciation rights, or SOSARs, determined by valuing the awards based on a number of accepted valuation methodologies. As a result of the significant increase in the price of our common stock,
the computed value of SOSAR awards (and the associated non-cash stock-based compensation expense to be recorded) has increased significantly in recent years. Non-cash stock based compensation expense totaled approximately $43 million in 2011, and we
expect that amount to increase by at least 50 percent for 2012 based on the higher stock price used to compute the value of SOSARs awarded during 2012, as well as the potential for additional expense associated with performance shares if they are
determined to be probable to vest at a higher level. This significant increase will adversely impact our general and administrative expense for 2012. Our general and administrative expense for 2012 will also be impacted by up to $5.0 million in
expenses associated with our biennial All Managers Conference, which we will hold during the third quarter of 2012. These increases in general and administrative expense will adversely impact our operating income and earnings per share during 2012.

We could be party to litigation that could adversely affect us by distracting management, increasing our expenses or
subjecting us to material money damages and other remedies. 

We’re subject to numerous claims alleging violations
of federal and state law regarding workplace and employment matters, discrimination and similar matters, and we could become subject to class action or other lawsuits related to these or different matters in the future. Our customers also
occasionally file complaints or lawsuits against us alleging that we’re responsible for some illness or injury they suffered at or after a visit to our restaurants, or that we have problems with food quality, operations or our food related
disclosure or advertising practices. See “Governmental regulation may adversely affect our existing and future operations and results, including by harming our ability to open new restaurants,” above, for a description of particular
claims of this type. From time to time, we also face claims alleging that technology we use in our business infringes patents held by third parties. We believe the number of all of the foregoing types of claims has increased as our business has
grown and we have become more visible to potential plaintiffs and their lawyers. Regardless of whether any claims against us are valid, or whether we’re ultimately held liable, claims may be expensive to defend and may divert time and money
away from our operations and hurt our performance. A significant judgment for any claims against us could materially and adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting from these allegations may
also materially and adversely affect our reputation or prospects, which in turn could adversely affect our results. 

Failure to receive frequent deliveries of higher-quality food ingredients and other supplies could harm our operations.

Our ability to maintain our menu depends in part on our ability to acquire ingredients that meet our specifications
from reliable suppliers. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of ingredients caused by unanticipated demand, problems in production or distribution, food contamination, inclement weather, a supplier ceasing operations or other conditions could
adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of our ingredients, which could harm our operations. We have almost no long-term contracts with suppliers, and we have relied largely on the same third party distribution network as McDonald’s
Corporation. If any of our distributors or suppliers performs inadequately, or our distribution or supply relationships are disrupted for any reason, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely affected.
We currently depend on a limited number of suppliers for some of our key ingredients, including beef, pork, chicken, beans, rice, sour cream and tortillas. Due to the unique nature of the products we receive from our Food With Integrity

17 

Table of Contents

suppliers and as described in more detail above, these suppliers could be more difficult to replace if we were no longer able to rely on them. If we have to seek new suppliers and service
providers we may be subject to pricing or other terms less favorable than those we currently enjoy. If we cannot replace or engage distributors or suppliers who meet our specifications in a short period of time, that could increase our expenses and
cause shortages of food and other items at our restaurants, which could cause a restaurant to remove items from its menu. If that were to happen and customers change their dining habits as a result, affected restaurants could experience significant
reductions in sales during the shortage or thereafter. Our focus on a limited menu would make the consequences of a shortage of a key ingredient more severe. 

Changes in customer tastes and preferences, spending patterns and demographic trends could cause sales to decline. 

Changes in customer preferences, general economic conditions, discretionary spending priorities, demographic trends, traffic patterns and the type, number and location of competing restaurants affect the
restaurant industry. Our sales could be impacted by changes in consumer preferences in response to dietary concerns, including preferences regarding items such as calories, sodium, carbohydrates or fat. These changes could result in consumers
avoiding our menu items in favor of other foods. Our success also depends to a significant extent on consumer confidence, which is influenced by general economic conditions and discretionary income levels. Negative consumer sentiment in the wake of
the economic downturn has been widely reported over the past three years and according to some forecasts will continue during 2012. Our sales may decline during economic downturns or periods of uncertainty, which can be caused by various factors
such as high gasoline prices, high unemployment, declining home prices, tight credit markets or foreign political or economic unrest. Any material decline in consumer confidence or a decline in family “food away from home” spending could
cause our sales, operating results, profits, business or financial condition to decline. If we fail to adapt to changes in customer preferences and trends, we may lose customers and our sales may deteriorate. 

Our failure to manage our growth effectively could harm our business and operating results. 

Our plans call for a significant number of new restaurants. Our existing restaurant management systems, financial and management controls
and information systems may be inadequate to support our expansion. Managing our growth effectively will require us to continue to enhance these systems, procedures and controls and to hire, train and retain restaurant managers and crew. We also are
continuing to revise our field management structure, in an effort to develop additional top-performing restaurant managers more quickly. We may not respond quickly enough to the changing demands that our expansion will impose on management, crew and
existing infrastructure, and changes to our operating structure may result in increased costs or inefficiencies that we cannot currently anticipate. Changes as we grow may have a negative impact on the operation of our restaurants, and cost
increases resulting from our inability to effectively manage our growth could adversely impact our profitability. We also place a lot of importance on our culture, which we believe has been an important contributor to our success. As we grow, we may
have difficulty maintaining our culture or adapting it sufficiently to meet the needs of our operations. Our failure to foster and maintain our corporate culture could also harm our business and operating results. 

Our insurance coverage and self-insurance reserves may not cover future claims. 

We maintain various insurance policies for employee health, worker’s compensation, general liability and property damage. We are
self-insured for our health plans, and have purchased a fully-insured stop loss policy to help offset our liability for both individual and aggregate claim costs. We are also responsible for losses up to a certain limit for worker’s
compensation, general liability and property damage insurance. 

For policies under which we are responsible for losses, we
record a liability that represents our estimated cost of claims incurred and unpaid as of the balance sheet date. Our estimated liability is not discounted and is based on a number of assumptions and factors, including historical trends, actuarial
assumptions and economic conditions, and is closely monitored and adjusted when warranted by changing circumstances. Our history of claims experience is short and our significant growth rate could affect the accuracy of estimates based on

18 

Table of Contents

historical experience. Should a greater amount of claims occur compared to what was estimated or medical costs increase beyond what was expected, our accrued liabilities might not be sufficient
and we may be required to record additional expense. Unanticipated changes may also produce materially different amounts of expense than reported under these programs, which could adversely impact our results of operations. 

Our success may depend on the continued service and availability of key personnel. 

Our Chairman and co-Chief Executive Officer Steve Ells founded our company, has been the principal architect of our business strategy, and
has led our growth from a single restaurant in 1993 to over 1,200 restaurants today. Monty Moran, our co-Chief Executive Officer, and Jack Hartung, our Chief Financial Officer, have also served with us for several years and much of our growth has
occurred under their direction as well. We believe our executive officers have created an employee culture, food culture and business strategy at our company that has been critical to our success and that may be difficult to replicate under another
management team. We also believe that it may be difficult to locate and retain executive officers who are able to grasp and implement our unique strategic vision. If our company culture were to deteriorate following a change in leadership or a new
management team were to change or be unsuccessful in implementing our strategy, our growth prospects or future operating results may be adversely impacted. 

We may incur costs resulting from security risks we face in connection with our electronic processing and transmission of confidential customer information. 

We accept electronic payment cards for payment in our restaurants. During 2011 approximately 60% of our sales were attributable to credit
and debit card transactions, and credit and debit card usage could continue to increase. A number of retailers, including us, have experienced actual or potential security breaches in which credit and debit card information may have been stolen. In
August 2004, the merchant bank that processed our credit and debit card transactions informed us that we may have been the victim of a possible theft of card data. As a result, we recorded losses and related expenses totaling $4.3 million from
2004 through 2006. 

We may in the future become subject to additional claims for purportedly fraudulent transactions arising
out of the actual or alleged theft of credit or debit card information, and we may also be subject to lawsuits or other proceedings in the future relating to these types of incidents. Proceedings related to theft of credit or debit card information
may be brought by payment card providers, banks and credit unions that issue cards, cardholders (either individually or as part of a class action lawsuit) and federal and state regulators. Any such proceedings could distract our management from
running our business and cause us to incur significant unplanned losses and expenses. Consumer perception of our brand could also be negatively affected by these events, which could further adversely affect our results and prospects. 

We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could harm the value of our brands and adversely affect
our business. 

Our ability to successfully implement our business plan depends in part on our ability to further build
brand recognition using our trademarks, service marks, trade dress and other proprietary intellectual property, including our name and logos, our Food With Integrity strategy and the unique ambience of our restaurants. If our efforts to protect our
intellectual property are inadequate, or if any third party misappropriates or infringes on our intellectual property, either in print or on the internet, the value of our brands may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our
business and might prevent our brands from achieving or maintaining market acceptance. We are aware of restaurants in foreign jurisdictions using menu items, logos and other branding that we believe are based on our intellectual property, and our
ability to halt these restaurants from using these elements may be limited in jurisdictions in which we are not operating. This could have an adverse impact on our ability to successfully expand into other jurisdictions in the future. We may also
encounter claims from prior users of similar intellectual property in areas where we operate or intend to conduct operations. This could harm our image, brand or competitive position and cause us to incur significant penalties and costs. 

19 

Table of Contents

Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly and could fall below the
expectations of securities analysts and investors due to various factors. 

Our quarterly results may fluctuate
significantly because of various factors, including: 

•

 changes in comparable restaurant sales and customer visits, including as a result of declining consumer confidence or the introduction of new menu
items; 

•

 the timing of new restaurant openings and related revenues and expenses; 

•

 operating costs at newly opened restaurants, which are often materially greater during the first several months of operation;

•

 labor availability and wages of restaurant management and crew, as well as temporary fluctuations in labor costs as a result of large-scale changes in
workforce; 

•

 profitability of our restaurants, especially in new markets; 

•

 fluctuations in supply costs, particularly for our most significant food items; 

•

 our ability to raise menu prices without adversely impacting customer traffic; 

•

 the impact of inclement weather, natural disasters and other calamities, such as freezes that have impacted produce crops;

•

 variations in general economic conditions, including the impact of declining interest rates on our interest income; 

•

 negative publicity about the ingredients we use or the occurrence of food-borne illnesses or other problems at our restaurants;

•

 changes in consumer preferences and discretionary spending; 

•

 increases in infrastructure costs; 

•

 tax expenses, impairment charges and other non-operating costs; and 

•

 potential distraction or unusual expenses associated with our expansion into international markets or initiatives to explore new concepts.

Seasonal factors also cause our results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Our restaurant sales are
typically lower during the winter months and the holiday season and during periods of inclement weather (because fewer people are eating out) and higher during the spring, summer and fall months (for the opposite reason). Our restaurant sales will
also vary as a result of the number of trading days, that is, the number of days in a quarter when a restaurant is open. 

As a
result of these factors, results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter or for any year. Average restaurant sales or comparable restaurant sales in any particular future period may
decrease. In the future, operating results may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, which could cause our stock price to fall. We believe the market price of our common stock reflects high market expectations for our
future operating results, and as a result, if we fail to meet market expectations for our operating results in the future, any resulting decline in the price of our common stock could be significant. 

Restrictions and indemnities in connection with the tax treatment of the exchange offer through which we separated from
McDonald’s could adversely affect us. 

McDonald’s Corporation was our majority owner from 2000 until October
2006. We understand that the exchange offer McDonald’s completed in October 2006 to dispose of its interest in us was generally tax-free to McDonald’s and its shareholders. In order to protect the tax-free status of the exchange offer, in
the separation agreement we entered into with McDonald’s in connection with the separation we agreed among other things to indemnify McDonald’s for taxes and related losses it incurs as a result of the exchange failing to qualify as a

20 

Table of Contents

tax-free transaction in certain situations, if the taxes and related losses are attributable to (i) certain direct or indirect acquisitions of our stock or assets (regardless of whether we
consent to such acquisitions); (ii) negotiations, understandings, agreements or arrangements in respect of such acquisitions; or (iii) any amendment to our certificate of incorporation that affects the relative voting rights of any
separate classes of our common stock. In December 2009, following completion of an extensive due diligence process, we completed a share conversion eliminating the existence of our class B common stock, and with it the superior voting rights of the
class B common stock. In the event the share conversion is deemed to result in the McDonald’s exchange offer failing to qualify as a tax-free transaction, we may have an indemnification obligation under the provision described above. We
currently estimate that the indemnification obligation to McDonald’s could exceed $450 million, and this estimate does not take into account related losses and depends upon several factors that are beyond our control. As a consequence, the
indemnity to McDonald’s could vary substantially from the estimate and may be much greater. 

Our anti-takeover
provisions may delay or prevent a change in control of us, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

Certain provisions in our corporate documents and Delaware law may delay or prevent a change in control of us, which could adversely
affect the price of our common stock. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain some provisions that may make the acquisition of control of us without the approval of our board of directors more
difficult, including provisions relating to the nomination, election and removal of directors, the structure of the board of directors and limitations on actions by our shareholders. In addition, Delaware law also imposes some restrictions on
mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock. Any of these provisions, as well as the provisions of our separation agreement with McDonald’s described above under
“Restrictions and indemnities in connection with the tax treatment of the exchange offer through which we separated from McDonald’s could adversely affect us,” may discourage a potential acquirer from proposing or completing a
transaction that may have otherwise presented a premium to our shareholders.