Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This report includes statements of our expectations, intentions, plans and beliefs that constitute “forward-looking statements”
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are intended to come within the safe harbor protection provided by those sections. These statements, which involve
risks and uncertainties, relate to the discussion of our business strategies and our expectations concerning future operations, margins, profitability, liquidity and capital resources and to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts
of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. Forward-looking statements include our projections of the number of restaurants we expect to open in 2013, our expected comparable restaurant sales results during 2013, our
expectations for food cost inflation and food costs as a percentage of revenue in 2013, statements about potential menu price increases in 2013, projections of restaurant development costs and other expenses, statements of our intention to open
restaurants in one or more specified locations, statements regarding the potential impact of ongoing economic uncertainty on our business, statements about possible repurchases of our common stock, forecasts of marketing and promotional spending as
a percentage of revenue in 2013, and our projections of our effective tax rate for 2013. We have used words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,”
“anticipate,” “believe,” “think,” “estimate,” “seek,” “expect,” “predict,” “could,” “project,” “potential” and other similar terms and phrases,
including references to assumptions, in this report to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are made based on expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting us and are subject to uncertainties, risks and
factors relating to our operations and business environments, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed or implied by these
forward-looking statements. Such risks and other factors include those listed in this Item 1A. “Risk Factors,” and elsewhere in this report. 

When considering forward-looking statements in this report or that we make in other reports or statements, you should keep in mind the cautionary statements in this report and future reports we file with
the SEC. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and we cannot predict when they may arise or how they may affect us. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report as a result of new
information, future events or other developments, except as required by applicable laws and regulations. 

9 

Table of Contents

Risks Related to our Growth Strategy and Future Expansion 

Our sales and profit growth could be adversely affected if comparable restaurant sales increases are less than we expect, and we may
not successfully increase comparable restaurant sales or they may decrease. 

While future sales growth will depend
substantially on our opening new restaurants, changes in comparable restaurant sales (which represent the change in period-over-period sales for restaurants beginning in their 13th full month of operations) will also affect our sales growth and will
continue to be a critical factor affecting profit growth. This is because the profit margin on comparable restaurant sales is generally higher, as comparable restaurant sales increases enable fixed costs to be spread over a higher sales base.
Conversely, declines in comparable restaurant sales can have a significant adverse effect on profitability due to the loss of the positive impact on profit margins associated with comparable restaurant sales increases. We expect comparable
restaurant sales increases in 2013 to be flat or low single digit increases due to difficult comparisons and ongoing consumer and economic uncertainty. 

Our ability to increase comparable restaurant sales depends on many factors, including: 

•

 changes in consumer preferences and discretionary spending, including weaker consumer spending during periods of economic difficulty or uncertainty;

•

 consumer understanding and acceptance of the Chipotle experience and perceptions of the Chipotle brand; 

•

 our ability to increase menu prices without adversely impacting transaction counts to such a degree that the impact from lower transactions equals or
exceeds the benefit of the menu price increase; 

•

 any “trade down” by customers or other reduction in average check in response to price increases, which could reduce or eliminate the benefit
of the price increase on comparable restaurant sales; 

•

 competition, either from our competitors in the restaurant industry, or from our own restaurants in the event customers who frequent one of our
restaurants begin to visit one of our new restaurants instead; 

•

 executing our strategies effectively, including our development strategy, our marketing and branding strategies, our initiatives to increase the speed
at which our crew serves each customer, expanded use of fax service lines and online and other electronic ordering, and introductions of catering options and new menu items, each of which we may not be able to accomplish or which may not have the
impact we expect; 

•

 initial sales performance of new restaurants, which is subject to the risks described below under “Our new restaurants, once opened, may not be
profitable, and may adversely impact the sales of our existing restaurants”; 

•

 weather, road construction and other factors limiting access to our restaurants; and 

•

 changes in government regulation. 

As a result of these factors it is possible that we will not achieve our targeted comparable restaurant sales or that the change in comparable restaurant sales could be negative. A number of these factors
are beyond our control, and therefore we cannot assure that we will be able to sustain comparable restaurant sales increases. 

Beginning in the second quarter of 2012 our comparable restaurant sales increases decelerated, which we attribute in part to decreased
consumer spending and economic uncertainty, and the price of our stock declined significantly in the wake of this deceleration, including a decline of nearly 22% on the trading day following our second quarter 2012 earnings release. Any future
deceleration in or failure to meet market expectations for our comparable restaurant sales increases would likely result in another decline in the price of our common stock. 

10 

Table of Contents

Increasing our sales and profitability depends substantially on our ability to open
new restaurants, which is subject to many unpredictable factors. 

We operated 1,410 restaurants as of December 31,
2012. We plan to increase the number of our restaurants significantly in the next three years, and plan to open between 165 and 180 new restaurants in 2013. However, we have in the past experienced delays in opening some restaurants and that could
happen again as a result of any of the following factors: 

•

 our potential inability to locate and secure new restaurant sites in locations that we believe to be attractive; 

•

 obstacles to hiring and training qualified operating personnel in the local market; 

•

 delay or cancellation of new site development by developers and landlords, which may become increasingly common during periods of economic uncertainty
or tight credit; 

•

 difficulty managing construction and development costs of new restaurants at affordable levels, particularly in competitive markets;

•

 difficulty negotiating leases with acceptable terms; 

•

 any shortages of construction materials and labor; 

•

 lack of availability of, or inability to obtain, adequate supplies of ingredients that meet our quality standards; 

•

 failures or delays in securing required governmental approvals (including construction, parking and other permits); and 

•

 the impact of inclement weather, natural disasters and other calamities. 

One of our biggest challenges in opening new restaurants is staffing. We seek to hire only top-performing employees and to promote general
managers from our crew, which may make it more difficult for us to staff all the restaurants we intend to open. Constraints on our hiring new employees are described further below under “Risks Related to Operating in the Restaurant
Industry—
Our business could be adversely affected by increased labor costs or difficulties in finding the right employees for our restaurants and the right field leaders.” 

Another significant challenge is locating and securing an adequate supply of suitable new restaurant sites. Competition for suitable new
restaurant sites in our target markets can be intense, and development and leasing costs are increasing, particularly for urban locations. These factors may be exacerbated by any ongoing economic uncertainty, as developers may continue to delay or
be unable to finance new projects. Delays or failures in opening new restaurants due to any of the reasons set forth above could materially and adversely affect our growth strategy and our expected results. Moreover, as we open and operate more
restaurants our rate of expansion relative to the size of our restaurant base will decline, which may in turn slow our sales and profitability growth. 

Our progress in opening new restaurants from quarter to quarter may also occur at an uneven rate, which may result in quarterly sales and profit growth falling short of market expectations in some
periods. Similarly, our growth strategy and the substantial investment associated with the development of each new restaurant (as well as the impact of our new restaurants on the sales of our existing restaurants) may cause our operating results to
fluctuate and be unpredictable or adversely affect our profits. 

Our new restaurants, once opened, may not be
profitable, and may adversely impact the sales of our existing restaurants. 

Historically, many of our new restaurants
have opened with an initial ramp-up period typically lasting 24 months or more, during which they generated sales and income below the levels at which we expect them to normalize. This is in part due to the time it takes to build a customer
base in a new area, higher fixed costs relating to increased labor and other start-up inefficiencies that are typical of new restaurants, and a larger 

11 

Table of Contents

proportion of our recent openings being in higher rent sites than we have historically targeted. It may also be difficult for us to attract a customer base if we are not able to staff our
restaurants with employees who perform to our high standards. If we are unable to build the customer base that we expect for new restaurant locations or overcome the higher fixed costs associated with new restaurant locations, new restaurants may
not have similar results as our existing restaurants and may not be profitable. We also have lowered the average development cost for new Chipotle restaurants in the U.S. significantly in recent years, from about $916,000 in 2008 to about $800,000
in 2012. In the event we are not able to achieve the average development costs we expect for 2013 or sustain the benefits achieved in prior years, which could result from inflation, project mismanagement or other reasons, our new restaurant
locations could also result in decreased profitability. Additionally, our new restaurant development activity has broadened recently to incorporate trade areas or restaurant sites in which we have little or no prior experience, including smaller or
more economically mixed communities, highway sites, outlet centers, and restaurants in airports, food courts, or on military sites. The risks relating to building a customer base and managing development and operating costs may be more significant
in some or all of these types of trade areas or restaurant sites. 

In addition, we have now opened restaurants in nearly all
major metropolitan areas across the U.S. New restaurants opened in existing markets may adversely impact sales in previously-opened restaurants in the same market as customers who frequent our established restaurants begin to visit a newly-opened
restaurant instead. This impact could worsen as we open additional restaurants, and could make it more difficult for us to increase comparable restaurant sales and profitability. Existing restaurants could also make it more difficult to build the
customer base for newly-opened restaurants in the same market. 

Our expansion into new markets may present increased
risks due to our unfamiliarity with those areas. 

Some of our new restaurants are located in or planned for markets
where we have little or no operating experience. For instance, over the past three years we’ve opened five restaurants in London and one restaurant in Paris, our first restaurants outside of North America, and during 2013 we plan to open an
additional restaurant in London, an additional restaurant in Paris, and our first restaurant in Germany. New markets, particularly outside the U.S., may have different competitive conditions, consumer tastes and discretionary spending patterns than
our existing markets. As a result, new restaurants in those markets may be less successful than restaurants in our existing markets. Consumers in a new market may not be familiar with the Chipotle brand, and we may need to build brand awareness in
that market through greater investments in advertising and promotional activity than we originally planned. Due to lower consumer familiarity with the Chipotle brand in new markets, restaurants opened in these markets, particularly outside the U.S.,
may have lower average restaurant sales than restaurants opened in existing markets. We may find it more difficult in new markets to hire, motivate and keep qualified employees who can project our vision, passion and culture. In addition,
restaurants in new markets may have higher construction, occupancy or operating costs than restaurants in existing markets, and may also have difficulty finding reliable suppliers or distributors or ones that can provide us, either initially or over
time, with adequate supplies of ingredients meeting our quality standards. Sales at restaurants opened in new markets may take longer to ramp up and reach expected sales and profit levels, and may never do so, thereby affecting our overall
profitability. Some or all of these factors may be more pronounced in markets outside the U.S. due to cultural, regulatory or economic differences with which we are not familiar, which may have a particularly adverse impact on our sales or
profitability in those markets and could thereby adversely impact our overall results. Our overall results may also be affected by currency risk on the transactions in other currencies and translation adjustments resulting from the conversion of our
international financial results into the U.S. dollar. 

ShopHouse Southeast Asian Kitchen may not contribute to our
growth. 

We believe that the fundamental principles on which Chipotle restaurants are based—finding the very best
sustainably raised ingredients, prepared and cooked using classical methods in front of the customer, and served in an interactive format by special people dedicated to providing a great dining experience—can be adapted to cuisines other than
the food we serve at Chipotle. In order to see how our model works when we use different 

12 

Table of Contents

ingredients and a different style of food, we opened ShopHouse Southeast Asian Kitchen during 2011. Notwithstanding our opening of ShopHouse and our plans in 2013 to open another ShopHouse
restaurant in Washington D.C. and to introduce ShopHouse to the Los Angeles area, our immediate focus will remain on thoughtfully growing the Chipotle brand. As a result, we do not expect ShopHouse to contribute to our growth in a meaningful way for
at least the next several years, and we may determine not to move forward with any further expansion of ShopHouse. This might limit our overall growth over the long term. 

Our failure to manage our growth effectively could harm our business and operating results. 

As described elsewhere in this report, our plans call for a significant number of new restaurants. Our existing restaurant management systems, financial and management controls and information systems may
be inadequate to support our expansion. Managing our growth effectively will require us to continue to enhance these systems, procedures and controls and to hire, train and retain general managers and crew. We also are continuing to attempt to
improve our field management in an effort to develop additional top-performing general managers more quickly. We may not respond quickly enough to the changing demands that our expansion will impose on management, crew and existing infrastructure,
and changes to our operating structure may result in increased costs or inefficiencies that we cannot currently anticipate. Changes as we grow may have a negative impact on the operation of our restaurants, and cost increases resulting from our
inability to effectively manage our growth could adversely impact our profitability. We also place a lot of importance on our culture, which we believe has been an important contributor to our success. As we grow, we may have difficulty maintaining
our culture or adapting it sufficiently to meet the needs of our operations. Our failure to foster and maintain our corporate culture could also harm our business and operating results. 

Risks Related to Operating in the Restaurant Industry 

Changes
in food and supply costs could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our profitability depends in part on our
ability to anticipate and react to changes in food and supply costs. Like all restaurant companies, we are susceptible to increases in food costs as a result of factors beyond our control, such as general economic conditions, seasonal fluctuations,
weather conditions, global demand, food safety concerns, generalized infectious diseases, fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, product recalls and government regulations. The cost of many basic foods for humans and animals, including corn, wheat, rice
and soy oil, has increased markedly in some years, resulting in upward pricing pressures on almost all of our raw ingredients including chicken, beef, tortillas and rice, increasing our food costs. Food prices for a number of our key ingredients
escalated markedly at various points during 2012 and we expect that there will be additional pricing pressures on some of those ingredients, including beef, chicken, pork, cheese and sour cream during 2013. We could also be adversely impacted by
price increases specific to meats raised in accordance with our sustainability and responsibility criteria or other food items we buy as part of our Food With Integrity focus, the markets for which are generally smaller and more concentrated than
the markets for commodity food products. Weather related issues, such as freezes or drought, may also lead to temporary spikes in the prices of some ingredients such as produce or meats. Any increase in the prices of the ingredients most critical to
our menu, such as chicken, beef, cheese, avocados, beans, rice, tomatoes and pork, would adversely affect our operating results. Alternatively, in the event of cost increases with respect to one or more of our raw ingredients, we may choose to
temporarily suspend serving menu items, such as guacamole or one or more of our salsas, rather than paying the increased cost for the ingredients. Any such changes to our available menu may negatively impact our restaurant traffic and comparable
restaurant sales. 

Our business could be adversely affected by increased labor costs or difficulties in finding the
right employees for our restaurants and the right field leaders. 

Labor is a primary component of our operating costs,
and we believe good managers and crew are a key part of our success. We devote significant resources to recruiting and training our general managers and crew. Increased labor costs due to factors like additional taxes or requirements to incur
additional employee benefits costs, including the requirements of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (discussed further under 

13 

Table of Contents

“Regulatory and Legal Risks—
Governmental regulation in one or more of the following areas may adversely affect our existing and future operations and results, including by
harming our ability to open new restaurants or increasing our operating costs—Labor and Employment Regulations.”), as well as competition, increased minimum wage requirements, and any changes in our restaurant staffing structure would
adversely impact our operating costs. Our success also depends in part on the energy and skills of our employees and our ability to hire, motivate and keep qualified employees, especially general managers and crew members. As we grow, we believe we
will need to promote or hire additional top-performing field leaders to ensure we hire and motivate good managers and crew, and it may be difficult to identify and keep those field leaders. Our failure to find and keep enough employees who are a
good fit with our culture could delay planned restaurant openings, result in higher employee turnover or erode our employee and restaurant cultures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.
Restaurant operators have traditionally experienced relatively high employee turnover rates. Any increase in our turnover rates for managers or crew could be costly. 

Various states in which we operate are considering or have already adopted new immigration laws, and the U.S. Congress and Department of Homeland Security from time to time consider or implement changes
to Federal immigration laws, regulations or enforcement programs as well. Changes in immigration or work authorization laws may increase our obligations for compliance and oversight, which could subject us to additional costs and make our hiring
process more cumbersome, or reduce the availability of potential employees. Although we require all workers to provide us with government-specified documentation evidencing their employment eligibility, some of our employees may, without our
knowledge, be unauthorized workers. This may subject us to fines or penalties, and we could experience adverse publicity that negatively impacts our brand and may make it more difficult to hire and keep qualified employees. For example, following an
audit by the Department of Homeland Security of the work authorization documents of our restaurant employees in Minnesota during 2010, we lost approximately 450 employees, resulting in a temporary increase in labor costs and disruption of our
operations, including slower throughput, as we trained new employees, as well as some degree of negative publicity. We are currently undergoing a similar audit in Virginia and the District of Columbia, and in April 2011 we received notice from the
office of the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia that it is conducting an investigation into these matters through its criminal division. See Note 9 “Commitments and Contingencies” in our consolidated financial statements included
in Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” Termination of a significant number of employees in those or other markets or across our company would disrupt our operations including slowing our throughput, and could also cause
additional adverse publicity and temporary increases in our labor costs as we train new employees. Our financial performance may be materially harmed as a result of any of these factors. 

Because we do not franchise, risks associated with hiring and maintaining a large workforce, including increases in wage rates or the cost
of employee benefits, compliance with laws and regulations related to the hiring, payment and termination of employees, and employee-related litigation, may be more pronounced for us than for restaurant companies that shift some or all of these
risks to franchisees. 

Instances of food-borne or localized illnesses could cause the temporary closure of some
restaurants or result in negative publicity, thereby resulting in a decline in our sales, and could adversely affect the price and availability of the meat, produce or dairy we use to prepare our food. 

Instances of food-borne illnesses, real or perceived, whether at our restaurants or those of our competitors, subject us to liability to
affected customers, and could result in negative publicity about us or the restaurant industry that adversely affects our sales. For instance, on a small number of occasions a Chipotle restaurant has been associated with customer illness, and on
those occasions our sales have been adversely impacted, at times even in markets beyond those impacted by the illness. The risk of illnesses associated with our food might increase in connection with an expansion of our catering business or other
situations in which our food is served in conditions we cannot control. If our customers become ill from food-borne or localized illnesses or attribute an illness to our food, we could be forced to temporarily close some restaurants. A decrease in
customer traffic as a result of these health concerns or negative publicity, or as a result of a change in our menu or dining experience or a temporary closure of any of our restaurants, would adversely impact our restaurant sales and profitability.

14 

Table of Contents

In addition, reports linking nationwide or regional outbreaks of food-borne illnesses have
caused us to temporarily suspend serving some produce items in our foods or to otherwise alter our menu. Similarly, past outbreaks of E. coli relating to certain food items caused consumers to avoid certain products and restaurant chains, Asian and
European countries have experienced outbreaks of avian flu, and incidents of “mad cow” disease have occurred in Canadian and U.S. cattle herds. These problems, other food-borne illnesses (such as hepatitis A or norovirus) and injuries
caused by food tampering have had in the past, and could have in the future, an adverse affect on the price and availability of affected ingredients. If we react to these problems by changing our menu or other key aspects of the Chipotle experience,
we may lose customers who do not accept those changes, and may not be able to attract enough new customers to generate sufficient revenue to make our restaurants profitable. Customers may also shift away from us if we choose to pass along to
consumers any higher ingredient costs resulting from supply problems associated with outbreaks of food-borne illnesses, which would also have a negative impact on our sales and profitability. 

Competition could adversely affect us. 

The fast-casual, quick-service and casual dining segments of the restaurant industry are highly competitive with respect to, among other things, taste, price, food quality and presentation, service,
location and the ambience and condition of each restaurant. Our competition includes a variety of restaurants in each of these segments, including locally owned restaurants and national and regional chains. Many of our competitors offer dine-in,
carry-out and delivery services. Many of our competitors have existed longer than we have and may have a more established market presence with substantially greater financial, marketing, personnel and other resources than we have. Among our main
competitors are a number of multi-unit, multi-market Mexican food or burrito restaurant concepts, some of which are expanding nationally. In addition, our strategy includes opening additional restaurants in existing markets, and as we do so sales
may decline in our previously-opened restaurants as customers who frequent our established restaurants begin to visit a newly-opened restaurant instead. 

Several of our competitors compete by offering menu items that are specifically identified as low in carbohydrates, better for customers or otherwise targeted at particular consumer preferences. Many of
our competitors in the fast-casual and quick-service segments of the restaurant industry also emphasize lower-cost, “value meal” menu options, a strategy we do not currently pursue. Our sales may be adversely affected by these products and
price competition. 

Moreover, we may also compete with companies outside the fast casual and quick service and casual dining
segments of the restaurant industry. For example, competitive pressures can come from deli sections and in-store cafés of several major grocery store chains, including those targeted at customers who want higher-quality food, as well as from
convenience stores and casual dining outlets. These competitors may have, among other things, a more diverse menu, lower operating costs, better locations, better facilities, better management, more effective marketing and more efficient operations
than we have. 

Any of these competitive factors may adversely affect us and reduce our sales and profits. 

Failure to receive frequent deliveries of higher-quality food ingredients and other supplies could harm our operations.

Our ability to maintain our menu depends in part on our ability to acquire ingredients that meet our specifications
from reliable suppliers. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of ingredients caused by unanticipated demand, problems in production or distribution, food contamination, inclement weather, a supplier ceasing operations or other conditions could
adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of our ingredients, which could harm our operations. We have almost no long-term contracts with suppliers, and we have relied largely on the same third party distribution network as McDonald’s
Corporation, from which we separated in 2006. If any of our distributors or suppliers performs inadequately, or our distribution or supply relationships are disrupted for any reason, our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash
flows could be adversely affected. We currently depend on a limited number of suppliers for some of our key ingredients, including beef, pork, chicken, beans, rice, sour cream, cheese, and tortillas. Due to the unique nature of the products we
receive 

15 

Table of Contents

from our Food With Integrity suppliers and as described in more detail above, these suppliers could be more difficult to replace if we were no longer able to rely on them. If we have to seek new
suppliers and service providers we may be subject to pricing or other terms less favorable than those we currently enjoy. If we cannot replace or engage distributors or suppliers who meet our specifications in a short period of time, that could
increase our expenses and cause shortages of food and other items at our restaurants, which could cause a restaurant to remove items from its menu. If that were to happen and customers change their dining habits as a result, affected restaurants
could experience significant reductions in sales during the shortage or thereafter. Our focus on a limited menu would make the consequences of a shortage of a key ingredient more severe. 

Changes in customer tastes and preferences, spending patterns and demographic trends could cause sales to decline.

Changes in customer preferences, general economic conditions, discretionary spending priorities, demographic trends,
traffic patterns and the type, number and location of competing restaurants affect the restaurant industry. Our sales could be impacted by changes in consumer preferences in response to dietary concerns, including preferences regarding items such as
calories, sodium, carbohydrates or fat. These changes could result in consumers avoiding our menu items in favor of other foods. Our success also depends to a significant extent on consumer confidence, which is influenced by general economic
conditions and discretionary income levels. Negative consumer sentiment has been reported to be impacting the economy to various degrees since the economic crisis of 2008 and 2009, and according to some forecasts will continue to do so during 2013.
Our average restaurant sales may decline during economic downturns or periods of uncertainty, which can be caused by various factors such as high unemployment, increasing taxes or other changes in fiscal or monetary policy, high gasoline prices,
declining home prices, tight credit markets or foreign political or economic unrest. Any material decline in consumer confidence or a decline in family “food away from home” spending could cause our sales, operating results, profits,
business or financial condition to decline. If we fail to adapt to changes in customer preferences and trends, we may lose customers and our sales may deteriorate. 

If we were to experience widespread difficulty renewing existing leases on favorable terms, our revenue or occupancy costs could be adversely affected. 

We lease substantially all of the properties on which we operate restaurants, and some of our leases are due for renewal or extension
options in the next several years. Some leases are subject to renewal at fair market value, which could involve substantial increases and a smaller number expire without any renewal option. While we currently expect to pursue the renewal of
substantially all of our expiring restaurant leases, any difficulty renewing a significant number of such leases, or any substantial increase in rents associated with lease renewals, could adversely impact us. If we have to close any restaurants due
to difficulties in renewing leases, we would lose revenue from the affected restaurants and may not be able to open suitable replacement restaurants. Substantial increases in rents associated with lease renewals would increase our occupancy costs,
reducing our restaurant margins. 

Regulatory and Legal Risks 

Governmental regulation in one or more of the following areas may adversely affect our existing and future operations and results,
including by harming our ability to open new restaurants or increasing our operating costs. 

Employment and
Immigration Regulations 

We are subject to various federal and state laws governing our relationship with and other matters
pertaining to our employees, including wage and hour laws, requirements to provide meal and rest periods or other benefits, family leave mandates, requirements regarding working conditions and accommodations to certain employees, citizenship or work
authorization and related requirements, insurance and workers’ compensation rules and anti-discrimination laws. Complying with these rules subjects us to substantial expense and can be cumbersome, and can also expose us to liabilities from
claims for non-compliance. For example, a number of lawsuits have been 

16 

Table of Contents

filed against us alleging violations of federal and state laws regarding employee wages and payment of overtime, meal and rest breaks, employee record-keeping and related practices with respect
to our employees. We could suffer losses from, and we incur legal costs to defend, these or similar cases, and the amount of such losses or costs could be significant. In addition, several states in which we operate and the federal government have
from time to time enacted minimum wage increases, and these increases could increase our labor costs. 

We also are audited from
time to time for compliance with citizenship or work authorization requirements as well, and recent audit activity and federal criminal and civil investigations in this area are described in more detail above under “Risks Related to
Operating in the Restaurant Industry—
Our business could be adversely affected by increased labor costs or difficulties in finding the right employees for our restaurants and the right field leaders.” Unauthorized workers may
subject us to fines or penalties, and if any of our workers are found to be unauthorized our business may be disrupted as we try to replace lost workers with additional qualified employees. On the other hand, in the event we wrongfully reject work
authorization documents, or if our compliance procedures are found to have a disparate impact on a protected class such as a racial minority or based on the citizenship status of applicants, we could be found to be in violation of
anti-discrimination laws. We could experience adverse publicity arising from enforcement activity related to work authorization compliance, anti-discrimination compliance, or both, that negatively impacts our brand and may make it more difficult to
hire and keep qualified employees. Moreover, in addition to the criminal and civil investigations mentioned above under “Risks Related to Operating in the Restaurant Industry—
Our business could be adversely affected by increased labor
costs or difficulties in finding the right employees for our restaurants and the right field leaders”, the office of the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission have informed us that they
are conducting parallel investigations into possible criminal and civil securities law violations relating to our employee work authorization compliance and related disclosures and statements as well. All of the foregoing investigations will
continue to be expensive and distracting, and could subject us to fines, reputational damage, and other liabilities that could be significant. 

The comprehensive U.S. health care reform law enacted in 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, requires employers such as us to provide health insurance for all qualifying employees or pay
penalties for not providing coverage. We are evaluating the impact the new law will have on us, and although we cannot predict with certainty the financial and operational impacts the new law will have, we expect that the requirement that we provide
more extensive health benefits to employees than we currently do could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial position, as well as the restaurant industry in general. The most significant increase in costs will likely
begin in 2014. Such increases will likely be large enough to materially impact our labor costs. Alternatively, if we choose not to provide the required health insurance or if some employees do not qualify for the required insurance, our employee
culture may be harmed and we may face adverse publicity that negatively impacts our brand. 

Additionally, while we do not
currently have any unionized employees, union organizers have engaged in efforts to organize employees of other restaurant companies. If a significant portion of our employees were to become union organized, our labor costs could increase and our
efforts to maintain a culture appealing only to top performing employees could be impaired. Potential changes in labor laws, including the possible passage of all or parts of the proposed Employee Free Choice Act, could increase the likelihood of
some or all of our employees being subjected to greater organized labor influence, and could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results by imposing requirements that could potentially increase our costs, reduce our flexibility and
impact our employee culture. 

Americans with Disabilities Act and Similar State Laws 

We are subject to the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act, or ADA, and similar state laws that give civil rights protections to
individuals with disabilities in the context of employment, public accommodations and other areas. We have incurred substantial legal fees in connection with ADA-related complaints in the past, and we may in the future have to modify restaurants,
for example by adding access ramps or redesigning certain architectural features, to provide service to or make reasonable accommodations for disabled persons under these laws. The expenses associated with these modifications, or any damages, legal
fees and costs associated with litigating or resolving claims under the ADA or similar state laws, could be material. 

17 

Table of Contents

Nutrition and Food Regulation 

In recent years, there has been an increased legislative, regulatory and consumer focus at the federal, state and municipal levels on the
food industry including nutrition and advertising practices. Restaurants operating in the quick-service and fast-casual segments have been a particular focus. For example, the State of California, New York City and a number of other jurisdictions
around the U.S. have adopted regulations requiring that chain restaurants include calorie information on their menu boards or make other nutritional information available. The U.S. health care reform law included nation-wide menu labeling and
nutrition disclosure requirements as well, and our restaurants will be covered by these national requirements when they go into effect, which may be as early as 2013. Initiatives in the area of nutrition disclosure or advertising, such as
requirements to provide information about the nutritional content of our food, may increase our expenses or slow customers as they move through the line, decreasing our throughput. These initiatives may also change customer buying habits in a way
that adversely impacts our sales. 

Local Licensure, Zoning and Other Regulation 

Each of our restaurants is also subject to state and local licensing and regulation by health, alcoholic beverage, sanitation, food and
workplace safety and other agencies. We may experience material difficulties or failures in obtaining the necessary licenses or approvals for new restaurants, which could delay planned restaurant openings. In addition, stringent and varied
requirements of local regulators with respect to zoning, land use and environmental factors could delay or prevent development of new restaurants in particular locations. 

Environmental Laws 

We are subject to federal, state and local
environmental laws and regulations concerning the discharge, storage, handling, release and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances, as well as local ordinances restricting the types of packaging we can use in our restaurants. We have not
conducted a comprehensive environmental review of our properties or operations. We have, however, conducted investigations of some of our properties and identified contamination caused by third-party operations. We believe any such contamination has
been or should be addressed by the third party. If the relevant third party does not address or has not addressed the identified contamination properly or completely, then under certain environmental laws, we could be held liable as an owner or
operator to address any remaining contamination, sometimes without regard to whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the release or presence of hazardous or toxic substances. Any such liability could be material. Further, we may not have
identified all of the potential environmental liabilities at our properties, and any such liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our operations or results of operations. We also cannot predict what environmental laws will be enacted in
the future, how existing or future environmental laws will be administered or interpreted, or the amount of future expenditures that we may need to make to comply with, or to satisfy claims relating to, environmental laws. 

Other Aspects of Regulatory Risk 

From time to time we are the target of litigation in connection with various laws and regulations that cover our business. The majority of this litigation occurs in California even though currently only
about 17% of our restaurants are located there. As we continue to expand in California, or if we are not able to effectively manage the increased litigation risks and expenses we have experienced in California, our business may be adversely impacted
to a greater extent than if we did not operate in, or minimized our operations in, California. 

Because we do not franchise,
the costs of compliance and other risks associated with government regulation of our business, as described above, may be more pronounced for us than for restaurant companies that shift some or all of these risks to franchisees. 

We could be party to litigation that could adversely affect us by distracting management, increasing our expenses or subjecting us
to material money damages and other remedies. 

We’re subject to numerous claims alleging violations of federal and
state laws regarding workplace and employment matters, including wages, work hours, overtime, vacation and family leave, discrimination, wrongful termination, and similar matters, and we could become subject to class action or other lawsuits related

18 

Table of Contents

to these or different matters in the future. Our customers also occasionally file complaints or lawsuits against us alleging that we’re responsible for some illness or injury they suffered
at or after a visit to our restaurants, or that we have problems with food quality, operations or our food related disclosure or advertising practices. See “Governmental regulation in one or more of the following areas may adversely affect
our existing and future operations and results, including by harming our ability to open new restaurants or increasing our operating costs” above, for additional discussion of these types of claims. From time to time, we also face claims
alleging that technology we use in our business infringes patents held by third parties. We believe the number of all of the foregoing types of claims has increased as our business has grown and we have become more visible to potential plaintiffs
and their lawyers, particularly in California. We are also undergoing government investigations as described elsewhere in this report, including under “
Risks Related to Operating in the Restaurant Industry—
Our business could be
adversely affected by increased labor costs or difficulties in finding the right employees for our restaurants and the right field leaders.” Regardless of whether any claims against us are valid, or whether we’re ultimately held liable
for such claims, they may be expensive to defend and may divert time and money away from our operations and hurt our performance. A significant judgment for any claims against us could materially and adversely affect our financial condition or
results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting from these allegations may also materially and adversely affect our reputation or prospects, which in turn could adversely affect our results. 

Risks Related to our Unique Business Strategy 

We may not persuade customers of the benefits of paying our prices for higher-quality food. 

Our success depends in large part on our ability to persuade customers that food made with higher-quality ingredients is worth the prices they will pay at our restaurants relative to prices offered by
some of our competitors, particularly those in the quick-service restaurant segment. We may not successfully educate customers about the quality of our food, and customers may not care even if they do understand our approach. That could require us
to change our pricing, advertising or promotional strategies, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or the brand identity that we have tried to create. Consumers may also be more price-sensitive during periods of
economic difficulty or uncertainty, and we experienced some decrease in traffic during late 2008 and throughout 2009 that we attribute in part to menu price increases. Recent reports have indicated continued consumer uncertainty that may persist
during 2013, so our ability to increase sales may be significantly hampered for the foreseeable future. If we do elect to increase menu prices, it may adversely impact our customer traffic. 

Our Food With Integrity philosophy subjects us to risks. 

The principle of Food With Integrity constitutes a significant part of our business strategy. We use a substantial amount of ingredients
grown or raised with an emphasis on practices we believe to be more sustainable or responsible than some conventional practices, and try to make food as fresh as we can. We do, however, face challenges associated with pursuing Food With Integrity.
There are higher costs and other risks associated with purchasing ingredients grown or raised with an emphasis on quality, sustainability and other responsible practices. Growth rate and weight gain can be lower for chickens, cattle and pigs that
are not fed sub-therapeutic antibiotics and for cattle that are not given growth hormones. Crops grown organically or using other responsible practices can take longer to grow and crop yields can be lower. It can take longer to identify and secure
relationships with suppliers that are able to meet our criteria for meat, dairy and produce ingredients. Given the costs associated with what we believe are more responsible farming practices, and recently due to decreased demand as a result of the
weak economic environment, many large suppliers have not found it economical to pursue business in this area. Although all of our restaurants generally serve meat from animals raised in accordance with criteria we’ve established in an effort to
improve sustainability and promote animal welfare, we may experience shortages of meat, particularly chicken or steak, meeting these criteria due to suppliers suspending production, market conditions, or other forces beyond our control. A few of our
markets have reverted to temporarily serving conventionally raised beef or chicken due to supply shortages, including for brief periods on a regional basis during 2012 and early 2013. Furthermore, as we grow, the ability of our suppliers to
expand output or otherwise increase their supplies to meet our needs may be constrained. Moreover, we have 

19 

Table of Contents

made a significant commitment to serving local or organic produce when seasonally available, and a small portion of our restaurants also serves produce purchased from farmers markets seasonally
as well. These produce initiatives may make it more difficult to keep quality consistent and present additional risk of food-borne illnesses given the greater number of suppliers involved in such a system and the difficulty of imposing our quality
assurance programs on all such suppliers. Quality variations and food-borne illness concerns could adversely impact public perceptions of Food With Integrity or our brand generally. 

If as a result of any of these factors we are unable to obtain a sufficient and consistent supply of these ingredients on a cost-effective
basis, our food costs could increase, adversely impacting our operating margins. These factors could also cause us difficulties in aligning our brand with Food With Integrity, which could make us less popular among our customers and cause sales to
decline. Our commitment to Food With Integrity may also leave us open to actions against us or criticism from special interest groups whose ideas regarding food issues differ from ours or who believe we should pursue different or additional goals
with our Food With Integrity approach. Any adverse publicity that results from such criticism could damage our brand and adversely impact customer traffic at our restaurants. We may also face adverse publicity or liability for false advertising
claims if suppliers, without our knowledge, do not adhere to all of the elements of our Food With Integrity programs, such as responsible meat protocols, requirements for organic or sustainable growing methods, and similar criteria on which we base
our purchasing decisions. If any such supplier failures are publicized, our reputation would be harmed and our sales may be adversely impacted. 

Additionally, in response to increasing customer awareness and demand, some competitors have also begun to advertise their use of meats raised without the use of antibiotics or growth hormones, dairy
products from cows not treated with rBGH, and other ingredients similar to those we seek as part of our Food With Integrity philosophy. If competitors become known for using these types of higher-quality or more sustainable ingredients, it could
further limit our supply of these ingredients, and may make it more difficult for us to differentiate Chipotle and our restaurants, which could adversely impact our operating results. 

Our success may depend on the continued service and availability of key personnel. 

Our Chairman and co-Chief Executive Officer Steve Ells founded our company, has been the principal architect of our business strategy, and
has led our growth from a single restaurant in 1993 to over 1,400 restaurants today. Monty Moran, our co-Chief Executive Officer, and Jack Hartung, our Chief Financial Officer, have also served with us for several years and much of our growth has
occurred under their direction as well. We believe our executive officers have created an employee culture, food culture and business strategy at our company that has been critical to our success and that may be difficult to replicate under another
management team. We also believe that it may be difficult to locate and retain executive officers who are able to grasp and implement our unique strategic vision. If our company culture were to deteriorate following a change in leadership or a new
management team were to change or be unsuccessful in implementing our strategy, our growth prospects or future operating results may be adversely impacted. 

Our marketing and advertising strategies may not be successful, which could adversely impact our business. 

We have developed a marketing and advertising strategy that we believe is unique in the restaurant industry. We have not generally advertised on television and engage in very limited price or value-based
promotions. Instead we invest in marketing and advertising strategies that we believe will increase customers’ connection with our brand. If these marketing and advertising investments do not drive increased restaurant sales, the expense
associated with these programs will adversely impact our financial results, and we may not generate the levels of comparable restaurant sales we expect. In addition, our marketing has increasingly incorporated elements intended to encourage
customers to question sources or production methods commonly used to produce food. These elements of our marketing could alienate food suppliers and may potentially lead to an increased risk of disputes or litigation if suppliers or other
constituencies believe our marketing is unfair or misleading. Increased costs in connection with any such issues, or any deterioration in our relationships with existing suppliers, could adversely impact us. 

20 

Table of Contents

General Business Risks 

We may be harmed by security risks we face in connection with our electronic processing and transmission of confidential customer
and employee information. 

We accept electronic payment cards for payment in our restaurants. During 2012 approximately
62% of our sales were attributable to credit and debit card transactions, and credit and debit card usage could continue to increase. A number of retailers, including us, have experienced actual or potential security breaches in which credit and
debit card information may have been stolen. In August 2004, the merchant bank that processed our credit and debit card transactions informed us that we may have been the victim of a possible theft of card data. As a result, we recorded losses
and related expenses totaling $4.3 million from 2004 through 2006. 

We may in the future become subject to additional claims
for purportedly fraudulent transactions arising out of the actual or alleged theft of credit or debit card information, and we may also be subject to lawsuits or other proceedings in the future relating to these types of incidents. Proceedings
related to theft of credit or debit card information may be brought by payment card providers, banks and credit unions that issue cards, cardholders (either individually or as part of a class action lawsuit) and federal and state regulators. Any
such proceedings could distract our management from running our business and cause us to incur significant unplanned losses and expenses. Consumer perception of our brand could also be negatively affected by these events, which could further
adversely affect our results and prospects. 

We also are required to collect and maintain personal information about our
employees. The collection and use of such information is regulated at the federal and state levels, and the regulatory environment related to information security and privacy is increasingly demanding. If the security and information systems of ours
or of outsourced third party providers we use to store or process such information are compromised or if we or such third parties otherwise fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could face litigation and the imposition of penalties,
which could adversely affect our financial performance. Our reputation as a brand or as an employer could also be adversely affected, which could impair our sales or ability to attract and keep qualified employees. 

Our insurance coverage and self-insurance reserves may not cover future claims. 

We maintain various insurance policies for employee health, worker’s compensation, general liability, property damage and auto
liability. We are self-insured for our health plans, and have purchased a fully-insured stop loss policy to help offset our liability for both individual and aggregate claim costs. We are also responsible for losses up to a certain limit for
worker’s compensation, general liability, property damage and auto liability insurance. 

For policies under which we are
responsible for losses, we record a liability that represents our estimated cost of claims incurred and unpaid as of the balance sheet date. Our estimated liability is not discounted and is based on a number of assumptions and factors, including
historical trends, actuarial assumptions and economic conditions, and is closely monitored and adjusted when warranted by changing circumstances. Our history of claims experience is short and our significant growth rate could affect the accuracy of
estimates based on historical experience. If a greater amount of claims occurs compared to what we estimated, or if medical costs increase beyond what we expected, our accrued liabilities might not be sufficient and we may be required to record
additional expense. Unanticipated changes may also produce materially different amounts of expense than reported under these programs, which could adversely impact our results of operations. 

We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could harm the value of our brands and adversely affect
our business. 

Our ability to successfully implement our business plan depends in part on our ability to further build
brand recognition using our trademarks, service marks, trade dress and other proprietary intellectual property, including our name and logos, our Food With Integrity strategy and the unique ambience of our restaurants. If our efforts to protect our
intellectual property are inadequate, or if any third party misappropriates or infringes on our intellectual property, either in print or on the internet, the value of our brands may be harmed, which could have

21 

Table of Contents

a material adverse effect on our business and might prevent our brands from achieving or maintaining market acceptance. We are aware of restaurants in foreign jurisdictions using menu items,
logos and other branding that we believe are based on our intellectual property, and our ability to halt these restaurants from using these elements may be limited in jurisdictions in which we are not operating. This could have an adverse impact on
our ability to successfully expand into other jurisdictions in the future. We may also encounter claims from prior users of similar intellectual property in areas where we operate or intend to conduct operations. This could harm our image, brand or
competitive position and cause us to incur significant penalties and costs. 

Our quarterly results may fluctuate
significantly and could fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors due to various factors. 

Our
quarterly results may fluctuate significantly because of various factors, including: 

•

 changes in comparable restaurant sales and customer visits, including as a result of declining consumer confidence or the introduction of new menu
items; 

•

 the timing of new restaurant openings and related revenues and expenses; 

•

 operating costs at newly opened restaurants, which are often materially greater during the first several months of operation;

•

 labor availability and wages of restaurant management and crew, as well as temporary fluctuations in labor costs as a result of large-scale changes in
workforce; 

•

 fluctuations in supply costs, particularly for our most significant food items; 

•

 our ability to raise menu prices without adversely impacting customer traffic; 

•

 the impact of inclement weather, natural disasters and other calamities, such as freezes that have impacted produce crops;

•

 variations in general economic conditions, including the impact of declining interest rates on our interest income; 

•

 negative publicity about the ingredients we use or the occurrence of food-borne illnesses or other problems at our restaurants;

•

 changes in consumer preferences and discretionary spending; 

•

 increases in infrastructure costs; 

•

 tax expenses, impairment charges and other non-operating costs; and 

•

 potential distraction or unusual expenses associated with our expansion into international markets or initiatives to explore new concepts.

Seasonal factors also cause our results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Our restaurant sales are
typically lower during the winter months and the holiday season and during periods of inclement weather (because fewer people are eating out) and higher during the spring, summer and fall months (for the opposite reason). Our restaurant sales will
also vary as a result of the number of trading days—that is, the number of days in a quarter when a restaurant is open. 

As a result of these factors, results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter
or for any year. Average restaurant sales or comparable restaurant sales in any particular future period may decrease. In the future, operating results may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, which could cause our stock
price to fall. We believe the market price of our common stock, which has generally traded at a higher price-earnings ratio than stocks of most or all of our peer companies, reflects high market expectations for our future operating results. As a
result, if we fail to meet market expectations for our operating results in the future, any resulting decline in the price of our common stock could be significant. 

22 

Table of Contents

Restrictions and indemnities in connection with the tax treatment of the exchange
offer through which we separated from McDonald’s could adversely affect us. 

McDonald’s Corporation was our
majority owner from 2000 until October 2006. We understand that the exchange offer McDonald’s completed in October 2006 to dispose of its interest in us was generally tax-free to McDonald’s and its shareholders. In order to protect the
tax-free status of the exchange offer, in the separation agreement we entered into with McDonald’s in connection with the separation we agreed among other things to indemnify McDonald’s for taxes and related losses it incurs as a result of
the exchange failing to qualify as a tax-free transaction in certain situations, if the taxes and related losses are attributable to (i) certain direct or indirect acquisitions of our stock or assets (regardless of whether we consent to such
acquisitions); (ii) negotiations, understandings, agreements or arrangements in respect of such acquisitions; or (iii) any amendment to our certificate of incorporation that affects the relative voting rights of any separate classes of our
common stock. In December 2009, following completion of an extensive due diligence process, we completed a share conversion eliminating the existence of our class B common stock, and with it the superior voting rights of the class B common stock. In
the event the share conversion is deemed to result in the McDonald’s exchange offer failing to qualify as a tax-free transaction, we may have an indemnification obligation under the provision described above. We currently estimate that the
indemnification obligation to McDonald’s could exceed $450 million, and this estimate does not take into account related losses and depends upon several factors that are beyond our control. As a consequence, the indemnity to McDonald’s
could vary substantially from the estimate and may be much greater. 

Our anti-takeover provisions may delay or prevent a
change in control of us, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

Certain provisions in our
corporate documents and Delaware law may delay or prevent a change in control of us, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain some
provisions that may make the acquisition of control of us without the approval of our board of directors more difficult, including provisions relating to the nomination, election and removal of directors, the structure of the board of directors and
limitations on actions by our shareholders. In addition, Delaware law also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock. Any of these provisions, as
well as the provisions of our separation agreement with McDonald’s described above under “Restrictions and indemnities in connection with the tax treatment of the exchange offer through which we separated from McDonald’s could
adversely affect us,” may discourage a potential acquirer from proposing or completing a transaction that may have otherwise presented a premium to our shareholders.