. 

Our Menu and Food Preparation 

Food With Integrity. Serving high quality food while still charging reasonable prices is critical to our vision to change the way people think about and eat fast food. As part of our Food With
Integrity philosophy, we believe that purchasing fresh ingredients and preparing them by hand are not enough, so we spend time on farms and in the field to understand where our food comes from and how it is raised. Because our menu is so focused, we
can concentrate on the sources of each ingredient, and this has become a cornerstone of our continuous effort to improve our food. 

In all of our restaurants, we endeavor to serve only meats that were raised without the use of subtherapeutic antibiotics or added hormones, and in accordance with criteria we’ve established in an
effort to improve sustainability and promote animal welfare. We brand these meats as “Responsibly
Raised
TM

.” One of our primary goals is for all
of our restaurants to serve meats raised to meet our standards, but we have and will continue to face challenges in doing so. Some of our restaurants served conventionally raised beef and chicken for periods during 2013, and some are continuing to
serve conventionally raised beef, due to supply constraints for our Responsibly Raised meats. More of our restaurants may periodically serve conventionally raised meats in the future due to additional supply constraints. When we become aware that
one or more of our restaurants will serve conventionally raised meat, we clearly and specifically disclose this temporary change on signage in each affected restaurant so that customers can avoid those meats if they choose to do so. 

3 

Table of Contents

We also seek to use more sustainably grown produce, meaning produce grown by suppliers who
we believe respect the environment and their employees. A portion of some of the produce items we serve is organically grown, and/or sourced locally while in season (by which we mean grown within 350 miles of the restaurant where it is served). A
portion of our beans is organically grown and a portion is grown using conservation tillage methods that improve soil conditions, reduce erosion, and help preserve the environment in which the beans are grown. Our commitment to Food With Integrity
extends to the dairy products we serve as well. The sour cream and cheese we buy is made with milk that comes from cows that are not given rBGH (recombinant bovine growth hormone). Also, milk used to make much of our cheese and sour cream is sourced
from pasture-based dairies that provide an even higher standard of animal welfare by providing outdoor access for their cows. Further, we disclose on our website which ingredients contain genetically modified organisms, or GMOs, and we are working
to replace ingredients containing GMOs in our food (not including beverages) with non-GMO ingredients. While the meat and poultry we serve is not genetically modified, the animals are likely fed a diet containing GMOs. Because of the prevalence of
GMOs in a number of important feed crops, most grains used as animal feed in the U.S. are genetically modified. 

We do face
challenges associated with pursuing Food With Integrity. There are higher costs and other risks associated with purchasing ingredients grown or raised with an emphasis on quality, environmental sustainability and other responsible practices. Growth
rate and weight gain can be lower for chickens, cattle and pigs that are not fed subtherapeutic antibiotics and for cattle that are not given growth hormones. Crops grown organically or using other responsible practices can take longer to grow and
crop yields can be lower. It can take longer to identify and secure relationships with suppliers that are able to meet our criteria for meat, dairy and produce ingredients. Given the costs associated with what we believe are responsible farming
practices, many large suppliers have not found it economical to pursue business in this area. However, we believe that in addition to seeking great tasting and nutritious food, consumers are increasingly concerned about where their food comes from
and how it is raised. And we believe that as consumers become more educated about better animal welfare and farming practices as well as social accountability, they will foster greater demand for sustainably grown foods in the long term. We believe
that increased demand over the long term for the types of meat and produce items we strive to serve will continue to attract the interest and capital investment of larger farms and suppliers. We also understand that we’ll continue to be at the
forefront of this trend and must balance our interest in advancing Food With Integrity with our desire to provide great food at reasonable prices. If we are able to continue growing while focusing on Food With Integrity, our sourcing flexibility
should improve over time, though we expect that most of these ingredients and other raw materials will remain more expensive than conventionally raised, commodity-priced equivalents. 

A Few Things, Thousands of Ways. Chipotle restaurants serve only a few things: burritos, burrito bowls, tacos and salads. But
because customers can choose from four different meats, two types of beans and a variety of extras such as salsas, guacamole, cheese and lettuce, there’s enough variety to extend our menu to provide countless choices. We plan to keep a simple
menu, but we’ll consider additions that we think make sense, such as the recent introduction in select markets of Sofritas, our new vegan protein option made with braised organic tofu. And if customers can’t find something on the menu
that’s quite what they’re after, we encourage them to let us know. If we can make it from the ingredients we have, we’ll do it. 

In preparing our food, we use stoves and grills, pots and pans, cutting knives, wire whisks and other kitchen utensils, walk-in refrigerators stocked with a variety of fresh ingredients, herbs and spices
and dry goods such as rice. Ingredients we use include chicken and steak that is marinated and grilled in our restaurants, carnitas (seasoned and braised pork), barbacoa (spicy shredded beef) and vegetarian pinto and black beans. We add our rice,
which is tossed with lime juice and freshly chopped cilantro, as well as freshly shredded cheese, sour cream, lettuce, peppers and onions, depending on each customer’s request. We use various herbs, spices and seasonings to prepare our meats
and vegetables. We also provide a variety of extras such as guacamole, salsas and tortilla chips seasoned with fresh lime juice and kosher salt. In addition to sodas, fruit drinks and organic milk, most of our restaurants also offer a selection of
beer and margaritas. Our food is prepared from scratch, with the majority prepared in our restaurants while some is prepared with the same fresh ingredients in larger batches in commissaries. 

4 

Table of Contents

Food Served Fast … So That Customers Can Enjoy It Slowly. Our employees spend
hours preparing our food on-site, but each customer order can be ready in seconds. Customers select exactly what they want and how they want it by speaking directly to the employees that prepared the food and are assembling the order. While we think
that our customers return because of the great-tasting food, we also think that they like getting food served fast without having a typical “fast-food” experience. And while our restaurants often have lines, we try to serve customers as
quickly as possible. We do this by focusing on what we call the “four pillars” of throughput. The four pillars are having a dedicated expeditor, who works just before the cashier to get drink and side orders and bag to-go orders; a
dedicated linebacker, to make sure the serving line is stocked with all our ingredients so the employees on the line can focus on each customer’s order; proper 
mise en place; and ensuring that we have “aces in their places”, or
the best employees at each position during all of our peak periods. When we do this our customers are served quickly without feeling rushed. We’ve even been able to serve more than 300 customers an hour at some locations. The natural
flow of our restaurant layout, including the floor plan and the design of our serving line, are designed to make the food ordering process intuitive and, we believe, more efficient. And we constantly strive to improve the speed of service in all of
our restaurants, so that we can accommodate more customers and larger orders without disrupting restaurant traffic. For instance, our restaurants accept orders by fax, online or through an iPhone or Android ordering application in order to provide a
more convenient experience by allowing customers to avoid standing in line. By emphasizing speed of service without compromising the genuine interactions between our customers and our crews, and by continually making improvements to our restaurant
operations, we believe that we can provide a high quality experience to more and more customers. 

Quality Assurance and Food
Safety. We are committed to serving safe, high quality food to our customers. Quality and food safety is integrated throughout our supply chain and everything we do; from the farms that supply our food all the way through to our front line. We
have established close relationships with some of the top suppliers in the industry, and we actively maintain a limited list of approved suppliers from whom our distributors must purchase. Our quality assurance department establishes and monitors
our quality and food safety programs for our supply chain. Our training and risk management departments develop and implement operating standards for food quality, preparation, cleanliness and safety in the restaurants. Our food safety programs are
also designed to ensure that we comply with applicable federal, state and local food safety regulations. 

Restaurant Management and
Operations 

Culture of Top Performers. In addition to our focus on the food we serve, we have a similarly focused
people culture with an emphasis on identifying, hiring and empowering top performing employees. We are committed to creating a performance based culture that leads to the best restaurant experience possible for our employees and our customers. The
foundation of that culture starts with hiring the best people in our restaurants. We make an effort to hire employees who share a passion for food and who will operate our restaurants in a way that is consistent with our high standards, yet allows
each of their unique personalities and strengths to contribute to our success. We believe we provide attractive career opportunities to crew and managers who are committed to work hard, provide great customer service and have the ability to lead and
empower a team of top performers. We provide hands on, shoulder-to-shoulder training to develop the full potential of our restaurant employees. We are committed to developing our people and promoting from within, with about 85% of salaried
management and about 96% of hourly management coming from internal promotions. Our best general managers, who run great restaurants and develop strong, empowered restaurant teams, are promoted to Restaurateur and in that role can earn bonuses for
developing people. We’ve leveraged our outstanding Restaurateurs’ leadership by giving many Restaurateurs responsibility for mentoring one or more nearby restaurants. This provides an opportunity for Restaurateurs to develop field
leadership roles one restaurant at a time. Restaurateurs who have shown they can successfully run four restaurants by developing teams of all top performers (including at least one Restaurateur), thereby creating a culture of high standards,
constant improvement and empowerment in each of their restaurants, can be promoted to apprentice team leaders. 

Importance
of Methods and Culture. Although we have many restaurants, we believe that our departure from the automated cooking techniques and microwaves used by many traditional fast-food and fast-casual restaurants helps to set us apart. Our crews use
classic cooking methods: they marinate and grill meats, hand-cut 

5 

Table of Contents

produce and herbs, make fresh salsa and guacamole, and cook rice in small batches throughout the day. They work in kitchens that more closely resemble those of high-end restaurants than they do a
typical fast-food place. Despite our more labor-intensive method of food preparation, our focused menu creates efficiencies which allow us to serve high quality food made from ingredients typically found in fine dining restaurants. 

The Front Line is Key. Our restaurant and kitchen designs intentionally place crew members up front with customers to reinforce our
focus on service, and our open kitchen design allows customers to see that we prepare our food fresh, each and every day. All of our restaurant employees are encouraged to interact with customers no matter their job, whether preparing food or
serving customers during our busiest period. We focus on attracting and retaining people who can deliver that experience for each customer. We provide each customer with individual attention and make every effort to respond to customer suggestions
and concerns in a personal and hospitable way. We believe our focus on creating a positive and interactive experience helps build loyalty and enthusiasm for our brand among general managers, crew members and customers alike. 

The Basics. Each restaurant typically has a general manager (a position we’ve characterized as the most important in the
company), an apprentice manager (in more than three-quarters of our restaurants), one to three hourly service managers, one or two hourly kitchen managers and an average of 23 full and part-time crew members. We generally have two shifts at our
restaurants, which simplifies scheduling and provides stability for our employees. We tend to have more employees in our busier restaurants. We cross-train our people so that each can work a variety of stations, allowing us to work efficiently
during our busiest times, while giving our people the opportunity to develop a wider array of skills. Consistent with our emphasis on customer service, we encourage our general managers and crew members to welcome and interact with customers
throughout the day. In addition to the employees serving our customers at each restaurant, we also have a field support system that includes apprentice team leaders, team leaders or area managers, team directors, executive team directors or regional
directors, and restaurant support officers. 

Supply Chain 

Close Relationships with Suppliers. Maintaining the high levels of quality we expect in our restaurants depends in part on our ability to acquire high-quality, fresh ingredients and other necessary
supplies that meet our specifications from reliable suppliers. Our 23 independently owned and operated regional distribution centers purchase from various suppliers we carefully select based on quality and their understanding of our mission, and we
seek to develop mutually beneficial long-term relationships with suppliers. We work closely with our suppliers and use a mix of forward, fixed and formula pricing protocols, and our distribution centers purchase within the pricing guidelines and
protocols we have established with the suppliers. We’ve tried to increase, where necessary, the number of suppliers for our ingredients, which we believe can help mitigate pricing volatility and supply shortages, and we follow industry news,
trade issues, weather, exchange rates, foreign demand, crises and other world events that may affect our ingredient prices. Certain key ingredients (beef, pork, chicken, beans, rice, sour cream, cheese, and tortillas) are purchased from a small
number of suppliers. 

Distribution Arrangements. Ingredients and other supplies are delivered to our restaurants by our
independently owned and operated regional distribution centers. 

Marketing 

A great dining experience in our restaurants is our most powerful marketing of all. But there is still a need to introduce our brand to
consumers, and to help them understand what makes Chipotle different than other restaurants. So we pay close attention to all of these details, monitoring customer sentiment and awareness of Chipotle and keeping our communications closely aligned
with the ways our customers experience our brand. Our advertising and promotional programs, in-store communications, and other design elements all help to communicate something about what makes Chipotle different from other fast food companies.
Whether it’s engaging with our company via social media, participating in our local events or simply eating a burrito at one of our restaurants, each interaction with a customer affords us an important opportunity to build our brand.

Our advertising has generally included print, outdoor, transit and radio ads, but we are also incorporating online advertising
into the mix, and adding strategic promotions that demonstrate how Chipotle is different than 

6 

Table of Contents

other restaurant concepts, or that connect us to like-minded individuals or organizations. Beyond these traditional means, we are continuing to explore and pioneer new avenues of branded content
aimed at educating consumers about issues that are important to us, and explaining why we are working to drive positive change in the nation’s food supply. In addition, we continue to generate considerable media coverage, with scores of
publications writing favorably about our food, restaurant concept and business. 

We also recognize the need for our marketing
to evolve, much as we have evolved our food culture and our unique people culture. To this end, we have been developing more “owned media,” including new video and music programs, and a more visible event strategy that includes our
“Cultivate” festivals of food, music and ideas, and participation in relevant events in markets around the country. Many of these newer programs allow us to tell our story with more nuance than is afforded by traditional advertising, and
help forge stronger emotional connections with our customers. We are also increasing our use of digital, mobile, and social media to our overall marketing mix, giving customers greater opportunity to access Chipotle in ways that are convenient for
them, and broadening our ability to engage with our customers individually. 

Collectively, these efforts and our excellent
restaurant teams have helped us create considerable word-of-mouth publicity, with our customers learning about us and telling others, allowing us to build awareness and loyalty with relatively low advertising expenditures, even in a competitive
category, and to differentiate Chipotle as a company that is committed to doing the right things in every facet of our business. 

Competition 

The
fast-casual, quick-service and casual dining segments of the restaurant industry are highly competitive with respect to, among other things, taste, price, food quality and presentation, service, location and the ambience and condition of each
restaurant. Our competition includes a variety of restaurants in each of these segments, including locally owned restaurants and national and regional chains. Many of our competitors offer dine-in, carry-out and delivery services. Among our main
competitors are a number of multi-unit, multi-market Mexican food or burrito restaurant concepts, some of which are expanding nationally. Unlike us, a number of our competitors grow through franchising. 

Several of our competitors compete by offering menu items that are specifically identified as low in carbohydrates, better for customers
or otherwise targeted at particular consumer preferences. Many of our competitors in the fast-casual and quick-service segments of the restaurant industry also emphasize lower-cost, “value meal” menu options, a strategy we do not currently
pursue. 

Moreover, we may also compete with companies outside the fast casual and quick service and casual dining segments of
the restaurant industry. For example, competitive pressures can come from deli sections and in-store cafés of several major grocery store chains, including those targeted at customers who want higher-quality food, as well as from convenience
stores and casual dining outlets. These competitors may have, among other things, a more diverse menu, lower operating costs, better locations, better facilities, better management, more effective marketing and more efficient operations than we
have. 

We believe we are well-positioned to continue to grow our market position in existing and new markets given current
consumer trends, including increasing awareness and concern among consumers about what they eat and how it is prepared and the increasing prevalence of the fast-casual segment. Some of our competitors have formats that might resemble ours, but we
believe that Chipotle has become one of the most recognized fast-casual restaurants and that we are known for our focus on having teams of top-performing employees prepare food using a variety of fresh ingredients in an open restaurant kitchen to
create delicious food, as well as our commitment to “Food With Integrity”, which we think adds up to a high quality customer experience in our restaurants. We believe these elements represent significant competitive advantages in the
segment in which we operate. 

Restaurant Site Selection 

We believe that site selection is critical to our success and thus we devote substantial time and effort to evaluating each potential location. Our site selection process includes the use of external real
estate brokers with 

7 

Table of Contents

expertise in specific markets, taking direction from our internal team of real estate managers. Locations proposed by real estate managers are reviewed by development management and at times
leaders from operations as part of a formal site ride, as well as in a written real estate package. We study the surrounding trade area, demographic and business information within that area, and available information on competitors. Based on this
analysis, including utilization of predictive modeling using proprietary formulas, we determine projected sales and targeted return on investment. We have been successful in a number of different types of locations, such as in-line or end-cap
locations in strip or power centers, in regional malls and downtown business districts, free-standing buildings, food courts, and airports. Our new restaurant development activity has broadened to incorporate trade areas or restaurant sites in which
we have little or no prior experience, including smaller or more economically mixed communities, highway sites, outlet centers, and on military sites. 

ShopHouse Southeast Asian Kitchen and Pizzeria Locale 

We believe that the
fundamental principles on which our restaurants are based—finding the very best sustainably raised ingredients, prepared and cooked using classical methods in front of the customer, and served in an interactive format by special people
dedicated to providing a great dining experience—can be adapted to cuisines other than the food we serve at Chipotle. 

In
order to see how our model works when we use different ingredients and a different style of food, we opened our first ShopHouse Southeast Asian Kitchen during 2011 and we opened five additional ShopHouse restaurants during 2013. ShopHouse serves a
menu that, like at Chipotle, is focused; main dishes consist of rice or noodle bowls made with steak, chicken, meatballs made with pork and chicken, or tofu. Further, during 2013, we invested in a consolidated entity that owns and operates one
Pizzeria Locale, a fast casual pizza concept serving a menu that includes classic pizzas and salads, from a selection of high-quality ingredients. 

Notwithstanding our opening of ShopHouse and investment in Pizzeria Locale, and our plans in 2014 for a small number of additional ShopHouse and/or Pizzeria Locale restaurants, our immediate focus will
remain on thoughtfully growing the Chipotle brand. 

Seasonality 

Seasonal factors cause our profitability to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Historically, our average daily restaurant sales and
profits are lower in the first and fourth quarters due, in part, to the holiday season and because fewer people eat out during periods of inclement weather (the winter months) than during periods of mild or warm weather (the spring, summer and fall
months). Other factors also have a seasonal effect on our results. For example, restaurants located near colleges and universities generally do more business during the academic year. 

Our Intellectual Property and Trademarks 

“Chipotle,”
“Chipotle Mexican Grill,” “Unburritable,” “Food With Integrity,” “Fresh Is Not Enough, Anymore,” “The Gourmet Restaurant Where You Eat With Your Hands,” “Responsibly Raised,”
“ShopHouse” and a number of related designs and logos are U.S. registered trademarks of Chipotle. We have filed trademark applications for a number of other marks in the U.S. In addition to our U.S. registrations, we have registered
trademarks for “Chipotle” and a number of other marks in Canada, the European Union and various other countries, and have filed trademark applications for “Chipotle Mexican Grill,” “Chipotle” and a number of other marks
in various countries as well. 

We also believe that the design of our restaurants is our proprietary trade dress. From time to
time we have taken action against other restaurants that we believe are misappropriating our trademarks, restaurant designs or advertising. Although our policy is to protect and defend vigorously our rights to our intellectual property, we may not
be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could harm the value of our brand and adversely affect our business. 

8 

Table of Contents

Information Systems 

We use an integrated information system to manage the flow of information within each restaurant and between the restaurants and our corporate offices and which is accessible remotely by our field staff.
This system includes a point-of-sales local area network that helps facilitate the operations of the restaurant by recording sales transactions and printing orders in the appropriate locations within the restaurant. Additionally, the point-of-sales
system is used to authorize, batch and transmit credit card transactions, to record employee time clock information, and to produce a variety of management reports. Select information that is captured from this system is transmitted to our corporate
offices on a daily basis, which enables management to continually monitor operating results. We believe that our current point-of-sales systems will be an adequate platform to support our continued expansion. See “Risk Factors—General
Business Risks—We may incur costs resulting from security risks we face in connection with our electronic processing and transmission of confidential customer and employee information” below for a discussion of certain risks
associated with our point-of-sales systems. 

Employees 

As of December 31, 2013, we had about 45,340 employees, including about 3,740 salaried employees and about 41,600 hourly employees. None of our employees are unionized or covered by a collective
bargaining agreement. 

Available Information 

We maintain a website at www.chipotle.com, including an investor relations section at ir.chipotle.com in which we routinely post important information, such as webcasts of quarterly earnings calls and
other investor events in which we participate or host, and any related materials. Our Code of Conduct is also available in this section of our website. You may access our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current
reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports, as well as other reports relating to us that are filed with or furnished to the SEC, free of charge in the investor relations section of our website as soon as reasonably practicable after
such material is electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. The public may also read and copy materials we file with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room, which is located at 100 F Street, NE, Room 1580, Washington, DC 20549. You
can obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file
electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov. 

The contents of the websites mentioned above are not incorporated into and should
not be considered a part of this report. The references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 

 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This report
includes statements of our expectations, intentions, plans and beliefs that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934 and are intended to come within the safe harbor protection provided by those sections. These statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, relate to the discussion of our business strategies and our expectations concerning future
operations, margins, profitability, liquidity and capital resources and to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. Forward-looking statements include our projections
of the number of restaurants we expect to open in 2014, our expected comparable restaurant sales results during 2014, our expectations for food cost inflation and food costs as a percentage of revenue in 2014, statements about potential menu price
increases in 2014, projections of restaurant development costs and other expenses, statements of our intention to open restaurants in one or more specified locations, statements regarding the potential impact of ongoing economic uncertainty on our
business, statements about possible repurchases of our common stock, forecasts of 

9 

Table of Contents

marketing and promotional spending and general and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenue in 2014, and our projections of our effective tax rate for 2014, and other statements of our
expectations and plans. We have used words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “think,” “estimate,”
“seek,” “expect,” “predict,” “could,” “project,” “potential” and other similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions, in this report to identify forward-looking statements.
These forward-looking statements are made based on expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting us and are subject to uncertainties, risks and factors relating to our operations and business environments, all of which are difficult to
predict and many of which are beyond our control, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Such risks and other factors include those listed in this
Item 1A. “Risk Factors,” and elsewhere in this report. 

When considering forward-looking statements in this
report or that we make in other reports or statements, you should keep in mind the cautionary statements in this report and future reports we file with the SEC. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and we cannot predict when they may
arise or how they may affect us. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report as a result of new information, future events or other developments, except as required by applicable laws and
regulations. 

Risks Related to our Growth Strategy and Future Expansion 

Our sales and profit growth could be adversely affected if comparable restaurant sales increases are less than we expect, and we may
not successfully increase comparable restaurant sales or they may decrease. 

While future sales growth will depend
substantially on our opening new restaurants, changes in comparable restaurant sales (which represent the change in period-over-period sales for restaurants beginning in their 13th full month of operations) will also affect our sales growth and will
continue to be a critical factor affecting profit growth. This is because the profit margin on comparable restaurant sales is generally higher, as comparable restaurant sales increases enable fixed costs to be spread over a higher sales base.
Conversely, declines in comparable restaurant sales can have a significant adverse effect on profitability due to the loss of the positive impact on profit margins associated with comparable restaurant sales increases. We expect comparable
restaurant sales increases in 2014 to be in the low to mid-single digits, excluding any menu price increases, due in part to difficult comparisons with 2013. 

Our ability to increase comparable restaurant sales depends on many factors, including: 

•

 changes in consumer preferences and discretionary spending, including weaker consumer spending during periods of economic difficulty or uncertainty;

•

 consumer understanding and acceptance of the Chipotle experience and perceptions of the Chipotle brand; 

•

 our ability to increase menu prices without adversely impacting transaction counts to such a degree that the impact from lower transactions equals or
exceeds the benefit of the menu price increase; 

•

 any “trade down” by customers or other reduction in average check in response to price increases, which could reduce or eliminate the benefit
of the price increase on comparable restaurant sales; 

•

 competition, either from our competitors in the restaurant industry, or from our own restaurants in the event customers who frequent one of our
restaurants begin to visit one of our new restaurants instead; 

•

 executing our strategies effectively, including our development strategy, our marketing and branding strategies, our initiatives to increase the speed
at which our crew serves each customer, expanded use of fax service lines and online and other electronic ordering, and introductions of catering options and new menu items, each of which we may not be able to accomplish or which may not have the
impact we expect; 

•

 initial sales performance of new restaurants, which is subject to the risks described below under “Our new restaurants, once opened, may not be
profitable, and may adversely impact the sales of our existing restaurants”; 

10 

Table of Contents

•

 weather, road construction and other factors limiting access to our restaurants; and 

•

 changes in government regulation. 

As a result of these factors it is possible that we will not achieve our targeted comparable restaurant sales or that the change in comparable restaurant sales could be negative. A number of these factors
are beyond our control, and therefore we cannot assure that we will be able to sustain comparable restaurant sales increases. 

Past declines in our comparable restaurant sales increases have significantly impacted our stock price. Beginning in the second quarter of
2012, prior to which we had been experiencing strong comparable restaurant sales growth momentum, our comparable restaurant sales increases decelerated and the price of our stock declined significantly in the wake of this deceleration, including a
decline of nearly 22% on the trading day following our second quarter 2012 earnings release. Any future deceleration in or failure to meet market expectations for our comparable restaurant sales increases would likely result in another significant
decline in the price of our common stock. 

Increasing our sales and profitability depends substantially on our ability
to open new restaurants in sites and on terms attractive to us, which is subject to many unpredictable factors. 

There
were 1,595 restaurants in operation as of December 31, 2013. We plan to increase the number of our restaurants significantly in the next three years, and plan to open between 180 and 195 new restaurants in 2014. However, we have in the past
experienced delays in opening some restaurants and that could happen again as a result of any of the following factors: 

•

 our potential inability to locate and secure new restaurant sites in locations that we believe to be attractive; 

•

 obstacles to hiring and training qualified operating personnel in the local market; 

•

 delay or cancellation of new site development by developers and landlords, which may become increasingly common during periods of economic uncertainty
or tight credit; 

•

 difficulty managing construction and development costs of new restaurants at affordable levels, particularly in competitive markets;

•

 difficulty negotiating leases with acceptable terms; 

•

 any shortages of construction materials and labor; 

•

 lack of availability of, or inability to obtain, adequate supplies of ingredients that meet our quality standards; 

•

 failures or delays in securing required governmental approvals (including construction, parking and other permits); and 

•

 the impact of inclement weather, natural disasters and other calamities. 

One of our biggest challenges in opening new restaurants is staffing. We seek to hire only top-performing employees and to promote general
managers from our crew, which may make it more difficult for us to staff all the restaurants we intend to open. Constraints on our hiring new employees are described further below under “Risks Related to Operating in the Restaurant
Industry—
Our business could be adversely affected by increased labor costs or difficulties in finding the right employees for our restaurants and the right field leaders.” 

Another significant challenge is locating and securing an adequate supply of suitable new restaurant sites. Competition for suitable new
restaurant sites in our target markets can be intense, and development and leasing costs are increasing, particularly for urban locations. These factors may be exacerbated by any ongoing economic uncertainty, as developers may continue to delay or
be unable to finance new projects. Delays or failures in opening new restaurants due to any of the reasons set forth above could materially and adversely affect our growth strategy and our expected results. Moreover, as we open and operate more
restaurants our rate of expansion relative to the size of our restaurant base will decline, which may in turn slow our sales and profitability growth. 

11 

Table of Contents

Our progress in opening new restaurants from quarter to quarter may also occur at an uneven
rate, which may result in quarterly sales and profit growth falling short of market expectations in some periods. Similarly, our growth strategy and the substantial investment associated with the development of each new restaurant (as well as the
impact of our new restaurants on the sales of our existing restaurants) may cause our operating results to fluctuate and be unpredictable or adversely affect our profits. 

Our new restaurants, once opened, may not be profitable, and may adversely impact the sales of our existing restaurants. 

Historically, many of our new restaurants have opened with an initial ramp-up period typically lasting 24 months or more, during
which they generated sales and income below the levels at which we expect them to normalize. This is in part due to the time it takes to build a customer base in a new area, higher fixed costs relating to increased labor and other start-up
inefficiencies that are typical of new restaurants, and a larger proportion of our recent openings being in higher rent sites than we have historically targeted. It may also be difficult for us to attract a customer base if we are not able to staff
our restaurants with employees who perform to our high standards. If we are unable to build the customer base that we expect for new restaurant locations or overcome the higher fixed costs associated with new restaurant locations, new restaurants
may not have similar results as our existing restaurants and may not be profitable. We also have lowered the average development cost, net of landlord reimbursements, for new Chipotle restaurants in the U.S. significantly in recent years, from about
$916,000 in 2008 to about $800,000 in 2013. In 2014, we expect average development costs to increase about 5%. In the event we are not able to achieve the average development costs we expect for 2014 or sustain the benefits achieved in prior years,
which could result from inflation, project mismanagement or other reasons, our new restaurant locations could also result in decreased profitability. Additionally, our new restaurant development activity has broadened recently to incorporate trade
areas or restaurant sites in which we have little or no prior experience, including smaller or more economically mixed communities, highway sites, outlet centers, and restaurants in airports, food courts, or on military sites. The risks relating to
building a customer base and managing development and operating costs may be more significant in some or all of these types of trade areas or restaurant sites. 

In addition, we have now opened restaurants in nearly all major metropolitan areas across the U.S. New restaurants opened in existing markets may adversely impact sales in previously-opened restaurants in
the same market as customers who frequent our established restaurants begin to visit a newly-opened restaurant instead. This impact could worsen as we open additional restaurants, and could make it more difficult for us to increase comparable
restaurant sales and profitability. Existing restaurants could also make it more difficult to build the customer base for newly-opened restaurants in the same market. 

Our expansion into international markets may present increased risks due to lower customer awareness of our brand, our unfamiliarity with those markets and other factors. 

In 2008, we opened our first restaurant outside the U.S., in Toronto, Canada. In 2010 we opened our first restaurant in the United Kingdom
in London, in 2012 we opened our first restaurant in France in Paris, and in 2013 we opened our first restaurant in Germany in Frankfurt. As of December 31, 2013, 16 of our restaurants were located outside of the U.S. As a result of our small
number of restaurants outside the U.S. and the relatively short time we have been operating those restaurants, we have lower brand awareness, lower sales and/or transaction counts, and less operating experience in these markets. The markets in which
we’ve opened restaurants outside the U.S., and any additional new markets we enter outside the U.S. in the future, have different competitive conditions, consumer tastes and discretionary spending patterns than our U.S. markets. As a result,
new restaurants outside the U.S. may be less successful than restaurants in our existing markets. Specifically, due to lower consumer familiarity with the Chipotle brand, differences in customer tastes or spending patterns, or for other reasons,
sales at restaurants opened outside the U.S. may take longer to ramp up and reach expected sales and profit levels, and may never do so, thereby affecting our overall profitability. To build brand awareness in international markets, we may need to
make greater investments in advertising and promotional activity than we originally planned, which could negatively impact the profitability of our operations in those markets. 

12 

Table of Contents

We may also find it more difficult in international markets to hire, motivate and keep
qualified employees who can project our vision, passion and culture. In addition, restaurants outside the U.S. have had higher construction, occupancy and operating costs than restaurants in existing markets, and we may have difficulty finding
reliable suppliers or distributors or ones that can provide us, either initially or over time, with adequate supplies of ingredients meeting our quality standards. Markets outside the U.S. may also have regulatory differences with the U.S. with
which we are not familiar, or that subject us to significant additional expense or to which we are not able to successfully adapt, which may have a particularly adverse impact on our sales or profitability in those markets and could adversely impact
our overall results. Our overall results may also be affected by currency risk on the transactions in other currencies and translation adjustments resulting from the conversion of our international financial results into the U.S. dollar. 

ShopHouse Southeast Asian Kitchen and Pizzeria Locale may not contribute to our growth. 

We believe that the fundamental principles on which Chipotle restaurants are based—finding the very best sustainably raised
ingredients, prepared and cooked using classical methods in front of the customer, and served in an interactive format by special people dedicated to providing a great dining experience—can be adapted to cuisines other than the food we serve at
Chipotle. In order to see how our model works when we use different ingredients and a different style of food, we opened ShopHouse Southeast Asian Kitchen during 2011 and now have a total of six ShopHouse restaurants, in Washington D.C. and the Los
Angeles area. We also announced in late 2013 that we have invested in a company operating a new fast casual Pizzeria Locale restaurant in Denver, Colorado, and that we plan to invest in and assist with the expansion of Pizzeria Locale in the future.
ShopHouse and Pizzeria Locale are new brands and they have lower brand awareness, lower sales and less operating experience than most Chipotle restaurants, and may not achieve the same restaurant economics as Chipotle restaurants. Notwithstanding
our opening of ShopHouse and investment in Pizzeria Locale, our immediate focus will remain on thoughtfully growing the Chipotle brand. As a result, we do not expect ShopHouse or Pizzeria Locale to contribute to our growth in a meaningful way for at
least the next several years, and we may determine not to move forward with any further expansion of ShopHouse or Pizzeria Locale. This would limit our overall growth over the long term. 

Our failure to manage our growth effectively could harm our business and operating results. 

As described elsewhere in this report, our plans call for a significant number of new restaurants. Our existing restaurant management
systems, financial and management controls, information systems and personnel may be inadequate to support our expansion. Managing our growth effectively will require us to continue to enhance these systems, procedures and controls and to hire,
train and retain general managers, crew and corporate staff. We also are continuing to attempt to improve our field management in an effort to develop additional top-performing general managers more quickly. We may not respond quickly enough to the
changing demands that our expansion will impose on management, crew and existing infrastructure, and changes to our operating structure may result in increased costs or inefficiencies that we cannot currently anticipate. Changes as we grow may have
a negative impact on the operation of our restaurants, and cost increases resulting from our inability to effectively manage our growth could adversely impact our profitability. We also place a lot of importance on our culture, which we believe has
been an important contributor to our success. As we grow, we may have difficulty maintaining our culture or adapting it sufficiently to meet the needs of our operations. Our failure to foster and maintain our corporate culture could also harm our
business and operating results. 

Risks Related to Operating in the Restaurant Industry 

Changes in food and supply costs could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our profitability depends in part on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in food and supply costs. Like all restaurant
companies, we are susceptible to increases in food costs as a result of factors beyond our control, such as general economic conditions, seasonal fluctuations, weather conditions, global demand, food safety concerns, generalized infectious diseases,
fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, product recalls and government regulations. The cost of many basic foods for humans and animals, including corn, wheat, rice and cooking oils, has increased markedly in some years, resulting in upward pricing
pressures on almost all of our raw ingredients including chicken, beef, tortillas and rice, increasing our food costs. Food prices for a number of our key 

13 

Table of Contents

ingredients escalated markedly at various points during 2013 and we expect that there will be additional pricing pressures on some of those ingredients, including avocados, beef, dairy and
chicken during 2014. We could also be adversely impacted by price increases specific to meats raised in accordance with our sustainability and responsibility criteria or other food items we buy as part of our Food With Integrity focus, the markets
for which are generally smaller and more concentrated than the markets for commodity food products. Weather related issues, such as freezes or drought, may also lead to temporary spikes in the prices of some ingredients such as produce or meats. For
instance, two years of drought conditions in parts of the U.S. have resulted in significant increases in beef prices during late 2013 and early 2014. Increasing weather volatility or other long-term changes in global weather patterns, including any
changes associated with global climate change, could have a significant impact on the price or availability of some of our ingredients. Any increase in the prices of the ingredients most critical to our menu, such as chicken, beef, cheese, avocados,
beans, rice, tomatoes and pork, would adversely affect our operating results. Alternatively, in the event of cost increases with respect to one or more of our raw ingredients, we may choose to temporarily suspend serving menu items, such as
guacamole or one or more of our salsas, rather than paying the increased cost for the ingredients. Any such changes to our available menu may negatively impact our restaurant traffic and comparable restaurant sales, and could also have an adverse
impact on our brand. 

Our business could be adversely affected by increased labor costs or difficulties in finding the
right employees for our restaurants and the right field leaders. 

Labor is a primary component of our operating costs,
and we believe good managers and crew are a key part of our success. We devote significant resources to recruiting and training our general managers and crew. Increased labor costs due to factors like additional taxes or requirements to incur
additional employee benefits costs, including the requirements of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, or the Affordable Care Act, (discussed further under “Regulatory and Legal Risks—
The effect of recent changes to
U.S. healthcare laws may increase our healthcare costs and negatively impact our financial results,”), as well as competition, increased minimum wage requirements, paid sick leave or vacation accrual mandates, and any changes in our
restaurant staffing structure would adversely impact our operating costs. Our success also depends in part on the energy and skills of our employees and our ability to hire, motivate and keep qualified employees, especially general managers and crew
members. As we grow, we believe we will need to promote or hire additional top-performing field leaders to ensure we hire and motivate good managers and crew, and it may be difficult to identify and keep those field leaders. Our failure to find and
keep enough employees who are a good fit with our culture could delay planned restaurant openings, result in higher employee turnover or erode our employee and restaurant cultures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business
and results of operations. Restaurant operators have traditionally experienced relatively high employee turnover rates. Any increase in our turnover rates for managers or crew could be costly and could negatively impact our operations. 

Various states in which we operate are considering or have already adopted new immigration laws, and the U.S. Congress and Department of
Homeland Security from time to time consider or implement changes to Federal immigration laws, regulations or enforcement programs as well. Changes in immigration or work authorization laws may increase our obligations for compliance and oversight,
which could subject us to additional costs and make our hiring process more cumbersome, or reduce the availability of potential employees. Although we require all workers to provide us with government-specified documentation evidencing their
employment eligibility, some of our employees may, without our knowledge, be unauthorized workers. We currently participate in the “E-Verify” program, an Internet-based, free program run by the U.S. government, to verify employment
eligibility for all employees throughout our company. However, use of E-Verify does not guarantee that we will properly identify all applicants who are ineligible for employment. Unauthorized workers may subject us to fines or penalties, and we
could experience adverse publicity that negatively impacts our brand and may make it more difficult to hire and keep qualified employees. For example, following an audit by the Department of Homeland Security of the work authorization documents of
our restaurant employees in Minnesota during 2010, we lost approximately 450 employees, resulting in a temporary increase in labor costs and disruption of our operations, including slower throughput, as we trained new employees, as well as some
degree of negative publicity. The resulting broad-based civil and criminal investigations by the U.S. Attorney for 

14 

Table of Contents

the District of Columbia and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission of our compliance with work authorization requirements and related disclosures and statements are ongoing. See Note 9
“Commitments and Contingencies” in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” Termination of a significant number of employees in specific markets or across our
company would disrupt our operations including slowing our throughput, and could also cause additional adverse publicity and temporary increases in our labor costs as we train new employees. We could also become subject to fines, penalties and other
costs related to claims that we did not fully comply with all recordkeeping obligations of federal and state immigration compliance laws. Our financial performance may be materially harmed as a result of any of these factors. 

Because we do not franchise, risks associated with hiring and maintaining a large workforce, including increases in wage rates or the cost
of employee benefits, compliance with laws and regulations related to the hiring, payment and termination of employees, and employee-related litigation, may be more pronounced for us than for restaurant companies at which some or all of these risks
are borne by franchisees or other operating contractors. 

Instances of food-borne or localized illnesses could cause the
temporary closure of some restaurants or result in negative publicity, thereby resulting in a decline in our sales, and could adversely affect the price and availability of the meat, produce or dairy we use to prepare our food. 

Instances of food-borne illnesses, real or perceived, whether at our restaurants or those of our competitors, may subject us to liability
to affected customers, and could result in negative publicity about us or the restaurant industry that adversely affects our sales. For instance, on a small number of occasions a Chipotle restaurant has been associated with customer illness, and on
those occasions our sales have been adversely impacted, at times even in markets beyond those impacted by the illness. We may be at a higher risk for food-borne illness outbreaks than some competitors due to our use of fresh produce and meats rather
than frozen, and our reliance on employees cooking with traditional methods rather than automation. If our customers become ill from food-borne or localized illnesses or if an illness is attributed to our food, even incorrectly, we could also be
forced to temporarily close some restaurants. In addition, reports linking nationwide or regional outbreaks of food-borne illnesses have caused us to temporarily suspend serving some produce items in our foods or to otherwise alter our menu.
Similarly, past outbreaks of E. coli relating to certain food items caused consumers to avoid certain products and restaurant chains, Asian and European countries have experienced outbreaks of avian flu, and incidents of “mad cow” disease
have occurred in Canadian and U.S. cattle herds. These problems, other food-borne illnesses (such as hepatitis A or norovirus) and injuries caused by food tampering have had in the past, and could have in the future, an adverse affect on the price
and availability of affected ingredients. A decrease in customer traffic as a result of these health concerns or negative publicity, or as a result of a change in our menu or dining experience or a temporary closure of any of our restaurants, would
adversely impact our restaurant sales and profitability. Furthermore, if we react to these problems by changing our menu or other key aspects of the Chipotle experience, we may lose customers who do not accept those changes, and may not be able to
attract enough new customers to generate sufficient revenue to make our restaurants profitable. Customers may also shift away from us if we choose to pass along to consumers any higher ingredient costs resulting from supply problems associated with
outbreaks of food-borne illnesses, which would also have a negative impact on our sales and profitability. The risk of illnesses associated with our food might increase in connection with an expansion of our catering business or other situations in
which our food is served in conditions we cannot control. 

Competition could adversely affect us. 

The fast-casual, quick-service and casual dining segments of the restaurant industry are highly competitive with respect to, among other
things, taste, price, food quality and presentation, service, location and the ambience and condition of each restaurant. Our competition includes a variety of restaurants in each of these segments, including locally owned restaurants and national
and regional chains. Many of our competitors offer dine-in, carry-out and delivery services. Many of our competitors have existed longer than we have and may have a more established market presence with substantially greater financial, marketing,
personnel and other resources than 

15 

Table of Contents

we have. Among our main competitors are a number of multi-unit, multi-market Mexican food or burrito restaurant concepts, some of which are expanding nationally. Some of these competitors, and
other fast casual concepts, have sought to duplicate various elements of our business operations, and more chains may copy us to varying degrees in the future. Additionally, our newer concepts, ShopHouse Southeast Asian Kitchen and Pizzeria Locale,
operate in markets in which there are numerous competitors, including a number of large and well-known brands. A number of other companies or individuals in the restaurant industry have recently opened or invested in fast-casual pizza concepts. In
addition, our strategy includes opening additional restaurants in existing markets, and as we do so sales may decline in our previously-opened restaurants as customers who frequent our established restaurants begin to visit a newly-opened restaurant
instead. 

Several of our competitors compete by offering menu items that are specifically identified as low in carbohydrates,
better for customers or otherwise targeted at particular consumer preferences. Many of our competitors in the fast-casual and quick-service segments of the restaurant industry also emphasize lower-cost, “value meal” menu options, a
strategy we do not currently pursue. Our sales may be adversely affected by these products and price competition. 

Moreover, we
may also compete with companies outside the fast casual and quick service and casual dining segments of the restaurant industry. For example, competitive pressures can come from deli sections and in-store cafés of several major grocery store
chains, including those targeted at customers who want higher-quality food, as well as from convenience stores and casual dining outlets. These competitors may have, among other things, a more diverse menu, lower operating costs, better locations,
better facilities, better management, more effective marketing and more efficient operations than we have. 

Any of these
competitive factors may adversely affect us and reduce our sales and profits. 

Failure to receive frequent deliveries of
higher-quality food ingredients and other supplies could harm our operations. 

Our ability to maintain our menu depends
in part on our ability to acquire ingredients that meet our specifications from reliable suppliers. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of ingredients caused by unanticipated demand, problems in production or distribution, food contamination,
inclement weather, a supplier ceasing operations or other conditions could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of our ingredients, which could harm our operations. We have almost no long-term contracts with suppliers, and we have
relied largely on a third party distribution network with a limited number of distribution partners. If any of our distributors or suppliers performs inadequately, or our distribution or supply relationships are disrupted for any reason, our
business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be adversely affected. We currently depend on a limited number of suppliers for some of our key ingredients, including beef, pork, chicken, beans, rice, sour cream, cheese, and
tortillas. Due to the unique nature of the products we receive from our Food With Integrity suppliers and as described in more detail below under “Risks Related to our Unique Business Strategy—We may not persuade customers of the
benefits of paying our prices for higher-quality food,” these suppliers could be more difficult to replace if we were no longer able to rely on them. If we have to seek new suppliers and service providers we may be subject to pricing or
other terms less favorable than those we currently enjoy. If we cannot replace or engage distributors or suppliers who meet our specifications in a short period of time, that could increase our expenses and cause shortages of food and other items at
our restaurants, which could cause a restaurant to remove items from its menu. If that were to happen and customers change their dining habits as a result, affected restaurants could experience significant reductions in sales during the shortage or
thereafter. Our focus on a limited menu would make the consequences of a shortage of a key ingredient more severe. 

Changes in customer tastes and preferences, spending patterns and demographic trends could cause sales to decline.

Changes in customer preferences, general economic conditions, discretionary spending priorities, demographic trends,
traffic patterns and the type, number and location of competing restaurants affect the 

16 

Table of Contents

restaurant industry. Our sales could be impacted by changes in consumer preferences in response to dietary concerns, including preferences regarding items such as calories, sodium, carbohydrates
or fat. These changes could result in consumers avoiding our menu items in favor of other foods, and our focus on a limited menu could make the consequences of a change in consumer preferences more severe than our competitors may face. Our success
also depends to a significant extent on consumer confidence, which is influenced by general economic conditions and discretionary income levels. Our average restaurant sales may decline during economic downturns or periods of uncertainty, which can
be caused by various factors such as high unemployment, increasing taxes, interest rates, or other changes in fiscal or monetary policy, high gasoline prices, declining home prices, tight credit markets or foreign political or economic unrest. Any
material decline in consumer confidence or a decline in family “food away from home” spending could cause our sales, operating results, profits, business or financial condition to decline. If we fail to adapt to changes in customer
preferences and trends, we may lose customers and our sales may deteriorate. 

If we were to experience widespread
difficulty renewing existing leases on favorable terms, our revenue or occupancy costs could be adversely affected. 

We
lease substantially all of the properties on which we operate restaurants, and some of our leases are due for renewal or extension options in the next several years. Some leases are subject to renewal at fair market value, which could involve
substantial increases and a smaller number expire without any renewal option. While we currently expect to pursue the renewal of substantially all of our expiring restaurant leases, any difficulty renewing a significant number of such leases, or any
substantial increase in rents associated with lease renewals, could adversely impact us. If we have to close any restaurants due to difficulties in renewing leases, we would lose revenue from the affected restaurants and may not be able to open
suitable replacement restaurants. Substantial increases in rents associated with lease renewals would increase our occupancy costs, reducing our restaurant margins. 

Regulatory and Legal Risks 

Governmental regulation in one or
more of the following areas may adversely affect our existing and future operations and results, including by harming our ability to open new restaurants or increasing our operating costs. 

Employment and Immigration Regulations 

We are subject to various federal and state laws governing our relationship with and other matters pertaining to our employees, including wage and hour laws, requirements to provide meal and rest periods
or other benefits, family leave mandates, requirements regarding working conditions and accommodations to certain employees, citizenship or work authorization and related requirements, insurance and workers’ compensation rules and
anti-discrimination laws. Complying with these rules subjects us to substantial expense and can be cumbersome, and can also expose us to liabilities from claims for non-compliance. For example, a number of lawsuits have been filed against us
alleging violations of federal and state laws regarding employee wages and payment of overtime, meal and rest breaks, employee record-keeping and related practices with respect to our employees. We could suffer losses from, and we incur legal costs
to defend, these or similar cases, and the amount of such losses or costs could be significant. In addition, several states and localities in which we operate and the federal government have from time to time enacted minimum wage increases, paid
sick leave and mandatory vacation accruals, and similar requirements and these changes could increase our labor costs. In addition, see “The effect of recent changes to U.S. healthcare laws may increase our healthcare costs and negatively
impact our financial results” below for a discussion of risks related to recent changes in U.S. healthcare laws. 

We
also are audited from time to time for compliance with citizenship or work authorization requirements as well, and recent audit activity and federal criminal and civil investigations in this area are described in more detail above under
“Risks Related to Operating in the Restaurant Industry—
Our business could be adversely affected by increased labor costs or difficulties in finding the right employees for our restaurants and the right field leaders,” as
well as in Note 9 “Commitments and Contingencies” in our consolidated financial statements 

17 

Table of Contents

included in Item 8. “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.” Unauthorized workers may subject us to fines or penalties, and if any of our workers are found to be unauthorized
our business may be disrupted as we try to replace lost workers with additional qualified employees. On the other hand, in the event we wrongfully reject work authorization documents, or if our compliance procedures are found to have a disparate
impact on a protected class such as a racial minority or based on the citizenship status of applicants, we could be found to be in violation of anti-discrimination laws. We could experience adverse publicity arising from enforcement activity related
to work authorization compliance, anti-discrimination compliance, or both, that negatively impacts our brand and may make it more difficult to hire and keep qualified employees. Moreover, in addition to the criminal and civil investigations
mentioned above under “Risks Related to Operating in the Restaurant Industry—
Our business could be adversely affected by increased labor costs or difficulties in finding the right employees for our restaurants and the right field
leaders,” the office of the U.S. Attorney for the District of Columbia and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission have informed us that they are conducting parallel investigations into possible criminal and civil securities law
violations relating to our employee work authorization compliance and related disclosures and statements as well. All of the foregoing investigations will continue to be expensive and distracting, and could subject us to fines, reputational damage,
and other liabilities that could be significant. 

Additionally, while we do not currently have any unionized employees, union
organizers have engaged in efforts to organize employees of other restaurant companies. If a significant portion of our employees were to become union organized, our labor costs could increase and our efforts to maintain a culture appealing only to
top performing employees could be impaired. Potential changes in labor laws, including the possible passage of legislation designed to make it easier for employees to unionize, could increase the likelihood of some or all of our employees being
subjected to greater organized labor influence, and could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results by imposing requirements that could potentially increase our costs, reduce our flexibility and impact our employee culture.

Americans with Disabilities Act and Similar State Laws 

We are subject to the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act, or ADA, and similar state laws that give civil rights protections to
individuals with disabilities in the context of employment, public accommodations and other areas. We have incurred substantial legal fees in connection with ADA-related complaints in the past, and we may in the future have to modify restaurants,
for example by adding access ramps or redesigning certain architectural features, to provide service to or make reasonable accommodations for disabled persons under these laws. The expenses associated with these modifications, or any damages, legal
fees and costs associated with litigating or resolving claims under the ADA or similar state laws, could be material. 

Nutrition and Food Regulation 

In recent years, there has been an increased legislative, regulatory and consumer focus at the federal, state and municipal levels on the food industry including nutrition and advertising practices.
Restaurants operating in the quick-service and fast-casual segments have been a particular focus. For example, the State of California, New York City and a number of other jurisdictions around the U.S. have adopted regulations requiring that chain
restaurants include calorie information on their menu boards or make other nutritional information available. The U.S. health care reform law included nation-wide menu labeling and nutrition disclosure requirements as well, and our restaurants will
be covered by these national requirements when they go into effect, which may be as early as 2014. Initiatives in the area of nutrition disclosure or advertising, such as requirements to provide information about the nutritional content of our food,
may increase our expenses or slow customers as they move through the line, decreasing our throughput. These initiatives may also change customer buying habits in a way that adversely impacts our sales. 

Local Licensure, Zoning and Other Regulation 

Each of our restaurants is also subject to state and local licensing and regulation by health, alcoholic beverage, sanitation, food and workplace safety and other agencies. We may experience material
difficulties or failures in obtaining the necessary licenses or approvals for new restaurants, which could delay planned 

18 

Table of Contents

restaurant openings. In addition, stringent and varied requirements of local regulators with respect to zoning, land use and environmental factors could delay or prevent development of new
restaurants in particular locations. 

Environmental Laws 

We are subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations concerning the discharge, storage, handling, release and
disposal of hazardous or toxic substances, as well as local ordinances restricting the types of packaging we can use in our restaurants. We have not conducted a comprehensive environmental review of our properties or operations. We have, however,
conducted investigations of some of our properties and identified contamination caused by third-party operations. We believe any such contamination has been or should be addressed by the third party. If the relevant third party does not address or
has not addressed the identified contamination properly or completely, then under certain environmental laws, we could be held liable as an owner or operator to address any remaining contamination, sometimes without regard to whether we knew of, or
were responsible for, the release or presence of hazardous or toxic substances. Any such liability could be material. Further, we may not have identified all of the potential environmental liabilities at our properties, and any such liabilities
could have a material adverse effect on our operations or results of operations. We also cannot predict what environmental laws will be enacted in the future, how existing or future environmental laws will be administered or interpreted, or the
amount of future expenditures that we may need to make to comply with, or to satisfy claims relating to, environmental laws. 

Other Aspects of Regulatory Risk 

From time to time we are the target of litigation in connection with various laws and regulations that cover our business. Much of this litigation occurs in California even though currently only about 18%
of our restaurants are located there. As we continue to expand in California, or if we are not able to effectively manage the increased litigation risks and expenses we have experienced in California, our business may be adversely impacted to a
greater extent than if we did not operate in, or minimized our operations in, California. 

Because we do not franchise, the
costs of compliance and other risks associated with government regulation of our business, as described above, may be more pronounced for us than for restaurant companies at which some or all of these risks are borne by franchisees or other
operating contractors. 

The effect of recent changes to U.S. healthcare laws may increase our healthcare costs and
negatively impact our financial results. 

We offer eligible full-time and part-time U.S. employees the opportunity to
enroll in healthcare coverage subsidized by us. For various reasons, many of our eligible employees currently choose not to participate in our healthcare plans. However, under the comprehensive U.S. health care reform law enacted in 2010, the
Affordable Care Act, changes that become effective in 2014, and especially the employer mandate and employer penalties that are scheduled to become effective in 2015, may increase our labor costs significantly. Changes in the law for 2014, including
the imposition of a penalty on individuals who do not obtain healthcare coverage, may result in employees who are currently eligible but elect not to participate in our healthcare plans now finding it more advantageous to do so, which may increase
our healthcare costs. In 2015, we will either adopt a qualifying plan under the Affordable Care Act for our full-time hourly employees, which will likely increase our healthcare expenses significantly, or we will be subject to employer penalties,
which could also significantly increase our labor costs. It is also possible that making changes or failing to make changes in the healthcare plans we offer will make us less attractive to our current or potential employees. And in any event,
implementing the requirements of the Affordable Care Act is likely to impose some additional administrative costs on us. The costs and other effects of these new healthcare requirements cannot be determined with certainty, but they may have a
material adverse effect on our financial and operating results. 

We could be party to litigation that could adversely
affect us by distracting management, increasing our expenses or subjecting us to material money damages and other remedies. 

We’re subject to numerous claims alleging violations of federal and state laws regarding workplace and employment matters, including wages, work hours, overtime, vacation and family leave,
discrimination, 

19 

Table of Contents

wrongful termination, and similar matters, and we could become subject to class action or other lawsuits related to these or different matters in the future. Our customers also occasionally file
complaints or lawsuits against us alleging that we’re responsible for some illness or injury they suffered at or after a visit to our restaurants, or that we have problems with food quality, operations or our food related disclosure or
advertising practices. See “Governmental regulation in one or more of the following areas may adversely affect our existing and future operations and results, including by harming our ability to open new restaurants or increasing our
operating costs” above, for additional discussion of these types of claims. From time to time, we also face claims alleging that technology we use in our business infringes patents held by third parties. In addition, the restaurant industry
has been subject to a growing number of claims based on the nutritional content of food products sold and disclosure and advertising practices. We have been subject to a number of these actions and may be subject to additional actions of this type
in the future. We are also undergoing government investigations as described elsewhere in this report, including in Note 9 “Commitments and Contingencies” in our consolidated financial statements included in Item 8. “Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data.” 

We believe the number of many of the foregoing types of claims has increased as our
business has grown and we have become more visible to potential plaintiffs and their lawyers, particularly in California. Regardless of whether any claims against us are valid, or whether we’re ultimately held liable for such claims, they may
be expensive to defend and may divert time and money away from our operations and hurt our performance. A significant judgment for any claims against us could materially and adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Any
adverse publicity resulting from these allegations, whether directed at us or at fast casual or quick-service restaurants generally, may also materially and adversely affect our reputation or prospects, which in turn could adversely affect our
results. 

Risks Related to our Unique Business Strategy 

We may not persuade customers of the benefits of paying our prices for higher-quality food. 

Our success depends in large part on our ability to persuade customers that food made with higher-quality ingredients is worth the prices they will pay at our restaurants relative to prices offered by
some of our competitors, particularly those in the quick-service restaurant segment. We may not successfully educate customers about the quality of our food, and customers may not care even if they do understand our approach. That could require us
to change our pricing, advertising or promotional strategies, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or the brand identity that we have tried to create. Consumers may also be more price-sensitive during periods of
economic difficulty or uncertainty, and we experienced some decrease in traffic during late 2008 and throughout 2009 that we attribute in part to menu price increases. Recent reports have indicated continued consumer uncertainty that may persist
during 2014, so our ability to increase menu prices or customer visits may be significantly hampered for the foreseeable future. We have announced that we are likely to increase menu prices during 2014, and if we do so it may adversely impact our
customer traffic. 

Our Food With Integrity philosophy subjects us to risks. 

The principle of Food With Integrity constitutes a significant part of our business strategy. We use a substantial amount of ingredients
grown or raised with an emphasis on practices we believe to be more sustainable or responsible than some conventional practices, and try to make food as fresh as we can. We do, however, face challenges associated with pursuing Food With Integrity.
There are higher costs and other risks associated with purchasing ingredients grown or raised with an emphasis on quality, sustainability and other responsible practices. Growth rate and weight gain can be lower for chickens, cattle and pigs that
are not fed sub-therapeutic antibiotics and for cattle that are not given growth hormones. Crops grown organically or using other responsible practices can take longer to grow and crop yields can be lower. It can take longer to identify and secure
relationships with suppliers that are able to meet our criteria for meat, dairy and produce ingredients. Given the costs associated with what we believe are more responsible farming practices, and in some years due to decreased demand as a result of
the weak economic environment, many large suppliers have not found it economical to pursue business in this area. Although all of our restaurants generally serve meat from animals raised in accordance with criteria we’ve established in an
effort to improve sustainability and promote animal 

20 

Table of Contents

welfare, we may experience shortages of meat, particularly chicken or steak, meeting these criteria due to suppliers suspending production, market conditions, or other forces beyond our control.
A few of our markets have reverted to temporarily serving conventionally raised beef or chicken due to supply shortages, including ongoing shortages of beef meeting our protocols during 2013 and early 2014. Furthermore, as we grow, the ability
of our suppliers to expand output or otherwise increase their supplies to meet our needs may be constrained. Moreover, we have made a significant commitment to serving local or organic produce when seasonally available, and a small portion of our
restaurants also serves produce purchased from farmers markets seasonally as well. These produce initiatives may make it more difficult to keep quality consistent, and present additional risk of food-borne illnesses given the greater number of
suppliers involved in such a system and the difficulty of imposing our quality assurance programs on all such suppliers. Quality variations and food-borne illness concerns could adversely impact public perceptions of Food With Integrity or our brand
generally. 

If as a result of any of these factors we are unable to obtain a sufficient and consistent supply of these
ingredients on a cost-effective basis, our food costs could increase, adversely impacting our operating margins. These factors could also cause us difficulties in aligning our brand with Food With Integrity, which could make us less popular among
our customers and cause sales to decline. Our commitment to Food With Integrity may also leave us open to actions against us or criticism from special interest groups whose ideas regarding food issues differ from ours or who believe we should pursue
different or additional goals with our Food With Integrity approach. Any adverse publicity that results from such criticism could damage our brand and adversely impact customer traffic at our restaurants. We may also face adverse publicity or
liability for false advertising claims if suppliers do not adhere to all of the elements of our Food With Integrity programs, such as responsible meat protocols, requirements for organic or sustainable growing methods, and similar criteria on which
we base our purchasing decisions. If any such supplier failures occur and are publicized, our reputation would be harmed and our sales may be adversely impacted. 

Additionally, in response to increasing customer awareness and demand, some competitors have also begun to advertise their use of meats raised without the use of antibiotics or growth hormones, dairy
products from cows not treated with rBGH, and other ingredients similar to those we seek as part of our Food With Integrity philosophy. If competitors become known for using these types of higher-quality or more sustainable ingredients, it could
further limit our supply of these ingredients, and may make it more difficult for us to differentiate Chipotle and our restaurants, which could adversely impact our operating results. 

Our success may depend on the continued service and availability of key personnel. 

Our Chairman and co-Chief Executive Officer Steve Ells founded our company, has been the principal architect of our business strategy, and
has led our growth from a single restaurant in 1993 to over 1,500 restaurants today. Monty Moran, our co-Chief Executive Officer, and Jack Hartung, our Chief Financial Officer, have also served with us for several years and much of our growth has
occurred under their direction as well. We believe our executive officers, each of whom is an at-will employee without any employment contract, have created an employee culture, food culture and business strategy at our company that has been
critical to our success and that may be difficult to replicate under another management team. We also believe that it may be difficult to locate and retain executive officers who are able to grasp and implement our unique strategic vision. If our
company culture were to deteriorate following a change in leadership, or if a new management team were to be unsuccessful in executing our strategy or were to change important elements of our current strategy, our growth prospects or future
operating results may be adversely impacted. 

Our marketing and advertising strategies may not be successful, which
could adversely impact our business. 

We have developed a marketing and advertising strategy that we believe is unique
in the restaurant industry. We have not generally advertised on television and engage in very limited price or value-based promotions. Instead we invest in marketing and advertising strategies that we believe will increase customers’ connection
with our brand. If these marketing and advertising investments do not drive increased restaurant sales, the 

21 

Table of Contents

expense associated with these programs will adversely impact our financial results, and we may not generate the levels of comparable restaurant sales we expect. In addition, our marketing has
increasingly incorporated elements intended to encourage customers to question sources or production methods commonly used to produce food. These elements of our marketing could alienate food suppliers and other food industry groups and may
potentially lead to an increased risk of disputes or litigation if suppliers or other constituencies believe our marketing is unfair or misleading. Increased costs in connection with any such issues, or any deterioration in our relationships with
existing suppliers, could adversely impact us or our reputation. Furthermore, if these messages do not resonate with our customers or potential customers, the value of our brands may be eroded. 

We have also implemented strategies such as remote ordering and catering options in an effort to increase overall sales. Our catering
program, in particular, is new and untested and may not increase our sales to the degree we expect, or at all. Catering and other out-of-restaurant sales options also introduce new operating procedures to our restaurants and we may not successfully
execute these procedures, which could adversely impact the customer experience in our restaurants and thereby harm our sales and customer perception of our brand. 

General Business Risks 

We may be harmed by security risks we
face in connection with our electronic processing and transmission of confidential customer and employee information. 

We accept electronic payment cards for payment in our restaurants. During 2013 approximately 64% of our sales were attributable to credit
and debit card transactions, and credit and debit card usage could continue to increase. A number of retailers have experienced actual or potential security breaches in which credit and debit card information may have been stolen, including a number
of highly publicized incidents with well-known retailers in late 2013 and early 2014. In August 2004, the merchant bank that processed our credit and debit card transactions informed us that we may have been the victim of a possible theft of
card data. As a result, we recorded losses and related expenses totaling $4.3 million from 2004 through 2006. 

We may in the
future become subject to additional claims for purportedly fraudulent transactions arising out of the actual or alleged theft of credit or debit card information, and we may also be subject to lawsuits or other proceedings in the future relating to
these types of incidents. Proceedings related to theft of credit or debit card information may be brought by payment card providers, banks and credit unions that issue cards, cardholders (either individually or as part of a class action lawsuit) and
federal and state regulators. Any such proceedings could distract our management from running our business and cause us to incur significant unplanned losses and expenses. Consumer perception of our brand could also be negatively affected by these
events, which could further adversely affect our results and prospects. 

We also are required to collect and maintain personal
information about our employees, and we collect information about customers as part of some of our marketing programs as well. The collection and use of such information is regulated at the federal and state levels, and the regulatory environment
related to information security and privacy is increasingly demanding. At the same time, we are relying increasingly on cloud computing and other technologies that result in third parties holding significant amounts of customer or employee
information on our behalf. If the security and information systems of ours or of outsourced third party providers we use to store or process such information are compromised or if we or such third parties otherwise fail to comply with these laws and
regulations, we could face litigation and the imposition of penalties, which could adversely affect our financial performance. Our reputation as a brand or as an employer could also be adversely affected, which could impair our sales or ability to
attract and keep qualified employees. 

Our insurance coverage and self-insurance reserves may not cover future claims.

We maintain various insurance policies for employee health, worker’s compensation, general liability, property
damage and auto liability. We are self-insured for our employee health plans but have third party insurance coverage to limit exposure for both individual and aggregate claim costs. We are also responsible for losses up to a certain limit for
worker’s compensation, general liability, property damage and auto liability insurance. 

22 

Table of Contents

For policies under which we are responsible for losses, we record a liability that
represents our estimated cost of claims incurred and unpaid as of the balance sheet date. Our estimated liability is not discounted and is based on a number of assumptions and factors, including historical trends, actuarial assumptions and economic
conditions, and is closely monitored and adjusted when warranted by changing circumstances. Our history of claims experience is short and our significant growth rate could affect the accuracy of estimates based on historical experience. If a greater
amount of claims occurs compared to what we estimated, or if medical costs increase beyond what we expected, our accrued liabilities might not be sufficient and we may be required to record additional expense. Unanticipated changes may also produce
materially different amounts of expense than reported under these programs, which could adversely impact our results of operations. 

Negative publicity relating to our restaurants or our company could adversely impact our reputation, which may significantly harm us. 

We depend in part on customers’ perception of and connection to our brand. We may experience negative publicity from time to time
relating to food quality, customer complaints, restaurant facilities, advertising and other business practices, litigation alleging illness or injury, regulatory issues, our suppliers’ potential failure to adhere to elements of our Food With
Integrity protocols, other issues regarding the integrity of our suppliers’ food processing, employee relationships, or other matters, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are held to be responsible. The negative impact
of adverse publicity relating to one or more restaurants or any of the foregoing topics may extend far beyond the restaurant(s) involved and affect many more, or even all, of our restaurants. The considerable expansion in the use of social media
over recent years can further amplify any negative publicity that may be generated. A similar risk exists with respect to unrelated food service businesses, if consumers associate those businesses with our own operations. 

Negative publicity may adversely impact customers’ perception of us, which could adversely impact our sales. If the impact of any
such negative publicity is particularly long-lasting, the value of our brand may suffer and our ability to grow could be diminished. Additionally, negative publicity about our employment practices may affect our reputation among employees and
potential employees, which could make it more difficult for us to attract and retain top-performing employees. That could adversely impact the quality of the customer experience we can offer and our operations generally, and may increase our labor
costs as well. 

We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could harm the value of our
brands and adversely affect our business. 

Our ability to successfully implement our business plan depends in part on
our ability to further build brand recognition using our trademarks, service marks, trade dress and other proprietary intellectual property, including our name and logos, our Food With Integrity strategy and the unique ambience of our restaurants.
If our efforts to protect our intellectual property are inadequate, or if any third party misappropriates or infringes on our intellectual property, either in print or on the internet, the value of our brands may be harmed, which could have a
material adverse effect on our business and might prevent our brands from achieving or maintaining market acceptance. We are aware of restaurants in foreign jurisdictions using menu items, logos and other branding that we believe are based on our
intellectual property, and our ability to halt these restaurants from using these elements may be limited in jurisdictions in which we are not operating. This could have an adverse impact on our ability to successfully expand into other
jurisdictions in the future. We may also encounter claims from prior users of similar intellectual property in areas where we operate or intend to conduct operations. This could harm our image, brand or competitive position and cause us to incur
significant penalties and costs. 

Our quarterly results may fluctuate significantly and could fall below the
expectations of securities analysts and investors due to various factors. 

Our quarterly results may fluctuate
significantly and could fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts and investors because of various factors, including: 

•

 changes in comparable restaurant sales and customer visits, including as a result of changes in consumer confidence; 

•

 our ability to raise menu prices without adversely impacting customer traffic; 

23 

Table of Contents

•

 changes in consumer preferences and discretionary spending; 

•

 labor availability and wages of restaurant management and crew, as well as temporary fluctuations in labor costs as a result of large-scale changes in
workforce; 

•

 fluctuations in supply costs, particularly for our most significant food items; 

•

 the timing of new restaurant openings and related revenues and expenses; 

•

 operating costs at newly opened restaurants, which are often materially greater during the first several months of operation;

•

 the impact of inclement weather, natural disasters and other calamities, such as freezes that have impacted produce crops and droughts that have
impacted livestock and the supply of certain meats; 

•

 variations in general economic conditions, including the impact of declining interest rates on our interest income; 

•

 negative publicity about the ingredients we use or the occurrence of food-borne illnesses or other problems at our restaurants;

•

 increases in infrastructure costs; 

•

 litigation, settlement costs and related legal expense; 

•

 tax expenses, impairment charges and other non-operating costs; and 

•

 potential distraction or unusual expenses associated with our expansion into international markets or initiatives to expand new concepts.

Seasonal factors also cause our results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Our restaurant sales are
typically lower during the winter months and the holiday season and during periods of inclement weather (because fewer people are eating out) and higher during the spring, summer and fall months (for the opposite reason). Our restaurant sales will
also vary as a result of the number of trading days—that is, the number of days in a quarter when a restaurant is open. 

As a result of these factors, results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter
or for any year. Average restaurant sales or comparable restaurant sales in any particular future period may decrease. In the future, operating results may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, which could cause our stock
price to fall. We believe the market price of our common stock, which has generally traded at a higher price-earnings ratio than stocks of most or all of our peer companies, reflects high market expectations for our future operating results. The
trading market for our common stock has been volatile at times as well. As a result, if we fail to meet market expectations for our operating results in the future, any resulting decline in the price of our common stock could be significant.

Our anti-takeover provisions may delay or prevent a change in control of us, which could adversely affect the price of
our common stock. 

Certain provisions in our corporate documents and Delaware law may delay or prevent a change in
control of us, which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain some provisions that may make the acquisition of control of us without the
approval of our board of directors more difficult, including provisions relating to the nomination, election and removal of directors, the structure of the board of directors and limitations on actions by our shareholders. In addition, Delaware law
also imposes some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock. Any of these provisions may discourage a potential acquirer from proposing or completing a
transaction that may have otherwise presented a premium to our shareholders.