Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This report includes statements of our expectations, intentions, plans and beliefs that constitute “forward-looking statements”
within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are intended to come within the safe harbor protection provided by those sections. These statements, which involve
risks and uncertainties, relate to the discussion of our business strategies and our expectations concerning future operations, margins, profitability, liquidity and capital resources and to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts
of future results and estimates of amounts not yet determinable. Forward-looking statements include our projections of the number of restaurants we expect to open in 2011, our estimates of the amount of certain expected expenses and potential
changes in our comparable restaurant sales during 2011, statements of our intention to open restaurants in one or more specified locations, and statements regarding the potential impact of ongoing economic uncertainty on our business. We have used
words such as “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect,” “intend,” “plan,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “think,” “estimate,” “seek,”
“expect,” “predict,” “could,” “project,” “potential” and other similar terms and phrases, including references to assumptions, in this report to identify forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements are made based on expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting us and are subject to uncertainties, risks and factors relating to our operations and business environments, all of which are difficult to
predict and many of which are beyond our control, that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Such risks and other factors include those listed in this
Item 1A. “Risk Factors,” and elsewhere in this report. 

When considering these forward-looking statements, you
should keep in mind the cautionary statements in this report and the documents incorporated by reference. New risks and uncertainties arise from time to time, and 

9 

Table of Contents

we cannot predict those events or how they may affect us. We assume no obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report as a result of new information, future
events or developments, except as required by applicable laws and regulations. 

Increasing our sales and profitability
depends substantially on our ability to open new restaurants, which is subject to many unpredictable factors. 

There
were 1,084 Chipotle restaurants as of December 31, 2010. We plan to increase the number of our restaurants significantly in the next three years, and plan to open between 135 and 145 new restaurants in 2011, weighted towards the fourth quarter
of the year. However, we have in the past experienced delays in opening some restaurants and that could happen again as a result of any of the following factors: 

•

 our potential inability to locate and secure new restaurant sites in locations that we believe to be attractive; 

•

 delay or cancellation of new site development by developers and landlords, which may become more common during 2011 in the event of a resurgence in
economic uncertainty and tight credit markets; 

•

 difficulty managing construction and development costs of new restaurants at affordable levels, particularly in competitive markets;

•

 obstacles to hiring and training qualified operating personnel in the local market; 

•

 any shortages of construction materials and labor; 

•

 difficulty negotiating leases with acceptable terms; 

•

 lack of availability of, or inability to obtain, adequate supplies of ingredients that meet our quality standards; 

•

 failures or delays in securing required governmental approvals (including construction, parking and other permits); and 

•

 the impact of inclement weather, natural disasters and other calamities. 

One of our biggest challenges is locating and securing an adequate supply of suitable new restaurant sites. Competition for those sites in
our target markets can be intense, and development and leasing costs are increasing, particularly for urban locations. These factors may be exacerbated by any ongoing sluggishness in commercial real estate or credit markets, as developers may
continue to delay or be unable to finance new projects. Delays or failures in opening new restaurants due to any of the reasons set forth above could materially and adversely affect our growth strategy and our expected results. Moreover, as we open
and operate more restaurants our rate of expansion relative to the size of our restaurant base will decline, which may in turn slow our sales and profitability growth. 

Our progress in opening new restaurants from quarter to quarter may also occur at an uneven rate, which may result in quarterly sales and profit growth falling short of market expectations in some
periods. Similarly, our growth strategy and the substantial investment associated with the development of each new restaurant (as well as the impact of our new restaurants on the sales of our existing restaurants) may cause our operating results to
fluctuate and be unpredictable or adversely affect our profits. We expect that our new restaurant openings in 2011 will be weighted more heavily to the fourth quarter of the year, with openings in the first quarter being approximately half of our
new restaurant openings during the first quarter of 2010. The weighting of openings to the fourth quarter of 2011 may adversely affect our revenue growth during the first three quarters of the year and our profitability in the fourth quarter.

10 

Table of Contents

Our sales and profit growth could be adversely affected if comparable restaurant sales
increases are less than we expect, and we may not successfully increase comparable restaurant sales. 

While future
sales growth will depend substantially on our opening new restaurants, changes in comparable restaurant sales (which represent the change in period-over-period sales for restaurants beginning in their 13th full month of operations) will also affect
our sales growth and will continue to be a critical factor affecting profit growth. This is because the profit margin on comparable restaurant sales is generally higher, as comparable restaurant sales increases enable fixed costs to be spread over a
higher sales base. Conversely, declines in comparable restaurant sales can have a significant adverse effect on profitability due to the loss of the higher profit margins associated with comparable restaurant sales. We expect comparable restaurant
sales increases in 2011 to be in the low single digits due to difficult comparisons with 2010 and ongoing consumer uncertainty. 

Our ability to increase comparable restaurant sales depends on many factors, including: 

•

 changes in consumer preferences and discretionary spending, including weaker consumer spending in difficult economic times, such as those that
persisted throughout 2009 and into 2010; 

•

 consumer understanding and acceptance of the Chipotle experience; 

•

 our ability to increase menu prices without adversely impacting transaction counts to such a degree that the impact from lower transactions equals or
exceeds the benefit of the menu price increase; 

•

 competition, either from our competitors in the restaurant industry, or from our own restaurants as some customers who frequent one of our restaurants
may begin to visit one of our new restaurants instead; 

•

 other impacts of changes in general economic conditions, which can affect local labor costs and prices we pay for the ingredients and other supplies we
use; 

•

 executing our strategies effectively, including our development strategy, our marketing and branding strategies, our initiatives to increase the speed
at which our crew serves each customer, and expanded use of fax service lines and online ordering, each of which we may not be able to accomplish; 

•

 initial sales performance of new restaurants, which is subject to the risks described below under “Our new restaurants, once opened, may not be
profitable, and may adversely impact the sales of our existing restaurants”; 

•

 weather, road construction and other factors limiting access to new restaurants; and 

•

 changes in government regulation. 

A number of these factors are beyond our control. As a result of these factors it is possible that we will not achieve our targeted comparable restaurant sales or that the change in comparable restaurant
sales could be negative. If this were to happen, sales and profit growth would be adversely affected and our stock price would be likely to decline. 

Our new restaurants, once opened, may not be profitable, and may adversely impact the sales of our existing restaurants. 

Historically, many of our new restaurants have opened with an initial ramp-up period typically lasting 24 months or more, during
which they generated sales and income below the levels at which we expect them to normalize. This is in part due to the time it takes to build a customer base in a new area, higher fixed costs relating to increased labor and other start-up
inefficiencies that are typical of new restaurants, and a larger proportion of our recent openings being in higher rent sites than we have historically targeted. If we are unable to build the customer base that we expect for new restaurant locations
or overcome the higher fixed costs associated with new restaurant locations, new restaurants may not have similar results as our existing restaurants and may not be profitable. We also have lowered the average development cost of our new restaurants
significantly in 

11 

Table of Contents

recent years, from $916,000 in 2008 to $795,000 in 2010, and expect development costs in 2011 to be similar to 2010. In the event we are not able to achieve the average development costs we
expect for 2011 or sustain the benefits achieved in prior years, which could result from inflation, project mismanagement or other reasons, our new restaurant locations could also result in decreased profitability. 

In addition, we have now opened restaurants in nearly all major metropolitan areas across the U.S. New restaurants opened in existing
markets may adversely impact sales in previously-opened restaurants in the same market as customers who frequent our established restaurants begin to visit a newly-opened restaurant instead. This impact could worsen as we open additional
restaurants, and could make it more difficult for us to increase comparable restaurant sales and profitability. Existing restaurants could also make it more difficult to build the customer base for newly-opened restaurants in the same market.

Changes in food and supply costs could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our profitability depends in part on our ability to anticipate and react to changes in food and supply costs. Like all restaurant
companies, we are susceptible to increases in food costs as a result of factors beyond our control, such as general economic conditions, seasonal fluctuations, weather conditions, global demand, food safety concerns, generalized infectious diseases,
fluctuations of the U.S. dollar, product recalls and government regulations. The cost of many basic foods for humans and animals, including corn, wheat, rice and soy oil, has increased markedly in some years, resulting in upward pricing pressures on
almost all of our raw ingredients including chicken, beef, tortillas and rice, increasing our food costs. Although the food price environment was generally favorable for us during 2010, food prices began to escalate at the end of the year and we
expect that there will be additional and potentially worsening pricing pressures on some of our key ingredients, including beef, dairy, avocados and chicken, during 2011. We could also be adversely impacted by price increases specific to
naturally-raised meats or other food items we buy as part of our Food With Integrity focus, the markets for which are generally smaller and more concentrated than the markets for commodity food products. Weather related issues, such as recent
freezes in Mexico and Florida, may also lead to temporary spikes in the prices of some ingredients such as tomatoes. Any increase in the prices of the ingredients most critical to our menu, such as beef, chicken, cheese, avocados, beans, rice,
tomatoes and pork, would adversely affect our operating results. Alternatively, in the event of cost increases with respect to one or more of our raw ingredients, we may choose to temporarily suspend serving menu items, such as one or more of our
salsas, rather than paying the increased cost for the ingredients. Any such changes to our available menu may negatively impact our restaurant traffic and comparable restaurant sales. 

Our business could be adversely affected by increased labor costs or difficulties in finding the right employees for our
restaurants. 

Labor is a primary component of our operating costs, and we believe good managers and crew are a key part
of our success. We devote significant resources to recruiting and training our restaurant managers and crew. Increased labor costs due to factors like competition, increased minimum wage requirements, employee benefits and any changes in our
restaurant staffing structure would adversely impact our operating costs. Our success also depends in part on the energy and skills of our employees and our ability to hire, motivate and keep qualified employees, especially restaurant managers and
crew members. Our failure to find and keep enough employees who are a good fit with our culture could delay planned restaurant openings, result in higher employee turnover or require us to change our culture, any of which could have a material
adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Restaurant operators have traditionally experienced relatively high employee turnover rates. Any increase in our turnover rates for managers or crew could be costly. 

Various states in which we operate are considering or have already adopted new immigration laws, and the U.S. Congress and Department of
Homeland Security from time to time consider or implement changes to Federal immigration laws, regulations or enforcement programs as well. Some of these changes may increase our obligations for compliance and oversight, which could subject us to
additional costs and make our hiring process more cumbersome, or reduce the availability of potential employees. Although we require all workers to provide 

12 

Table of Contents

us with government-specified documentation evidencing their employment eligibility, some of our employees may, without our knowledge, be unauthorized workers. Unauthorized workers are subject to
deportation and may subject us to fines or penalties, and if any of our workers are found to be unauthorized we could experience adverse publicity that negatively impacts our brand and may make it more difficult to hire and keep qualified employees.
For example, following an audit by the Department of Homeland Security of the work authorization documents of our restaurant employees in Minnesota during 2010, we were required to terminate approximately 450 employees, resulting in a temporary
increase in labor costs as we train new employees, as well as some degree of negative publicity. We are currently undergoing a similar audit in Virginia and the District of Columbia. Termination of a significant number of employees in those or other
markets or across our company may disrupt our operations, cause temporary increases in our labor costs as we train new employees and result in additional adverse publicity. Our financial performance could be materially harmed as a result of any of
these factors. 

Because we do not franchise, risks associated with hiring and maintaining a large workforce, including
increases in wage rates or the cost of employee benefits, compliance with laws and regulations related to the hiring, payment and termination of employees, and employee-related litigation, may be more pronounced for us than for restaurant companies
that shift some or all of these risks to franchisees. 

Instances of food-borne or localized illnesses could cause the
temporary closure of some restaurants or result in negative publicity, thereby resulting in a decline in our sales, and could adversely affect the price and availability of the meat, produce or dairy we use to prepare our food. 

Instances of food-borne illnesses, real or perceived, whether at our restaurants or those of our competitors, could result in negative
publicity about us or the restaurant industry, which could adversely affect sales. For instance, on a small number of occasions a Chipotle restaurant has been associated with customer illness, and on those occasions our sales have been adversely
impacted, at times even in markets beyond those impacted by the illness. If our customers become ill from food-borne or localized illnesses, we could be forced to temporarily close some restaurants. A decrease in customer traffic as a result of
these health concerns or negative publicity, or as a result of a change in our menu or dining experience or a temporary closure of any of our restaurants, would adversely impact our restaurant sales and profitability. 

In addition, reports linking a nationwide outbreak of salmonella during the summer of 2008 to a variety of fresh produce items caused us
to temporarily suspend serving some produce items in our foods or to otherwise alter our menu. Similarly, past outbreaks of E. coli relating to certain food items caused consumers to avoid certain products and restaurant chains, Asian and European
countries have experienced outbreaks of avian flu, and incidents of “mad cow” disease have occurred in Canadian and U.S. cattle herds. These problems, other food-borne illnesses (such as hepatitis A or norovirus) and injuries caused by
food tampering have had in the past, and could have in the future, an adverse affect on the price and availability of affected ingredients. If we react to these problems by changing our menu or other key aspects of the Chipotle experience, we may
lose customers who do not accept those changes, and may not be able to attract enough new customers to generate sufficient revenue to make our restaurants profitable. Customers may also shift away from us if we choose to pass along to consumers any
higher ingredient costs resulting from supply problems associated with outbreaks of food-borne illnesses, which would also have a negative impact on our sales and profitability. 

Our expansion into new markets may present increased risks due to our unfamiliarity with those areas. 

Some of our new restaurants are located in or planned for markets where we have little or no operating experience. For instance, we opened
a restaurant in London in 2010, our first restaurant outside of North America, and plan to open a restaurant in Paris during the second half of 2011 as well. New markets, particularly outside the United States, may have different competitive
conditions, consumer tastes and discretionary spending patterns than our existing markets. As a result, new restaurants in those markets may be less successful than restaurants in our existing markets. Consumers in a new market may not be familiar
with the Chipotle brand, and we may need to build brand awareness in that market through greater investments in advertising and promotional 

13 

Table of Contents

activity than we originally planned. We may find it more difficult in new markets to hire, motivate and keep qualified employees who can project our vision, passion and culture. Restaurants
opened in new markets, particularly outside the United States, may also have lower average restaurant sales than restaurants opened in existing markets, and may have higher construction, occupancy or operating costs than restaurants in existing
markets. We may also have difficulty finding reliable suppliers or distributors or ones that can provide us, either initially or over time, with adequate supplies of ingredients meeting our quality standards. Sales at restaurants opened in new
markets may take longer to ramp up and reach expected sales and profit levels, and may never do so, thereby affecting our overall profitability. Some or all of these factors may be more pronounced in markets outside the United States due to
cultural, regulatory or economic differences with which we are not familiar, which may have a particularly adverse impact on our sales or profitability in those markets and could thereby adversely impact our overall results. Our overall results may
also be affected by currency risk on the transactions in other currencies and translation adjustments resulting from the conversion of our international financial results into the U.S. dollar. 

We may not persuade customers of the benefits of paying our prices for higher-quality food. 

Our success depends in large part on our ability to persuade customers that food made with higher-quality ingredients is worth the prices
they will pay at our restaurants relative to prices offered by some of our competitors, particularly those in the quick-service segment. We may not successfully educate customers about the quality of our food, and customers may not care even if they
do understand our approach. That could require us to change our pricing, advertising or promotional strategies, which could materially and adversely affect our results or the brand identity that we have tried to create. Consumers may also be more
price-sensitive during difficult economic times, and we experienced some decrease in traffic during late 2008 and throughout 2009 that we attribute in part to menu price increases. Recent reports have indicated continued consumer uncertainty that
may continue during 2011, so our ability to increase sales may be significantly hampered for the foreseeable future. If we do elect to increase menu prices, it may adversely impact our customer traffic. 

Governmental regulation may adversely affect our existing and future operations and results, including by harming our ability to
open new restaurants. 

We are subject to various federal, state and local regulations. For example, we are subject to
the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act, or ADA, and similar state laws that give civil rights protections to individuals with disabilities in the context of employment, public accommodations and other areas. We may in the future have to modify
restaurants, for example by adding access ramps or redesigning certain architectural fixtures, to provide service to or make reasonable accommodations for disabled persons under these laws. The expenses associated with these modifications, or any
damages, legal fees and costs associated with litigating or resolving claims under the ADA or similar state laws, could be material. During 2010 an appeals court in California found that the design we formerly used for our serving line had violated
the ADA, and although we are pursuing an appeal of that ruling, in the event we are not successful in an appeal losses in that case or related class actions may exceed our accruals and could have a material impact on us. 

We are also subject to various federal and state laws governing our relationship with and other matters pertaining to our employees,
including wage and hour laws, requirements to provide meal and rest periods or other benefits, family leave mandates, requirements regarding working conditions and accommodations to certain employees, citizenship or work authorization and related
requirements, insurance and workers’ compensation rules and anti-discrimination laws. Complying with these rules subjects us to substantial expense and can be cumbersome, and can also expose us to liabilities from claims for non-compliance. For
example, a lawsuit has been filed against us in California alleging violations of state laws regarding employee record-keeping, meal and rest breaks, payment of overtime and related practices with respect to our employees. We could suffer losses in
this case or similar cases, and any such losses could be significant. In addition, several states in which we operate and the federal government have from time to time enacted minimum wage increases, and these increases could increase our labor
costs. We also are audited from time to time for compliance with citizenship or work authorization requirements as well, and recent audit activity in this area is described in more detail above under

14 

Table of Contents

“Our business could be adversely affected by increased labor costs or difficulties in finding the right employees for our restaurants.” Unauthorized workers are subject to
deportation and may subject us to fines or penalties, and if any of our workers are found to be unauthorized our business may be disrupted as we try to replace lost workers with additional qualified employees. We could also experience adverse
publicity arising from immigration-related enforcement activity that negatively impacts our brand and may make it more difficult to hire and keep qualified employees. 

From time to time we are the target of litigation in connection with various of the laws and regulations that cover our business. The majority of this litigation occurs in California even though currently
only about 15% of our restaurants are located there. As we continue to expand in California, or if we are not able to effectively manage the increased litigation risks and expenses we have experienced in California, our business may be adversely
impacted to a greater extent than if we did not operate in, or minimized our operations in, California. 

A comprehensive U.S.
health care reform law was enacted in 2010. We are evaluating the impact the new law will have on our employees. Although we cannot predict with certainty the financial and operational impacts the new law will have on us, we expect that our expenses
will significantly increase over the long term as a result of the law, particularly in 2014 under the current version of the law, and any such increases could be large enough to materially impact our results of operations. 

In recent years, there has been an increased legislative, regulatory and consumer focus at the federal, state and municipal levels on the
food industry including nutrition and advertising practices. Restaurants operating in the quick-service and fast-casual segments have been a particular focus. For example, the State of California, New York City and a growing number of other
jurisdictions around the U.S. have adopted regulations requiring that chain restaurants include calorie information on their menu boards or make other nutritional information available. The U.S. health care reform law included nation-wide menu
labeling and nutrition disclosure requirements as well, and our restaurants are covered by these national requirements. Initiatives in the area of nutrition disclosure or advertising, such as requirements to provide information about the nutritional
content of our food, may increase our expenses or slow customers as they move through the line, decreasing our throughput. These initiatives may also change customer buying habits in a way that adversely impacts our sales. 

Each of our restaurants is also subject to state and local licensing and regulation by health, alcoholic beverage, sanitation, food and
workplace safety and other agencies. We may experience material difficulties or failures in obtaining the necessary licenses or approvals for new restaurants, which could delay planned restaurant openings. In addition, stringent and varied
requirements of local regulators with respect to zoning, land use and environmental factors could delay or prevent development of new restaurants in particular locations. 

We are subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations concerning the discharge, storage, handling, release and disposal of hazardous or toxic substances, as well as local
ordinances restricting the types of packaging we can use in our restaurants. We have not conducted a comprehensive environmental review of our properties or operations. We have, however, conducted investigations of some of our properties and
identified contamination caused by third-party operations. We believe any such contamination has been or should be addressed by the third party. If the relevant third party does not address or has not addressed the identified contamination properly
or completely, then under certain environmental laws, we could be held liable as an owner or operator to address any remaining contamination, sometimes without regard to whether we knew of, or were responsible for, the release or presence of
hazardous or toxic substances. Any such liability could be material. Further, we may not have identified all of the potential environmental liabilities at our properties, and any such liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our
operations or results of operations. We also cannot predict what environmental laws will be enacted in the future, how existing or future environmental laws will be administered or interpreted, or the amount of future expenditures that we may need
to make to comply with, or to satisfy claims relating to, environmental laws. 

Because we do not franchise, the costs of
compliance and other risks associated with government regulation of our business, as described above, may be more pronounced for us than for restaurant companies that shift some or all of these risks to franchisees. 

15 

Table of Contents

Competition could adversely affect us. 

The fast-casual, quick-service and casual dining segments of the restaurant industry are highly competitive with respect to, among other
things, taste, price, food quality and presentation, service, location and the ambience and condition of each restaurant. Our competition includes a variety of restaurants in each of these segments, including locally owned restaurants and national
and regional chains. Our competitors offer dine-in, carry-out and delivery services. Many of our competitors have existed longer than we have and may have a more established market presence with substantially greater financial, marketing, personnel
and other resources than we have. Among our main competitors are a number of multi-unit, multi-market Mexican food or burrito restaurant concepts, some of which are expanding nationally. In addition, our strategy includes opening additional
restaurants in existing markets, and as we do so sales may decline in our previously-opened restaurants as customers who frequent our established restaurants begin to visit a newly-opened restaurant instead. 

Several of our competitors compete by offering menu items that are specifically identified as low in carbohydrates, better for customers
or otherwise targeted at particular consumer preferences. Many of our competitors in the fast-casual and quick-service segments of the restaurant industry also emphasize lower-cost, “value meal” menu options, a strategy we do not currently
pursue. Our sales may be adversely affected by these products and price competition. 

Moreover, new companies may enter our
markets and target our customers. For example, additional competitive pressures have come more recently from the deli sections and in-store cafés of several major grocery store chains, including those targeted at customers who want
higher-quality food, as well as from convenience stores and casual dining outlets. These competitors may have, among other things, lower operating costs, better locations, better facilities, better management, more effective marketing and more
efficient operations than we have. 

Any of these competitive factors may adversely affect us and reduce our sales and profits.

Our Food With Integrity philosophy subjects us to risks. 

Our approach to competing in the restaurant industry depends in large part on our continued ability to adhere to the principle of Food
With Integrity. We use a substantial amount of naturally raised and sustainably grown ingredients, and try to make our food as fresh as we can, in light of pricing considerations. We do, however, face challenges associated with pursuing Food With
Integrity. It can take longer to identify and secure relationships with suppliers meeting our criteria, and there are higher costs and other risks associated with purchasing naturally raised or sustainably grown ingredients. The growth process for
naturally raised meat and sustainably grown vegetables is longer. Herd losses can also be greater when animals are not treated with antibiotics and hormones. Given the costs associated with natural and sustainable farming practices, and recently due
to decreased demand as a result of the weak economic environment, many large suppliers have not found it economical to pursue business in this area. We expect shortages of naturally-raised chicken for at least the first half of 2011 due to a
supplier suspending production. Furthermore, as we increase our use of these ingredients, the ability of our suppliers to expand output or otherwise increase their supplies to meet our needs may be constrained. Moreover, we are broadening our
commitment to serving local produce and produce purchased from farmers markets when seasonally available. These initiatives may make it more difficult to keep quality consistent and present additional risk of food-borne illnesses given the greater
number of suppliers involved in such a system and the difficulty imposing our quality assurance programs on all such suppliers. Quality variations and food-borne illness concerns could adversely impact public perceptions of Food With Integrity or
our brand generally. If as a result of any of these factors we are unable to obtain a sufficient and consistent supply of these ingredients on a cost-effective basis, or at all, our food costs could increase, adversely impacting our operating
margins. These factors could also cause us difficulties in aligning our brand with Food With Integrity, which could make us less popular among our customers and cause sales to decline. Our commitment to Food With Integrity may also leave us open to
actions against us or criticism from special interest groups whose ideas regarding food issues differ from ours or who believe we should pursue different or additional goals with our Food With Integrity approach. Any adverse publicity that results
from such criticism could damage our brand and adversely impact customer traffic at our restaurants. 

16 

Table of Contents

Failure to receive frequent deliveries of higher-quality food ingredients and other
supplies could harm our operations. 

Our ability to maintain our menu depends in part on our ability to acquire
ingredients that meet our specifications from reliable suppliers. Shortages or interruptions in the supply of ingredients caused by unanticipated demand, problems in production or distribution, food contamination, inclement weather, a supplier
ceasing operations or other conditions could adversely affect the availability, quality and cost of our ingredients, which could harm our operations. We have almost no long-term contracts with suppliers, and we have relied largely on the same third
party distribution network as McDonald’s Corporation. If any of our distributors or suppliers performs inadequately, or our distribution or supply relationships are disrupted for any reason, our business, financial condition, results of
operations or cash flows could be adversely affected. We currently depend on a limited number of suppliers for some of our key ingredients, including beef, pork, chicken, beans, rice, sour cream and tortillas. Due to the unique nature of the
products we receive from our Food With Integrity suppliers and as described in more detail above, these suppliers could be more difficult to replace if we were no longer able to rely on them. If we have to seek new suppliers and service providers we
may be subject to pricing or other terms less favorable than those we currently enjoy. If we cannot replace or engage distributors or suppliers who meet our specifications in a short period of time, that could increase our expenses and cause
shortages of food and other items at our restaurants, which could cause a restaurant to remove items from its menu. If that were to happen and customers change their dining habits as a result, affected restaurants could experience significant
reductions in sales during the shortage or thereafter. Our focus on a limited menu would make the consequences of a shortage of a key ingredient more severe. 

Changes in customer tastes and preferences, spending patterns and demographic trends could cause sales to decline. 

Changes in customer preferences, general economic conditions, discretionary spending priorities, demographic trends, traffic patterns and the type, number and location of competing restaurants affect the
restaurant industry. Our sales could be impacted by changes in consumer preferences in response to dietary concerns, including preferences regarding items such as calories, sodium, carbohydrates or fat. These changes could result in consumers
avoiding our menu items in favor of other foods. Our success also depends to a significant extent on consumer confidence, which is influenced by general economic conditions and discretionary income levels. Negative consumer sentiment in the wake of
the economic downturn has been widely reported over the past two years and according to some forecasts will continue during 2011. Our sales may decline during this or future economic downturns, which can be caused by various factors such as high
gasoline prices, high unemployment, declining home prices or tight credit markets. Any material decline in consumer confidence or a decline in family “food away from home” spending could cause our sales, operating results, profits,
business or financial condition to decline. If we fail to adapt to changes in customer preferences and trends, we may lose customers and our sales may deteriorate. 

Our failure to manage our growth effectively could harm our business and operating results. 

Our plans call for a significant number of new restaurants. Our existing restaurant management systems, financial and management controls and information systems may be inadequate to support our
expansion. Managing our growth effectively will require us to continue to enhance these systems, procedures and controls and to hire, train and retain restaurant managers and crew. We also are continuing to revise our field management structure, in
an effort to develop additional top-performing restaurant managers more quickly. We may not respond quickly enough to the changing demands that our expansion will impose on management, crew and existing infrastructure, and changes to our operating
structure may result in increased costs or inefficiencies that we cannot currently anticipate. Changes as we grow may have a negative impact on the operation of our restaurants, and cost increases resulting from our inability to effectively manage
our growth could adversely impact our profitability. We also place a lot of importance on our culture, which we believe has been an important contributor to our success. As we grow, we may have difficulty maintaining our culture or adapting it
sufficiently to meet the needs of our operations. Our failure to foster and maintain our corporate culture could also harm our business and operating results. 

17 

Table of Contents

Our insurance coverage and self-insurance reserves may not cover future claims.

We maintain various insurance policies for employee health, worker’s compensation, general liability and property
damage. We are self-insured for our health plans, and have purchased a fully-insured stop loss policy to help offset our liability for both individual and aggregate claim costs. We are also responsible for losses up to a certain limit for
worker’s compensation, general liability and property damage insurance. 

For policies under which we are responsible for
losses, we record a liability that represents our estimated cost of claims incurred and unpaid as of the balance sheet date. Our estimated liability is not discounted and is based on a number of assumptions and factors, including historical trends,
actuarial assumptions and economic conditions, and is closely monitored and adjusted when warranted by changing circumstances. Our history of claims experience is short and our significant growth rate could affect the accuracy of estimates based on
historical experience. Should a greater amount of claims occur compared to what was estimated or medical costs increase beyond what was expected, our accrued liabilities might not be sufficient and we may be required to record additional expense.
Unanticipated changes may also produce materially different amounts of expense than that reported under these programs, which could adversely impact our results of operations. 

Our success may be dependent on the continued service and availability of key personnel. 

Our Chairman and co-Chief Executive Officer, Steve Ells, founded our company, has been the principal architect of our business strategy, and has led our growth from a single restaurant in 1993 to over
1,000 restaurants today. Monty Moran, our co-Chief Executive Officer, and Jack Hartung, our Chief Financial Officer, have also served with us for several years and much of our growth has occurred under their direction as well. We believe our
executive officers have created an employee culture, food culture and business strategy at our company that has been critical to our success and that may be difficult to replicate under another management team. We also believe that it may be
difficult to locate and retain executive officers who are able to grasp and implement our unique strategic vision. If our company culture were to deteriorate following a change in leadership or a new management team were to change or be unsuccessful
in implementing our strategy, our growth prospects or future operating results may be adversely impacted. 

Our new
marketing and branding strategies may not be successful, which could adversely impact our business. 

Over the past two
years we have been refocusing our marketing and branding strategy. As part of this initiative we developed and introduced new logos, a new advertising approach, new restaurant design and other branding elements. We also plan to introduce a unique
loyalty program during 2011, and are planning a number of media-related events to further promote our brand. We do not have any assurance that our latest marketing strategies will be successful. If new advertising, modified branding and other
marketing programs do not drive increased restaurant sales, the expense associated with these programs will adversely impact our financial results, and we may not generate the levels of comparable restaurant sales we expect. In addition, one of our
marketing initiatives during 2011 is the participation by Steve Ells, our founder, Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer, as a judge on the NBC reality television program “America’s Next Great Restaurant.” We do not control the
timing or content of or the portrayal of our brand on the program. As a result, we may not realize the marketing value we hope to achieve from it, and our brand may be portrayed in a negative light, adversely impacting us. 

We may incur costs resulting from security risks we face in connection with our electronic processing and transmission of
confidential customer information. 

We accept electronic payment cards for payment in our restaurants. During 2010
approximately 57% of our sales were attributable to credit and debit card transactions, and credit and debit card usage could continue to increase. A number of retailers, including us, have experienced actual or potential security breaches in which
credit and debit card information may have been stolen. In August 2004, the merchant bank that processed our credit and debit card transactions informed us that we may have been the victim of a possible theft of card data. As a result, we
recorded losses and related expenses totaling $4.3 million from 2004 through 2006. 

18 

Table of Contents

We may in the future become subject to additional claims for purportedly fraudulent
transactions arising out of the actual or alleged theft of credit or debit card information, and we may also be subject to lawsuits or other proceedings in the future relating to these types of incidents. Proceedings related to theft of credit or
debit card information may be brought by payment card providers, banks and credit unions that issue cards, cardholders (either individually or as part of a class action lawsuit) and federal and state regulators. Any such proceedings could distract
our management from running our business and cause us to incur significant unplanned losses and expenses. Consumer perception of our brand could also be negatively affected by these events, which could further adversely affect our results and
prospects. 

The impact on us of continuing economic uncertainty may be exacerbated if our suppliers, landlords and other
counterparties are not able to continue to do business with us or are forced to alter the terms on which they do business with us. 

Some of our suppliers and other vendors have been or will be adversely impacted by tightening of the credit markets, decreased economic activity, fluctuations in commodity prices and other consequences of
ongoing economic difficulties. Some vendors have sought to change the terms on which they do business with us in order to lessen the impact of the economic environment on their business. If we are forced to find alternative vendors for key services,
whether due to demands from the vendor or the vendor’s bankruptcy or ceasing operations, that could be a distraction to us and adversely impact our business. 

For example, we are aware that the economic environment has forced some food suppliers to seek financing in order to stabilize their businesses, and some suppliers have ceased operations completely.
Additional suppliers may encounter difficulties in sustaining their business, and if any of our major suppliers or a large number of other suppliers suspend or cease operations, we may not be able to further our Food With Integrity initiative and
may have difficulty keeping our restaurants fully supplied with the high quality ingredients we require. If we were forced to suspend serving one or more of our menu items, that could have a significant adverse impact on our restaurant traffic and
public perceptions of us, which would be harmful to our business. 

Similarly, our restaurant expansion strategy relies in part
on the development of new retail centers and similar projects. Many developers rely on the availability of financing to complete these types of projects, and due to current conditions in the credit and commercial real estate markets financing may
not be available on attractive terms or at all. Developers may also delay or cancel projects in light of uncertainty in the commercial real estate market or economic conditions generally. If developers do not proceed with projects in which we plan
to locate restaurants, our expansion plans may be hampered, which would adversely impact our growth and could impair our future profitability. 

We may not be able to adequately protect our intellectual property, which could harm the value of our brands and adversely affect our business. 

Our ability to successfully implement our business plan depends in part on our ability to further build brand recognition using our
trademarks, service marks, trade dress and other proprietary intellectual property, including our name and logos and the unique ambience of our restaurants. If our efforts to protect our intellectual property are inadequate, or if any third party
misappropriates or infringes on our intellectual property, either in print or on the internet, the value of our brands may be harmed, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and might prevent our brands from achieving or
maintaining market acceptance. We are aware of restaurants in foreign jurisdictions using menu items, logos and other branding that we believe are based on our intellectual property, and our ability to halt these restaurants from using these
elements may be limited in jurisdictions in which we are not operating. This could have an adverse impact on our ability to successfully expand into other jurisdictions in the future. We may also encounter claims from prior users of similar
intellectual property in areas where we operate or intend to conduct operations. This could harm our image, brand or competitive position and cause us to incur significant penalties and costs. 

19 

Table of Contents

Our quarterly operating results may fluctuate significantly and could fall below the
expectations of securities analysts and investors due to various factors. 

Our quarterly operating results may
fluctuate significantly because of various factors, including: 

•

 changes in comparable restaurant sales and customer visits, including as a result of declining consumer confidence or the introduction of new menu
items; 

•

 the timing of new restaurant openings and related revenues and expenses; 

•

 operating costs at newly opened restaurants, which are often materially greater during the first several months of operation;

•

 labor availability and wages of restaurant management and crew, as well as temporary fluctuations in labor costs as a result of large-scale changes in
workforce; 

•

 profitability of our restaurants, especially in new markets; 

•

 fluctuations in supply costs, particularly for our most significant food items; 

•

 our ability to raise menu prices without adversely impacting customer traffic; 

•

 the impact of inclement weather, natural disasters and other calamities, such as recent freezes in Mexico and Florida that have impacted tomato,
tomatillo and pepper crops; 

•

 variations in general economic conditions, including the impact of declining interest rates on our interest income; 

•

 negative publicity about the ingredients we use or the occurrence of food-borne illnesses or other problems at our restaurants;

•

 changes in consumer preferences and discretionary spending; 

•

 increases in infrastructure costs; 

•

 tax expenses, impairment charges and other non-operating costs; and 

•

 potential distraction or unusual expenses associated with our expansion into international markets or initiatives to explore new concepts.

Seasonal factors also cause our operating results to fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Our restaurant sales
are typically lower during the winter months and the holiday season and during periods of inclement weather (because fewer people are eating out) and higher during the spring, summer and fall months (for the opposite reason). Our revenue will also
vary as a result of the number of trading days, that is, the number of days in a quarter when a restaurant is open. 

As a
result of these factors, results for any one quarter are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected for any other quarter or for any year. Average restaurant sales or comparable restaurant sales in any particular future period may
decrease. In the future, operating results may fall below the expectations of securities analysts and investors, which could cause our stock price to fall. We believe the market price of our common stock reflects high market expectations for our
future operating results, and as a result, if we fail to meet market expectations for our operating results in the future, any resulting decline in the price of our common stock could be significant. 

Restrictions and indemnities in connection with the tax treatment of the exchange offer through which we separated from
McDonald’s could adversely affect us. 

We understand that the exchange offer McDonald’s completed in October
2006 to dispose of its interest in us was generally tax-free to McDonald’s and its shareholders. In order to protect the tax-free status of the exchange offer, in the separation agreement we entered into with McDonald’s in connection with
the separation we agreed among other things to indemnify McDonald’s for taxes and related losses it incurs as a result of the 

20 

Table of Contents

exchange failing to qualify as a tax-free transaction in certain situations, if the taxes and related losses are attributable to (i) certain direct or indirect acquisitions of our stock or
assets (regardless of whether we consent to such acquisitions); (ii) negotiations, understandings, agreements or arrangements in respect of such acquisitions; or (iii) any amendment to our certificate of incorporation that affects the
relative voting rights of any separate classes of our common stock. In December 2009, following completion of an extensive due diligence process, we completed a share conversion eliminating the existence of our class B common stock, and with it the
superior voting rights of the class B common stock. In the event the share conversion is deemed to result in the McDonald’s exchange offer failing to qualify as a tax-free transaction, we may have an indemnification obligation under the
provision described above. We currently estimate that the indemnification obligation to McDonald’s could exceed $450 million, and this estimate does not take into account related losses and depends upon several factors that are beyond our
control. As a consequence, the indemnity to McDonald’s could vary substantially from the estimate and may be much greater. 

Our anti-takeover provisions may delay or prevent a change in control of us, which could adversely affect the price of our common
stock. 

Certain provisions in our corporate documents and Delaware law may delay or prevent a change in control of us,
which could adversely affect the price of our common stock. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws contain some provisions that may make the acquisition of control of us without the approval of our
board of directors more difficult, including provisions relating to the nomination, election and removal of directors, the structure of the board of directors and limitations on actions by our shareholders. In addition, Delaware law also imposes
some restrictions on mergers and other business combinations between us and any holder of 15% or more of our outstanding common stock. Any of these provisions, as well as the provisions of our separation agreement with McDonald’s described
above under “Restrictions and indemnities in connection with the tax treatment of the exchange offer through which we separated from McDonald’s could adversely affect us,” may discourage a potential acquirer from proposing or
completing a transaction that may have otherwise presented a premium to our shareholders.