described in Part I of this report under the caption "RISK FACTORS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS." 

        In
addition, such statements could be affected by general industry and market conditions and growth rates, general domestic and international economic conditions, including the price of
crude oil (diesel fuel), interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations and other future factors. 

3

PART I 

Item 1.    Business 

OVERVIEW 

        We are a global power leader that designs, manufactures, distributes and services diesel and natural gas engines, electric power generation systems and
engine-related component products, including filtration and exhaust aftertreatment, fuel systems, controls and air handling systems. We were founded in 1919 as one of the first manufacturers of diesel
engines and are headquartered in Columbus, Indiana. We sell our products to Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEMs), distributors and other customers worldwide. We have long-standing
relationships with many of the leading manufacturers in the markets we serve, including Chrysler LLC, Daimler AG, Volvo AB, PACCAR Inc., International Truck and Engine Corporation
(Navistar International Corporation), CNH Global N.V., Komatsu, Scania AB, Ford Motor Company and Volkswagen. We serve our customers through a network of more than 500 company-owned and
independent distributor locations and approximately 5,200 dealer locations in more than 190 countries and territories. 

        Our
financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets we serve, particularly the on-highway, construction and general industrial markets.
Demand in these markets tends to fluctuate in response to overall economic conditions and is particularly sensitive to changes in interest rate levels. Our sales may also be impacted by OEM inventory
levels and production schedules and stoppages. Economic downturns in markets we serve generally result in reductions in sales and pricing of our products. As a worldwide business, our operations are
also affected by political, economic and regulatory matters, including environmental and emissions
standards, in the countries we serve. However, our geographic diversity and broad product and service offerings have helped limit the impact of any one industry and the economy of any single country
upon our consolidated results. This was effectively demonstrated throughout 2007 as we continued to experience strong sales and earnings despite a decline of approximately 50 percent in the
North American heavy-duty truck engine market due to new emissions regulations. More than half of our 2007 sales came from countries other than the United States. The diversity of our
business portfolio has contributed to significant organic growth over the past several years. 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION 

        We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"). You may read and
copy any document we file with the SEC at the SEC's public reference room at 450 Fifth Street, NW, Washington, DC 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for
information on the public reference room. The SEC maintains an internet site that contains annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements and other information that issuers
(including Cummins) file electronically with the SEC. The SEC's internet site is www.sec.gov. 

        Our
internet site is www.cummins.com. You can access Cummins Investors and Media webpage through our internet site, by clicking on the heading "Investors and Media." Cummins makes
available free of charge, on or through our Investors and Media webpage, its proxy statements, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q,
current reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), as soon as
reasonably practicable after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. We also make available, through our Investors and Media webpage, under the heading of "SEC filings"
within the "Financial Information" heading, statements of beneficial ownership of Cummins equity securities filed by its directors, officers, 10 percent or greater shareholders and others under
Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

        We
also have a Corporate Governance webpage. You can access Cummins Corporate Governance webpage through our internet site, www.cummins.com, by clicking on the heading "Investors and 

4

Media"
and then the topic heading of "Governance Documents" within the "Corporate Governance" heading. Cummins posts the following on its Corporate Governance webpage: 

•

ISS
Corporate Governance Rating,

•

Code
of Conduct,

•

Corporate
Governance Principles,

•

By-laws
of Cummins Inc.,

•

Audit
Committee Charter,

•

Governance
and Nominating Committee Charter,

•

Compensation
Committee Charter, and

•

Supplier
Code of Conduct. 

        Cummins
Code of Conduct applies to all of our employees, regardless of their position or the country in which they work. It also applies to the employees of any entity owned or
controlled by Cummins Inc. We will post any amendments to the Code of Conduct and any waivers that are required to be disclosed by the rules of either the SEC or the New York Stock
Exchange, Inc. ("NYSE"), on our internet site. The information on Cummins internet site is not incorporated by reference into this report. 

        You
may request a copy of these documents at no cost by contacting Cummins Inc. Investor Relations at 500 Jackson Street, Mail Code 60115, Columbus, IN 47201
(812-377-3121) or by sending an email request to: investor_relations@cummins.com. 

        In
accordance with NYSE Rules, on May 15, 2007, we filed the annual certification by our CEO that, as of the date of the certification, he was unaware of any violation by the
company of the NYSE's corporate governance listing standards. 

COMPETITIVE STRENGTHS 

        We believe the following competitive strengths are instrumental to our success: 

•

Leading Brands.

  Our product portfolio includes products and services marketed and
branded under various trademarks, trade names and trade dress configurations throughout the world, including each of the following brands, which holds a leading position in its respective market:

•

Cummins®
engines, electric power generation systems, components and parts;

•

Onan®
and Cummins®-Onan® generator sets;

•

Alternator
products sold under the Stamford®, AvK® and Markon® brands;

•

Fleetguard®
filtration systems and components;

•

Cummins®
intake and exhaust systems and components;

•

Kuss™
automotive in-tank fuel filtration;

•

Holset®
turbochargers;

•

Cummins®
Fuel Systems™ offerings and components; and

•

Cummins®
Emission Solutions™ aftertreatment solutions and offerings. 

        Our
continual investment in and attention to furthering brand equity in our offerings and across our business units includes leveraging and creating brand identity, brand value and brand
presence for our offerings in our markets of interest. During 2006, we successfully rebranded our major operating business units to reflect the Cummins name and brand in furtherance of our overall
branding strategy. 

5

In
part, as a result of this investment and by seeking to aggregate brand strength in complementary markets, we also gain recognition in and across our markets for our offerings, continually seek new
and innovative means to further develop and expand market share through our brand equity position and strengthen customer relationships. 

        While
our portfolio of branded products and offerings contains a number of market leaders, we operate in a highly competitive sector and our branded offerings compete with the brands
offered by other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar offerings. 

•

Customers and Partners.

  To maintain technology leadership and a global presence in a
cost-effective manner, we have established strategic alliances with a number of our leading customers. These partnerships provide us with a knowledge and understanding of our customers'
technology and business needs and enable us to develop products and services which better meet their requirements at lower costs. For example, we have both customer and supplier arrangements with
Komatsu, Ltd., including manufacturing joint ventures and a product development joint venture through which we have partnered in the development of several engines. We are also the exclusive
supplier of engines for Komatsu mining equipment. In addition, we have been the exclusive diesel engine supplier to Chrysler for its Dodge Ram truck since 1988. We have long-term
agreements with Volvo and International Truck and Engine Corporation for the supply of heavy-duty truck engines and PACCAR for the supply of both heavy-duty and
medium-duty engines. These agreements afford us long-term price stability and eliminate certain dealer and end-user discounts as well as offer closer integration on
product development. We have partnered with Scania to produce the next generation XPI high pressure fuel systems for heavy-duty on-highway trucks, which will help us meet the
2010 heavy duty emissions regulations. We also have multiple international joint ventures which manufacture heavy-duty and midrange engines, including partnerships with Tata
Motors, Ltd., which is the leading truck manufacturer in India, and Dongfeng Automotive Corporation, an engine supplier to the largest medium-duty truck manufacturer in China.

•

Global Presence.

  We have a strong global presence including a worldwide distribution
system, manufacturing and engineering facilities around the world and a network of global supply sources. Our worldwide presence has enabled us to take advantage of growth opportunities in
international markets, with sales outside the U.S. growing from 43 percent of total consolidated net sales in 2000 to 54 percent of total consolidated net sales in 2007. For over
70 years, we have developed a distribution and service network that includes more than 500 company-owned and independent distributor locations and 5,200 independent dealers located throughout
190 countries and territories. We also have manufacturing operations and product engineering centers around the world, with facilities in the United Kingdom (U.K.), Brazil, Mexico, Canada, France,
Australia, China, India, South Africa, Japan and Singapore. In addition, we have developed a global network of high-quality, low-cost supply sources to support our
manufacturing base.

•

Leading Technology.

  We have an established reputation for delivering
high-quality, technologically advanced products. We continuously work with our customers to develop new products to improve the performance of their vehicles, equipment or systems at
competitive cost levels. We are a leader in developing technologies to reduce diesel engine emissions, a key concern of our customers and regulators around the world. We were able to meet the EPA's
2007 heavy-duty on-highway emissions standards that went into effect on January 1, 2007 and we announced in January 2007 that our Dodge Ram 6.7-liter Turbo
Diesel engine meets the EPA's 2010 emissions standards a full three years ahead of the requirements. We have also developed low-emission, high-performance natural gas engines
as an alternative-fuel option for the on-highway, industrial and power generation markets. Our technology leadership in filtration, exhaust aftertreatment, air handling and
fuel systems allows us to develop integrated product solutions for the on-highway, off-highway and power generation markets, allowing our customers 

6

to
use a single high-performance, low-cost system as opposed to multiple components from different suppliers. 

BUSINESS STRATEGY 

        The five key principles upon which we drive our business strategies are as follows: 

•

Being a Low Cost Producer in as Many of our Markets as Possible.

  In many of our markets,
product or system cost is a critical performance parameter for our customers. To achieve cost leadership, we will continue to leverage our innovative technology, economies of scale, global presence
and customer partnerships. We have focused on reducing costs and lowering our breakeven point to maintain a competitive advantage and to deliver quality products to our customers. The following key
initiatives are integral to this strategy:

•

Six Sigma.

  Since the program's inception in 2000, we have applied Six Sigma to
manufacturing processes and in the initial design of new products, and also expanded the program to include processes with customers, suppliers and distributors. Six Sigma yields significant cost
savings and improved quality as well as strengthening our relationships with these important stakeholders and contributing to the development of long-term relationships.

•

Global Sourcing.

  Our cost reduction efforts in supply chain management include global
procurement from lower cost countries such as China, India and Brazil, where we manufacture engines, generators and components for the local market, and have developed excellent local suppliers. Our
efforts have resulted in significantly reducing the cost of purchased materials and services during the last six years.

•

Technical Productivity.

  Cummins operates 17 technical centers around the world. We have
managed our research and development costs through a number of initiatives including a) using analysis-led design to eliminate capital-intensive prototypes through virtual computer
modeling; b) performing significant analysis work at our technical center in India; c) applying engineering standards globally; and d) negotiating cost-sharing
arrangements with OEM customers and joint venture partnerships. These initiatives have helped us to continue to be a technology leader, while maintaining our research and engineering expense at
approximately 3 percent of consolidated net sales for 2007.

•

Expanding into Related Markets.

  We will continue to focus growth initiatives in related
businesses where we can use our existing investments in products or technology, leading brand names or market presence to establish a competitive advantage. We focus particularly on ventures that
complement our existing businesses by being less capital-intensive and less cyclical or counter-cyclical to our core businesses. For example, we will produce light-duty diesel engines in
an existing Cummins facility that will introduce us to a new consumer customer base. Furthermore, we will target related markets that offer higher rates of growth, attractive returns and more stable
cash flows through product and end market diversity. Specific growth opportunities are outlined below.

•

Our
Engine segment strategy includes the development of light-duty diesel engines for the SUV/light duty pick-up truck and industrial markets both in
the U.S. and in China. In addition, our strategy includes the development of high horsepower engines for the growing oil and gas and marine markets.

•

Our
Power Generation strategy is focused on attaining leadership positions in all major commercial generator set markets globally, including growth in market share in
European, Middle Eastern and African markets and penetration gains in power electronics and controls, such as automatic transfer switches and switchgear. The business is also pursuing growth
opportunities in adjacent markets for consumer 

7

generator
sets, including towable trailers, portable generator sets, auxiliary power units and residential generator sets. 

•

Our
Components segment will leverage our filtration, exhaust, fuel systems, turbocharger and engine technologies to provide integrated solutions for its customers that meet
increasingly stringent emissions requirements.

•

Our
Distribution segment is growing through the expansion of the aftermarket parts and service business by capitalizing on its global customer base and fast growth markets
in China, India and Russia as well as the Middle East. Our strategy also includes increasing our ownership interest in key portions of the distribution channel.

•

Creating Greater Shareholder Value.

  We use return on equity as a measure of our
consolidated financial performance. We report the performance of our operating segments based on segment EBIT which is our primary measure of financial performance. Segment EBIT is earnings before
interest expense, taxes and minority interests.

•

Leveraging Complementary Businesses.

  Strong synergies and relationships exist between
our operating segments in the following areas:

•

Shared Technology.

  In addition to common platforms of base product technology, our
operating segments have technical capabilities which can be applied commercially to provide integrated solutions for our customers. The operating segments also realize synergies in the development and
application of broader technology tools (such as information technology).

•

Common Channels and Distribution.

  All operating segments utilize a common distribution
channel, which provides access to a full range of our products and also provides economies of scale.

•

Shared Customers and Partners.

  There is substantial commonality in customers and
partners between operating segments, which allows us to build strong customer relationships and provides opportunity for expanded product offerings.

•

Corporate Brand and Image.

  All operating segments benefit from the established and
respected corporate brand.

•

Creating the Right Environment for Success.

  We believe that creating the right
environment for success means creating an inclusive learning environment, while reinforcing a performance ethic that attracts, develops and retains high-quality talent. We measure our
success through skill and competency assessment, leadership development outcomes and participation in tailored individual development and training programs. 

OUR OPERATING SEGMENTS 

        We operate four complementary operating segments that share technology, customers, strategic partners, brands and our distribution network to gain a competitive
advantage in their respective markets. With our size and global presence, we provide world-class products, service and support to our customers in a cost-effective manner. In each of our
operating segments, we compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. Our products primarily compete on the basis of price,
performance, fuel economy, speed of delivery, quality and customer support. 

Engine Segment 

        Our Engine segment manufactures and markets a broad range of diesel and natural gas-powered engines under the Cummins brand name for the heavy- and
medium-duty truck, bus, recreational vehicle (RV), light-duty automotive, agricultural, construction, mining, marine, oil and gas, rail and 

8

governmental
equipment markets. We offer a wide variety of engine products with displacement from 1.4 to 91 liters and horsepower ranging from 31 to 3,500. In addition, we provide a full range of new
parts and service, as well as remanufactured parts and engines, through our extensive distribution network. The Engine segment is our largest operating segment, accounting for approximately
52 percent of total sales before intersegment eliminations in 2007. 

        The
principal customers of our heavy- and medium-duty truck engines include truck manufacturers, such as PACCAR, International Truck and Engine Corporation (Navistar
International Corporation), Daimler Trucks North America and Volvo Trucks North America. CNH Komatsu, Hitachi, Ingersoll Rand, Brunswick and Terex represent manufacturers of construction, agricultural
and marine equipment to whom we sell our industrial engines. The principal customers of our light-duty on-highway engines are Chrysler and manufacturers of RVs. 

        In
the markets served by our Engine segment, we compete with independent engine manufacturers as well as OEMs who manufacture engines for their own products. Our primary
competitors in North America are Caterpillar, Inc., Detroit Diesel Corporation, Volvo Powertrain and International Truck and Engine Corporation (Engine Division). Our primary competitors in
international markets vary from country to country, with local manufacturers generally predominant in each geographic market. Other engine manufacturers in international markets include Mercedes Benz,
Volvo, Renault Vehicules Industriels, Scania, Weichai Power Co. Ltd. and Nissan Diesel Motor Co., Ltd. 

        Our
Engine segment organizes its engine, parts and service businesses around the following end-user markets: 

Heavy-Duty Truck 

        We manufacture a complete line of diesel engines that range from 310 horsepower to 600 horsepower serving the worldwide heavy-duty truck market. We
offer the ISM and ISX engines and in Australia, the Signature 620 series engines, which we believe comprise the most capable engine line in our industry. Most major heavy-duty truck
manufacturers in North America offer our diesel engines as standard or optional power. In 2007, we held a 38 percent share of the Group II engine market for NAFTA Class 8
heavy-duty trucks. We are also the market leader in
Mexico and South Africa. Our largest customer for heavy-duty truck engines in 2007 was PACCAR with sales representing almost 5 percent of consolidated net sales. 

        We
have long-term supply agreements with three key customers to improve the ease of doing business and increase market share. We have a long-term agreement with
Volvo Trucks North America, Inc. under which we act as its sole external engine supplier. We also have long-term supply agreements with PACCAR and International Truck and Engine
Corporation (Navistar International Corporation) covering our heavy-duty engine product line. These supply agreements provide long-term, stable pricing for engines and
eliminate certain dealer and end-user discounts, in order to provide our customers with full responsibility for total vehicle cost and pricing. In addition, these agreements enable Cummins
to work more closely with them in joint engineering efforts earlier, delivering seamlessly integrated, dependable vehicles to the market. The joint sales and service efforts also provide better
customer support at reduced cost to the partners. 

Medium-Duty Truck and Bus 

        We manufacture a product line of medium-duty diesel engines ranging from 200 horsepower to 400 horsepower serving medium-duty and
inter-city delivery truck customers worldwide. We believe that our ISB, ISC and ISL series diesel engines comprise the most advanced and capable product line in the industry. We sell our
ISB and ISC series engines and engine components to medium-duty truck manufacturers in North America, Asia, Europe and South America. For the year ended 2007 our market share for diesel
powered medium-duty trucks in the North American Class 7 medium-duty truck market had grown to above 37 percent. We are the exclusive medium-duty
engine provider for PACCAR world wide and Ford in Brazil. We are the largest manufacturer of natural gas and hybrid 

9

bus
engines in the U.S. as well as a significant global provider of natural gas engines. Daimler Trucks North America (formerly Freightliner LLC), PACCAR, Ford and Volkswagen AG are our major
customers in this worldwide market. 

        We
also offer our ISB, ISC and ISL diesel engines and their alternative fueled counterparts, for school buses, transit buses and shuttle buses worldwide. Key markets include North
America, Latin America, Europe and Asia. The demand for alternative-fuel products continues to grow both domestically and internationally. Cummins Westport Inc. (CWI), a joint
venture formed in 2001 with Westport Innovations, Inc., markets low-emission, propane and natural gas engines in bus markets worldwide. Significant fleets are located in cities
ranging from Los Angeles, Boston, Salt Lake City, Vancouver, Canada and Beijing, China. We are the largest provider of diesel engines for hybrid bus applications in the United States. 

Light-Duty Automotive and RV 

        We are the exclusive provider of diesel engines used by Chrysler in its Dodge Ram trucks. Our relationship with Chrysler extends nearly 20 years and in
2007 we shipped over 142,000 engines for use in Dodge Ram trucks. The 6.7-liter Dodge Ram Turbo Diesel engine offers best in class 650 lb-ft of torque and 350 horsepower
and this popular engine continues to result in strong sales volumes with the availability of our engine in the 2007 Dodge Ram Chassis Cab model and the Sterling Bullet. 

        We
are the leading manufacturer of diesel engines for use in the Class A motorhome market, with a market share above 70 percent of the diesel engines in retail
Class A motorhome sales. The diesel segment of the Class A motorhome market has grown to approximately 50 percent in 2007, indicating a growing preference for diesel power for
this application. 

Industrial 

        Our mid-range, heavy-duty and high-horsepower engines power a wide variety of equipment in the construction, agricultural,
mining, rail, government, oil and gas, power generation, commercial and recreational marine applications throughout the world. The engine range extends from the A-series to the QSK78
allowing Cummins to penetrate the light utility market with smaller engines up to the largest mining machines with the QSK60 and QSK78. Our major construction OEM customers are in North America,
Europe, South Korea, Japan and China. These OEMs manufacture approximately one million pieces of equipment per year for a diverse set of applications and use engines from our complete product
range. Agricultural OEM customers are primarily in North America, South America and Europe, serving end-use markets that span the globe. Our engines are sold to both recreational and
commercial boat builders, primarily in North America, Europe and Asia. In the recreational marine markets, our joint venture, Cummins MerCruiser Diesel Marine, is the market share leader in the North
American and South Pacific recreational boat segments for power ranges in which we participate. We offer a full product line of high-horsepower engines for mining applications that compete
in all segments from small underground mining equipment to 400-ton haul trucks. We occupy a strong number two position in the mining market, where we offer the broadest engine
line-up in the industry. In this market, we continue to be the exclusive or preferred supplier of engines to large construction and mining equipment OEM's such as Komatsu, Hitachi and
Belaz. Our sales to the rail market are primarily to railcar builders in Europe and Asia and we are a leader in the worldwide railcar market. With our QSK60 and QSK78 engines, we expect to move into a
larger proportion of the locomotive and railcar markets outside North America and commercial marine markets worldwide. Government sales represent a small portion of the high-horsepower
market and are primarily to defense contractors in North America and Europe. Our full line of diesel and natural gas engines, power generation products and global distribution and customer support
capabilities have enabled us to achieve significant growth and penetration with oil and gas customers in North America and moderate growth internationally. 

10

Power Generation Segment 

        The Power Generation segment represented 19 percent of our total sales before intersegment eliminations in 2007. This operating segment is one of the most
integrated providers of power solutions in the world, designing or manufacturing most of the components that make up power generation systems, including engines, controls, alternators, transfer
switches and switchgear. This operating segment is a global provider of power generation systems, components and services for a diversified customer base to meet the needs for standby power,
distributed generation power, as well as auxiliary power needs in specialty mobile applications. Standby power solutions are provided to customers who rely on uninterrupted sources of power to meet
the needs of their customers. Distributed generation power solutions are provided to customers with less reliable electrical power infrastructures, typically in developing countries. In addition, it
provides an alternative source of generating capacity, which is purchased by utilities, independent power producers and large power customers for use as prime or peaking power and is located close to
its point of use. Mobile power provides a secondary source of power (other than drive power) for mobile applications. 

        Our
power generation products are marketed principally under the Cummins Onan brand and include diesel and alternative-fuel electrical generator sets for commercial,
institutional and consumer applications, such as office buildings, hospitals, factories, municipalities, utilities, universities, RVs, boats and homes. We are the worldwide leader in auxiliary
generator sets for RVs, commercial vehicles and recreational marine applications. Our rental business provides power equipment on a rental basis for both standby and prime power purposes. Our energy
solutions business provides full-service power solutions for customers including generating equipment, long-term maintenance contracts and turnkey power solutions. 

        Cummins
Generating Technologies (CGT) is a leader in the alternator industry and supplies its products internally as well as to other generator set assemblers. CGT products are sold
under the Stamford, AVK and Markon brands and range in output from 0.6kVA to 30,000 kVA. We also sell reciprocating generator drive engines across a large power range to other generator set
assemblers. 

        This
operating segment continuously explores emerging technologies, such as microturbines and fuel cells and provides integrated power generation products utilizing technologies other
than reciprocating engines. We use our own research and development capabilities as well as leverage business partnerships to develop cost-effective and environmentally sound power
solutions. 

        Our
customer base for power generation products is highly diversified, with customer groups varying based on their power needs. The U.K., Europe, India and the Middle East are four of
our largest geographic markets outside of North America. 

        This
operating segment competes with a variety of engine manufacturers and generator set assemblers across the world. Caterpillar remains our primary competitor as a result of its
acquisition of MAK Americas Inc., Perkins Engines Inc. and FG Wilson Inc. Volvo and DaimlerAG, through its acquisition of Detroit Diesel Corporation, are other major engine
manufacturers with a presence in the high-speed generation segment of the market. We also compete with Kohler, Generac and other regional generator set assemblers. CGT competes globally
with Emerson Electric Co., Marathon Electric and Meccalte, among others. 

Components Segment 

        Our Components segment produces filters, fuel systems, aftertreatment systems, intake and exhaust systems and is the largest worldwide supplier of turbochargers
for commercial applications. Components manufactures filtration and exhaust systems for on-and off-highway heavy-duty equipment and is a supplier of filtration
products for industrial and passenger car applications. In addition, we develop aftertreatment and exhaust systems to help our customers meet increasingly stringent emissions standards and fuel
systems which to date have primarily supplied our Engine segment. In 2007, our 

11

Components
segment accounted for approximately 19 percent of our total sales before intersegment eliminations. 

        Our
filtration business is the world's leading supplier of filtration, exhaust, coolant and chemical products offering over 27,000 products including air, coolant, fuel and hydraulic
filters, antifreeze and coolant additives, catalysts, particulate filters, controllers and other filtration systems to OEMs, dealer/distributors and end-user markets. Our products are
produced and sold in global markets, including North America, South America, Europe, Asia, Africa and Australia. Filtration also makes products for the automotive specialty filtration market and the
industrial filtration market through our Kuss subsidiary, located in Findlay, Ohio. 

        Our
turbo technologies business designs, manufactures and markets turbochargers for commercial and light-duty diesel applications with manufacturing facilities in five
countries and sales and distribution worldwide. Cummins Turbo Technologies provides critical technologies for engines to meet challenging performance requirements and worldwide emissions standards,
including variable geometry turbochargers and is the market leader in turbochargers for heavy-duty equipment. 

        Our
fuel systems business designs and manufactures new and replacement fuel systems primarily for heavy-duty on-highway diesel engine applications. Our Engine
segment and Scania are the primary customers for the fuel systems business. Scania is our partner in two joint ventures within the fuel systems business. The Cummins Scania HPI joint venture currently
manufactures fuel systems that are used by both companies in current products. In August 2005, the
Cummins-Scania XPI Manufacturing LLP (Cummins-Scania XPI) joint venture was formed to design, develop and manufacture the next generation of fuel systems for use in 2007 and beyond. 

        Our
emissions solutions business designs and manufactures aftertreatment and exhaust systems to help our customers meet increasingly stringent emissions standards. We believe we are the
leading supplier of aftertreatment products for EPA 2007 emissions standards in North America and for Euro IV standards in Europe. During 2007, Cummins Emission Solutions secured an agreement to
supply emission management technology for Tier 4 emissions standards. Emissions solutions is expanding its international manufacturing capabilities with new leases signed in 2007 in Sao Paulo,
Brazil and Beijing, China with production in these facilities intended for use on Cummins engines meeting Euro IV emissions standards beginning in 2009 and 2011, respectively. 

        Customers
of our Components segment generally include truck manufacturers and other OEMs, many of which are also customers of our Engine segment, such as CNH Global N.V.,
International Truck and Engine, Volvo and other manufacturers that use Cummins filtration products in their product platforms. Components products are sold to truck manufacturers and OEMs for
use on both Cummins engines and other proprietary engine lines. Our customer base for replacement filtration parts is highly fragmented and primarily consists of various end-users of
filtration systems. In addition, Components sells products to the Engine and Power Generation segments to complement their products and to the Distribution segment for sale to their customers. 

        Our
Components segment competes with other manufacturers of filtration, exhaust and fuel systems and turbochargers. Our primary competitors in these markets include Donaldson
Company, Inc., Clarcor Inc., Mann+Hummel Group, Tokyo Roki Co., Ltd., Borg-Warner, Bosch, Tenneco and Honeywell International. 

        In
November 2007, we sold certain assets of our Universal Silencer (USI) subsidiary, based in Stoughton, Wisconsin, to Stirling Group, LLC. The sale closed in the fourth quarter
of 2007 for approximately $36 million and resulted in a pre-tax gain of approximately $10 million. USI, which was part of our Components segment, specializes in designing and
manufacturing noise control and air filtration products for industrial equipment. Total assets of USI were approximately $24 million at the date of the transaction and $15 million at
December 31, 2006, which is less than 1.8 percent of our total assets at those dates. Total sales of USI were approximately $54 million and $47 million, for the 

12

ten
months ended October 31, 2007 and for the year ended December 31, 2006, respectively, which is less than 0.5 percent of our total company consolidated net sales for both
periods. 

Distribution Segment 

        In 2007, Distribution segment sales accounted for 10 percent of our total sales before intersegment eliminations. Our Distribution segment consists of 17
company-owned and 15 joint venture distributors that distribute the full range of our products and services to end-users at approximately 300 locations in over 70 countries and
territories. In North America, this network is mostly comprised of partially-owned distributors. Internationally, our network consists of partially-owned and wholly-owned distributors. Through this
network, our trained personnel provide parts and service to our customers, as well as full-service solutions, including maintenance contracts, engineering services and integrated products
where we customize our products to cater to specific end-users. Our company-owned distributors are located in key markets, including India, China, Japan, Australia, Europe, the Middle East
and South Africa. Our distributors also serve and develop dealers, predominantly OEM dealers, in their territories by providing technical support, tools, training, parts and product information. 

        In
addition to managing our investments in wholly-owned and partially-owned distributors, our Distribution segment is responsible for managing the performance and capabilities of our
independent distributors. Our distributors collectively serve a highly diverse customer base with approximately 47 percent of their revenues being from the wholesale of new power equipment
(engines and power generation equipment) and the other portion consisting of parts and service repairs. 

        The
distributors that we own or operate compete with distributors or dealers that offer similar products. In many cases, these competing distributors or dealers are owned by, or
affiliated with, the companies that are listed above as competitors of the Engine, Power Generation or Components segments. These competitors vary by geographical location. 

        In
January 2007, an economic transaction with an equity owner in one of our North American joint ventures resulted in a deconsolidation of this joint venture in 2007 under the Financial
Accounting Standards Board (FASB) Interpretation No. 46R, "Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities," (FIN 46R). In addition, and in line with our North American strategy, we formed a
joint venture with a previously independent distributorship. We also formed joint ventures in Nigeria and Thailand. The results of these three joint ventures are accounted for under the equity method
and are not consolidated. 

SEGMENT FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

        Financial information about our operating segments is incorporated by reference from Note 21 to the 
Consolidated Financial
Statements.

SUPPLY 

        We have developed and maintain a world-class supply base in terms of technology, quality and cost. We source our materials and manufactured components from
leading suppliers both domestically and internationally. We machine and assemble some of the components used in our engines and power generation units, including blocks, heads, rods, turbochargers,
camshafts, crankshafts, filters, exhaust systems, alternators and fuel systems. We also have arrangements with certain suppliers who are the sole source for specific products or supply items. Between
70 and 80 percent of our total raw material and component purchases in 2007 were purchased from suppliers who are the sole source of supply for a particular supply item. Although we elect to
source a relatively high proportion of our total raw materials and component requirements from sole suppliers, we established a process to annually review our sourcing strategies with a focus on the
reduction of risk, which has led us to dual source critical components. We are also developing suppliers in many global or low-cost locations to serve our businesses across the globe and
provide alternative sources in the event of disruption from existing suppliers. Our supply agreements typically include standard terms relating to cost (cost reduction 

13

targets
and total cost of ownership), quality (quality targets and recovery of cost of poor quality) and delivery (on-time delivery targets and lead times). Our supply agreements also
typically include customary intellectual property provisions that contain prohibitions on the use of our intellectual property by the suppliers for any purpose other than their performance of the
supply agreements and indemnity covenants from suppliers for breach by them of intellectual property rights of third parties in performance of the agreements. The duration of our more important supply
agreements varies but typically ranges between three and five years. Many of our supply agreements include early termination provisions related to failure to meet quality and delivery requirements. In
2007, all of our significant long term suppliers signed our Supplier Code of Conduct. 

PATENTS AND TRADEMARKS 

        We own or control a significant number of patents and trademarks relating to the products we manufacture. These have been granted and registered over a period of
years. Although these patents and trademarks are generally considered beneficial to our operations, we do not believe any patent, group of patents, or trademark (other than our leading brand house
trademarks) is considered significant in relation to our business. 

SEASONALITY 

        While individual product lines may experience modest seasonal declines in production, there is no material effect on the demand for the majority of our products
on a quarterly basis. However, our Power Generation segment normally experiences seasonal declines in the first quarter of the fiscal year
due to general declines in construction spending and our Distribution segment normally experiences seasonal declines in first quarter business activity due to holiday periods in Asia and Australia. 

LARGEST CUSTOMER 

        We have thousands of customers around the world and have developed long-standing business relationships with many of them. Chrysler is our largest
customer, accounting for approximately 8 percent of our consolidated net sales in 2007, primarily relating to sales of our ISB engine for use in Dodge Ram trucks. While a significant number of
our sales to Chrysler are under long-term supply agreements, these agreements provide for the supply of Chrysler's engine requirements for particular vehicle models and not a specific
volume of engines. The loss of this customer or a significant decline in the production level of Chrysler vehicles that use our engines would have an adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. We have been an engine supplier to Chrysler for nearly 20 years. A summary of principal customers for each operating segment is included in our segment
discussion. 

        In
addition to our agreements with Chrysler, we have long-term heavy-duty engine supply agreements with PACCAR, Volvo Trucks North America and International Truck
and Engine Corporation. We also have mid-range supply agreements with PACCAR, as their exclusive engine supplier, Daimler Trucks North America and Ford. Collectively, our net sales to
these five customers was less than 21 percent of consolidated net sales in 2007 and individually, was less than 7 percent of consolidated net sales for each customer. As with Chrysler,
these agreements contain standard purchase and sale agreement terms covering engine and engine parts pricing, quality and delivery commitments, as well as engineering product support obligations. The
basic nature of our agreements with OEM customers is that they are long-term price and operations agreements that assure the availability of our products to each customer through the
duration of the respective agreements. Agreements with OEMs contain bilateral termination provisions giving either party the right to terminate in the event of a material breach, change of
control or insolvency or bankruptcy of the other party. 

14

BACKLOG 

        Demand in many of our markets has grown rapidly in the last three years resulting in longer lead times in some of our businesses. However, while we have supply
agreements with some truck and off-highway equipment OEMs, most of our business is transacted through open purchase orders. These open orders are historically subject to
month-to-month releases and are subject to cancellation on reasonable notice without cancellation charges and therefore are not considered firm. We are in the process of
expanding our capacity at several of our manufacturing plants which will help reduce capacity constraints. 

DISTRIBUTION 

        For over 70 years, we have been developing a distribution and service network that includes more than 500 company-owned and independent distributor
locations and 5,200 independent dealers in approximately 190 countries and territories. In North America, this network is comprised of independent and partially-owned distributors. Internationally,
our network consists of independent, partially-owned and wholly-owned distributors. Most distributors sell the full range of our products, as well as complementary products and services. Our
Distribution segment operates within this network with 17 company-owned and 15 joint venture distributors in approximately 300 locations in over 70 countries and territories. 

        Our
licensing agreements with independent and partially-owned distributors generally have a three-year term and are restricted to specified territories. Our distributors
develop and maintain a network of dealers with which we have no direct relationship. The distributors are permitted to sell other, noncompetitive products only with our consent. We license all of our
distributors to use our name and logo in connection with the sale and service of our products, with no right to assign or sublicense the marks, except to authorized dealers, without our consent.
Products are sold to the distributors at standard domestic or international distributor net prices, as applicable. Net prices are wholesale prices we establish to permit our distributors an adequate
margin on their sales. Subject to local laws, we can refuse to renew these agreements at will and we may terminate them upon 90-day notice for inadequate sales, change in principal
ownership and certain other reasons. Distributors also have the right to terminate the agreements upon 60-day notice without cause, or 30-day notice for cause. Upon termination
or failure to renew, we are
required to purchase the distributor's current inventory, signage and special tools, and may, at our option purchase other assets of the distributor, but are under no obligation to do so. 

        Our
distribution capability is a key element of our business strategy and competitive position, particularly in our efforts to increase customer access to aftermarket replacement parts
and repair service. There are more than 4,000 locations in North America, primarily owned and operated by OEMs or their dealers, at which Cummins trained service personnel and parts are
available to service, maintain and repair our engines. We also have parts distribution centers located strategically throughout the world in order to serve our customers and distributors. 

        Financial
information about wholly-owned distributors and distributors accounted for under the equity method are incorporated by reference from Notes 1 and 2 to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements

.

RESEARCH AND ENGINEERING 

        Our research and engineering program is focused on product improvements, innovations and cost reductions for our customers. In 2007, our research and engineering
expenditures were $329 million compared to $321 million in 2006. Of this amount, approximately 17 percent, or $55 million, was directly related to compliance with 2010
emissions standards. 

        In
the Engine segment, we continue to invest in system integration and in technologies to meet increasingly more stringent emissions standards. We have focused our engine technology
development 

15

on
four critical subsystems: combustion, air handling, electronic controls and exhaust aftertreatment. We were the first engine manufacturer to announce a low-cost
combustion-only emission solution for Tier III industrial diesel engines that does not require exhaust gas recirculation nor exhaust aftertreatment. We were able to meet the EPA's
2007 heavy-duty on-highway emissions standards that went into effect on January 1, 2007 and we announced in January 2007 that our 6.7-liter Dodge Ram Turbo
Diesel engine meets the EPA's 2010 emissions standards a full three years ahead of the requirements. In addition, we were the first company to demonstrate a prototype vehicle that meets EPA 2007
gasoline-equivalent "Tier II Bin 5" emission levels. 

        In
Power Generation, our product engineering focus is to develop products with the best performance at the lowest cost for our customers. Our power electronics technology development is
aimed at applying digital electronics to eliminate multiple genset controllers and achieve higher levels of system integration and control. We meet the most advanced emission standards around the
world, employing both combustion and exhaust aftertreatment technologies. Looking to future low-emission power generation technologies, we have a Department of Energy funded
program to develop a solid oxide fuel cell system for vehicle auxiliary power generation and for smaller stationary power generation applications. 

        In
Components, we are building on our strengths in emission control technologies and in design integration to develop filters, turbochargers, fuel systems and aftertreatment systems. It
is important to note that we not only develop these critical technologies for our own use, but we insist that they compete in the marketplace to ensure that we retain the competitive technological
edge required for successful commercial products. In Cummins Filtration, we are developing modules that combine multiple filtration functions into a single engine subsystem component. We are
developing new filter media and technologies that support low-emission engines, including closed crankcase ventilation, high efficiency filters for high pressure fuel systems and
centrifugal soot removal. More than 80 percent of our filtration products are sold to customers outside Cummins. In Cummins Emission Solutions, we have developed exhaust aftertreatment systems
for Europe and North America. Our Selective Catalytic Reduction (SCR) NOx aftertreatment system is first in market share in Europe. Our Diesel Particulate Filter is first in market share in North
America. Cummins Turbo Technologies Variable Geometry Turbocharger (VGT), a critical component for advanced emission control, is the top selling Heavy Duty VGT in North America. Cummins Fuel Systems
is introducing our second fuel system with our partner Scania, the XPI high pressure common rail fuel system. 

        In
2003, we established Cummins Research and Technology India Private Ltd. (CRTI). This partially-owned subsidiary provides analytical services such as structural dynamics,
computational fluid dynamics and design to all Cummins entities. CRTI is located in Pune, India. In August 2006, our first technical center in China was opened in Wuhan City. The East Asia Technical
Center, a 55-45 joint venture between Cummins and Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company Limited (DCEC), provides engineering and technical development services for the full range of Cummins
products built in China, including diesel and natural gas engines, power generators, turbochargers and filtration products. A series of projects has already started in the technical center, including
the development of a new 13-liter engine platform for the heavy-duty truck market served by DCEC. 

JOINT VENTURES AND ALLIANCES 

        We have entered into a number of joint venture agreements and alliances with business partners and affiliates in various areas of the world to increase our market
penetration, expand our product lines, streamline our supply chain management and develop new technologies with the primary joint ventures being the following: 

•

Cummins India Ltd.

  We are the majority owner of Cummins India Ltd. (CIL),
which is a publicly listed company on various exchanges in India. This business entity developed from a partnership established in 1962 with the Kirloskar family. CIL produces midrange,
heavy-duty and high-horsepower engines, as well as generators for the Indian and export markets. CIL also 

16

produces
compressed natural gas spark-ignited engines licensed from the CWI joint venture. We consolidate the results of CIL. in our 
Consolidated Financial
Statements

. 

•

Consolidated Diesel Company.

  Consolidated Diesel Company (CDC), located in the U.S., is
a joint venture with CNH Global N.V. that began with Case Corporation in 1980. This partnership produces Cummins B Series, C Series and ISL Series engines and engine products for
on-highway and industrial markets in North America and Europe. Effective March 28, 2004, we adopted the provisions of FIN 46R for this entity and its results are now
consolidated in our 
Consolidated Financial Statements

 (see Note 3 to the 
Consolidated Financial
Statements

).

•

Cummins/Komatsu Arrangements.

  We have formed a broad relationship with
Komatsu Ltd., including four joint ventures and numerous exclusive supply arrangements. Two joint ventures were formed in 1992, one to manufacture Cummins B Series engines in Japan, the other
to build high-horsepower Komatsu-designed engines in the U.S. In 1997, we established a third joint venture in Japan to design the next generation of industrial engines. Our fourth joint
venture is a distributor joint venture in Chile. Effective March 28, 2004, we adopted the provisions of FIN 46R for one of our joint ventures, Cummins Komatsu Engine Corporation (CKEC),
and its results are now consolidated in our 
Consolidated Financial Statements

 (see Note 3 to the 
Consolidated Financial
Statements

).

•

Cummins/Dongfeng Joint Ventures.

  In 1985, we licensed Dongfeng Motor Company (Dongfeng),
the largest medium-duty truck manufacturer in China, to manufacture Cummins B Series engines. In 1993, Dongfeng established a subsidiary, Dongfeng Automotive Corporation (DFAC), which
became the licensee. In 1995, we partnered with DFAC and formed a joint venture, DCEC, for the production of our C Series engines. In 1998, we established a wholly-owned subsidiary, Cummins (Xiangfan)
Machining Company Ltd. (CXMC), in an adjacent facility to DCEC to manufacture B Series cylinder blocks and cylinder heads. In April 2003, the assets of DFAC's B Series manufacturing entity and
the assets of CXMC were invested into the existing joint venture, DCEC. The expanded joint venture, with annual capacity of approximately 180,000 units, produces Cummins B, C and L Series
four-to nine-liter mechanical engines and began producing full-electronic diesel engines with a power range from 100 to 370 horsepower in 2006. In 2004, Cummins
invested a B Series connecting rod machining line into CXMC to supply DCEC. We also have a joint venture with Dongfeng that manufactures filtration systems, Shanghai Fleetguard
Filter Co., Ltd. and in 2005 expanded the relationship to include exhaust systems. In August 2006, our first technical center in China was opened in Wuhan City. The East Asia Technical
Center, a 55-45 consolidated joint venture between Cummins and DCEC, provides engineering and technical development services for the full range of Cummins products built in China,
including diesel and natural gas engines, power generators, turbochargers and filtration products. A series of
projects has already started in the technical center, including the development of a new 13-liter engine platform for the heavy-duty truck market served by DCEC. In late 2005,
the CWI joint venture engaged DCEC to produce the CWI natural gas engines in China.

•

Tata Group Joint Ventures.

  In 1992, we formed a joint venture with Tata
Motors Ltd., the largest automotive company in India and a member of the Tata group of companies. The joint venture, Tata Cummins Limited, manufactures the Cummins B Series engine in India for
use in trucks manufactured by Tata Motors, as well as for various Cummins industrial and power generation applications. Cummins Turbo Technologies Ltd., one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries,
also formed a joint venture for the manufacture of turbochargers, Tata Holset Ltd. Cummins Turbo Technologies Ltd. purchased the remaining interest of Tata Holset Ltd. in 2007.

•

Chongqing Cummins.

  In 1995, we formed a joint venture with China National
Heavy-Duty Truck Corporation in Chongqing, China. The shares of this venture are now owned jointly by us and the Chongqing Heavy Duty Vehicle Group. The joint venture, Chongqing Cummins
Engine 

17

Company Ltd.
(CCEC), manufactures several models of our heavy-duty and high-horsepower diesel engines in China, serving primarily the industrial and stationary power
markets in China. 

•

The European Engine Alliance (EEA).

  The EEA was established in 1996 as a joint venture
between our Company and two Fiat Group companies, Iveco N.V. (trucks and buses) and CNH Global (agricultural and construction equipment), to develop a new generation of 4, 5 and
6-liter engines based on our 4B and 6B Series engines.

•

Cummins/Scania Joint Ventures.

  In 1999, we formed a joint venture with Scania to produce
fuel systems for heavy-duty diesel engines. We own 70 percent of this joint venture and its results are included in our 
Consolidated Financial
Statements

. In August 2005, we signed a joint venture agreement with Scania to produce the next generation fuel systems for heavy-duty on-highway
trucks. This joint venture, Cummins-Scania XPI, is a 50/50 joint venture that builds upon other Cummins-Scania partnerships. In 2007, XPI began production of fuel systems that support our
C- and L-Series engines.

•

Cummins/Westport Joint Venture.

  In 2001, we formed a joint venture with Westport
Innovations Inc., located in British Columbia, Canada, to develop and market low-emissions, high-performance natural gas engines for
on-highway, industrial and power generation markets. In 2003, the joint venture agreement was modified to focus the joint ventures' efforts on the marketing and sale of automotive
spark-ignited natural gas engines worldwide. The new agreement also provides for joint technology projects between Westport and Cummins on low-emission technologies of mutual interest.

•

Cummins MerCruiser Diesel Marine LLC.

  In 2002, we formed a joint venture with
Mercury Marine, a division of Brunswick Corporation, to develop, manufacture and sell recreational marine diesel products, including engines, sterndrive packages, inboard packages, instrument and
controls, service systems and replacement and service parts and assemblies, complete integration systems and other related products.

•

Shaanxi/Cummins.

  In 2005, we formed the Xian Cummins Engine Company (XCEC) joint venture
with Shaanxi Heavy Vehicle Group Co. and Shaanxi Heavy Duty Truck Co., Ltd. in Xian, China. In 2007 the joint venture began to manufacture the Cummins ISM heavy-duty
diesel engine for use in Shaanxi trucks and for sale to outside customers.

•

ZAO Cummins Kama.

  In January 2006, we signed a joint venture agreement with
KAMAZ Inc., the largest vehicle manufacturer in Russia, to produce B Series engines under the name ZAO Cummins Kama. The joint venture will build on the Cummins and KAMAZ relationship that
dates back to the early 1980s. Among the customers of the new company are KAMAZ trucks and buses, as well as trucks, buses and agricultural equipment produced by other manufacturers in Russia, Belarus
and the Ukraine.

•

Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Company.

  In October 2006, we signed an agreement with Beiqi
Foton Motor Co., Ltd. to form a 50/50 joint venture, Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd. (BFCEC), to produce two families of Cummins light-duty, high
performance diesel engines in Beijing. The engines will be used in light-duty commercial trucks, pickup trucks, multipurpose and sport utility vehicles. Certain types of marine, small
construction equipment and industrial applications will also be served by this engine family. Cummins and Beiqi Foton will initially invest a combined $142 million into BFCEC, which is
scheduled to begin production in 2009. The parties received approval of the joint venture's official business license by the Chinese government in October 2007. 

        In
addition to these primary joint ventures and agreements, we also have equity interests in several of our North American and certain international distributors who distribute the full
range of our products and services to customers and end-users. We have also entered into numerous joint ventures around the world where we provide engine components, such as turbochargers,
alternators and 

18

filtration
products. In Turkey, we have a license agreement with BMC Sanayi that provides for the manufacture and sale of our B and C Series engines. 

        In
the event of a change of control of either party to these joint ventures and other strategic alliances, certain consequences may result including automatic termination and liquidation
of the venture, exercise of "put" or "call" rights of ownership by the non-acquired partner, termination or transfer of technology license rights to the non-acquired partner
and increases in component transfer prices to the acquired partner. We will continue to evaluate joint venture and partnership opportunities in order to penetrate new markets, develop new products and
generate manufacturing and operational efficiencies. 

        Financial
information about our investments in joint ventures and alliances is incorporated by reference from Notes 1, 2 and 3 to the 
Consolidated
Financial Statements.

 Financial information about geographic areas is incorporated by reference from Note 21 to the 
Consolidated Financial
Statements.

EMPLOYEES 

        As of December 31, 2007, we employed approximately 37,800 persons worldwide. 

ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE 

Product Environmental Compliance 

        Our engines are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements that directly or indirectly impose standards governing emissions and noise. Our
products comply with emissions standards that the EPA, the California Air Resources Board (CARB) and other state regulatory agencies, as well as
other regulatory agencies around the world, have established for heavy-duty on-highway diesel and gas engines and off-highway engines produced through 2007. Our
ability to comply with these and future emissions standards is an essential element in maintaining our leadership position in regulated markets. We have made and will continue to make, significant
capital and research expenditures to comply with these standards. Failure to comply with these standards could result in adverse effects on our future financial results. 

EPA Engine Certifications 

        New on-highway emissions standards came into effect in the U.S. on January 1, 2007. In December 2003, we announced that we would meet the 2007
U.S. EPA heavy-duty on-highway emissions standards by combining our existing cooled Exhaust Gas Recirculation (EGR) technology with particulate matter (PM) filters. Cooled EGR
is the same technology that we have used since April 2002 and was selected after reviewing other aftertreatment technologies such as NOx adsorbers and selective catalytic reduction (SCR). Our
experience with particulate filters and the availability of ultra-low-sulfur diesel fuel combine to give us the confidence in meeting these tough standards in the U.S.
Additionally, while we believe the EGR/PM filter combination is the right solution for 2007 in the U.S., we have selected SCR as the right technology to meet on-highway Euro IV emissions
standards and certain off-highway applications. 

        For
2010, the company announced that we will use an evolution of our proven 2007 solution to maintain power and torque with fuel economy and maintenance intervals comparable with today's
engines. Cummins will offer a complete lineup of on-highway engines to meet the near-zero emissions standards. Heavy-duty engines for EPA 2010 will not require NOx
aftertreatment. NOx reduction will be achieved by an integrated technology solution comprised of the XPI High Pressure Common Rail fuel system, next-generation cooled Exhaust Gas
Recirculation, advanced electronic controls, proven air handling and the Cummins Particulate Filter. In addition, we announced that we will expand the Heavy-Duty X platform to three
displacements in 2010, with the introduction of an 11.9L engine and a 16L engine to complement our flagship 15L product. Cummins will enhance its Midrange on-highway product performance
and reliability for EPA 2010 by adding SCR to our existing products to meet the 

19

near-zero
EPA 2010 emissions standards. SCR is the right technology for Cummins medium-duty truck, bus and specialty-vehicle customers who want a simple and proven solution to
meet their diverse power and duty cycle needs. 

        Emissions
standards in international markets, including Europe and Japan, are becoming more stringent. We believe that our experience in meeting U.S. emissions standards leaves us well
positioned to take advantage of opportunities in these markets as the need for emissions control capability grows. 

        In
1998, we and a number of other engine manufacturers entered into a consent decree with the EPA, the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) and CARB. To date, we have performed virtually all
of the requirements of the consent decree and major portions of it have been formally terminated. The remaining requirements of the consent decree are on course to terminate within deadlines. 

        Federal
and California regulations require manufacturers to report failures of emissions-related components to the EPA and CARB when the failure rate reaches a specified level. At higher
failure rates, a product recall may be required. In 2007, we submitted seven reports to the EPA relating to six different defects affecting the EGR valve, diesel particulate filter, turbocharger,
engine control module software for on-board diagnostic software, oxygen sensors and emission control labeling. The defect of on-board diagnostic software and oxygen sensors
resulted in a campaign of approximately 83,000 engines. 

        We
have completed fact-finding on three issues relating to potential noncompliance with various programs relating to certified engines. These issues were
self-disclosed to the EPA and CARB: two involve use of various certification flexibility programs and one pertains to a provision of the consent decree. The resolution of these issues is
not anticipated to be material in 2008. 

Other Environmental Statutes and Regulations 

        During the last five years, expenditures for environmental control activities and environmental remediation projects at our facilities in the U.S. have not been a
substantial portion of annual capital outlays and are not expected to be material in 2008. Except as follows, we believe we are in compliance in all material respects with laws and regulations
applicable to our plants and operations. 

        In
the U.S., pursuant to notices received from federal and state agencies and/or defendant parties in site environmental contribution actions, we have been identified as a Potentially
Responsible Party (PRP) under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended or similar state laws, at approximately 17 waste disposal sites. Based upon
our experiences at similar sites we believe that our aggregate future remediation costs will not be significant. We have established accruals that we believe are adequate for our expected future
liability with respect to these sites. 

        In
addition, we have four other sites where we are working with governmental authorities on remediation projects. The costs for these remediation projects are not expected to be material
in 2008. 

 Relating to Our Business 

        Set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual
business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this Report. In addition, future results could be materially affected by general industry and market conditions,
changes in laws or accounting rules, general U.S. and non-U.S. economic and political conditions, including a global economic slow-down, fluctuation of interest rates or
currency exchange rates, terrorism, political unrest or international conflicts, political instability or major health concerns, natural disasters or other disruptions of expected economic and
business conditions. These risk factors should be considered in addition to our cautionary comments concerning forward-looking statements in this Report, including statements related to markets for
our products and trends in our business that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Our separate section in Item 7 

20

below,
"Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements," should be considered in addition to the following statements. 

Our business is affected by the cyclical nature of the markets we serve. 

        Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets and geographies that we serve. Demand in these markets and geographies
fluctuates in response to overall economic conditions and is particularly sensitive to changes in interest rate levels. Our sales are also impacted by OEM inventory levels and production schedules and
stoppages. Economic downturns in the markets we serve generally result in reductions in sales and pricing of our products, which could reduce future earnings and cash flow. Economic trends can impact
our product lines in different ways. For example, our business with Chrysler pickup trucks is a consumer driven market while other product lines serve customers in markets where availability of credit
could impact the timing of their purchasing decisions. 

Our products are subject to substantial government regulation. 

        Our engines are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing emissions and noise, including standards imposed by the EPA, state regulatory
agencies, such as the CARB and other regulatory agencies around the world. In some cases, we may be required to develop new products to comply with new regulations, particularly those relating to air
emissions. For example, we were required to develop new engines to comply with stringent emissions standards in the United States by January 1, 2007. While we were able to meet this deadline,
our ability to comply with other existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our position in the engine markets we serve. Currently, we believe we are on schedule to
meet all deadlines for known future regulatory standards. 

        We
have made and will be required to continue to make, significant capital and research expenditures to comply with these regulatory standards. Further, the successful development and
introduction of new and enhanced products are subject to risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties. Any
failure to comply with regulatory standards affecting our products could subject us to fines or penalties and could require us to cease production of any non-compliant engine or to recall
any engines produced and sold in violation of the applicable standards. See "Business—Environmental Compliance—Product Environmental Compliance" for a complete discussion of
the environmental laws and regulations that affect our products. 

Our products are subject to recall for performance related issues. 

        We are at risk for product recall costs. Product recall costs are incurred when we decide, either voluntarily or involuntarily, to recall a product through a
formal campaign to solicit the return of specific products due to a known or suspected performance issue. Costs typically include the cost of the product, part or component being replaced, customer
cost of the recall and labor to remove and replace the defective part or component. When a recall decision is made, we estimate the cost of the recall and record a charge to earnings in that period in
accordance with FASB Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 5, "Accounting for Contingencies." In making this estimate, judgment is required as to the quantity or volume to be
recalled, the total cost of the recall campaign, the ultimate negotiated sharing of the cost between us and the customer and, in some cases, the extent to which the supplier of the part or component
will share in the recall cost. As a result, these estimates are subject to change. 

21

We cannot assure that our truck manufacturers and OEM customers will continue to outsource their engine supply needs. 

        Several of our engine customers, including PACCAR, Navistar, Volvo and Chrysler, are truck manufacturers or OEMs that manufacture engines for some of their
own products. Despite their engine manufacturing abilities, these customers have chosen to outsource certain types of engine production to us due to the quality of our engine products, our emissions
capability, systems integration, their customers' preferences and in order to reduce costs, eliminate production risks and maintain company focus. However, we cannot assure that these customers will
continue to outsource engine production in the future. Increased levels of OEM vertical integration could result from a number of factors, such as shifts in our customers' business strategies,
acquisition by a customer of another engine manufacturer, the inability of third-party suppliers to meet product specifications and the emergence of low-cost production opportunities in
foreign countries. Any significant reduction in the level of engine production outsourcing from our truck manufacturer or OEM customers could
significantly impact our revenues and, accordingly, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our largest customer accounts for a significant share of our business. 

        Sales to Chrysler accounted for approximately 8 percent of our consolidated net sales for 2007, primarily relating to sales of our ISB engine for use in
the Dodge Ram. While a significant amount of our sales to Chrysler are under long-term supply agreements, these agreements provide for the supply of Chrysler's engine requirements for
particular models and not a specific number of engines. Accordingly, the loss of Chrysler as a customer or a significant decline in the production levels for the vehicles in which Chrysler uses our
products would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our manufacturing operations are dependent upon third-party suppliers, making us vulnerable to supply shortages. 

        Cummins materials purchased from external suppliers represent about 80 percent of the component parts used for our production, the rest are manufactured
inside of our operations. Approximately 70 - 80 percent of our purchased components are single sourced, although the majority of these materials and components can be
obtained from other suppliers. Any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may affect our operations at multiple manufacturing locations, forcing us to seek alternative supply sources to avoid serious
disruptions. Delays are caused by factors affecting our suppliers including capacity constraints, labor disputes, the impaired financial condition of a particular supplier, suppliers' allocations to
other purchasers, weather emergencies or acts of war or terrorism. Any delay in receiving supplies could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers and, accordingly, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Cummins has processes to monitor supplier conditions to avoid or minimize disruptions to our operations, customers and
the corresponding impacts to our financial results. 

We may be adversely impacted by work stoppages and other labor matters. 

        As of December 31, 2007, we employed approximately 37,800 persons worldwide. Approximately 14,500 of our employees worldwide are represented by various
unions under collective bargaining agreements that expire between 2010 and 2014. While we have no reason to believe that we will be impacted by work stoppages and other labor matters, we cannot assure
that future issues with our labor unions will be resolved favorably or that we will not encounter future strikes, further unionization efforts or other types of conflicts with labor unions or our
employees. Any of these factors may have an adverse effect on us or may limit our flexibility in dealing with our workforce. In addition, many of our customers have unionized work forces. Work
stoppages or slow-downs experienced by our customers could result in slow-downs or closures at vehicle assembly plants where our engines are installed. If one 

22

or
more of our customers experience a material work stoppage, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our products involve risks of exposure to product liability claims. 

        We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that our products' failure to perform to specification results, or is
alleged to result, in property damage, bodily injury and/or death. We may experience material product liability losses in the future. While we maintain insurance coverage with respect to certain
product liability claims, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against product liability
claims. In addition, product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, regardless of the ultimate
outcome. An unsuccessful defense of a product liability claim could have a material adverse affect on our business, results of operations and financial condition and cash flows. In addition, even if
we are successful in defending against a claim relating to our products, claims of this nature could cause our customers to lose confidence in our products and us. 

Our operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations. 

        Our plants and operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations in all of the countries in which we operate, including laws and
regulations governing emissions to air, discharges to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. While we believe that we are in compliance
in all material respects with these environmental laws and regulations, we cannot assure that we will not be adversely impacted by costs, liabilities or claims with respect to existing or subsequently
acquired operations, under either present laws and regulations or those that may be adopted or imposed in the future. We are also subject to laws requiring the cleanup of contaminated property. If a
release of hazardous substances occurs at or
from any of our current or former properties or at a landfill or another location where we have disposed of hazardous materials, we may be held liable for the contamination and the amount of such
liability could be material. 

We are exposed to political, economic and other risks that arise from operating a multinational business. 

        Approximately 54 percent of our net sales for 2007 were attributable to customers outside the United States. Accordingly, our business is subject to the
political, economic and other risks that are inherent in operating in numerous countries. These risks include: 

•

the
difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems;

•

trade
protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;

•

tax
rates in certain foreign countries that exceed those in the United States and the imposition of withholding requirements on foreign earnings;

•

the
imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions;

•

difficulty
in staffing and managing widespread operations and the application of foreign labor regulations;

•

required
compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; and

•

changes
in general economic and political conditions in countries where we operate, particularly in emerging markets. 

        As
we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks. We cannot assure that these
and other factors will not have a material adverse effect on our international operations or on our business as a whole. 

23

We are subject to currency exchange rate and other related risks. 

        We conduct operations in many areas of the world involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. We are subject to currency exchange rate risk to
the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenues. In addition, since our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in currency
exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our earnings. While we customarily enter into financial transactions to address these
risks, we cannot assure that currency exchange rate fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, while the use of currency hedging instruments
may provide us with protection from adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in
currency exchange rates. 

        We
also face risks arising from the imposition of exchange controls and currency devaluations. Exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars or
to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing controls. Currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds
denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation. Actions of this nature, if they occur or continue for significant periods of time, could have an adverse effect on our results
of operations and financial condition in any given period. 

We face significant competition in the markets we serve. 

        The markets in which we operate are highly competitive. We compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar
products. Our products primarily compete on the basis of price, performance, fuel economy, speed of delivery, quality and customer support. There can be no assurance that our products will be able to
compete successfully with the products of these other companies. Any failure by us to compete effectively in the markets we serve could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. For a more complete discussion of the competitive environment in which each of our segments operates, see "Business—Our Operating Segments." 

We face risks through our equity method investments in companies that we do not control. 

        Our net earnings include significant equity earnings, technical fees and royalty income from unconsolidated subsidiaries. For the year ended December 31,
2007, we recognized $192 million of equity earnings and $13 million of other income from our unconsolidated subsidiaries which comprised almost 28 percent of our net earnings. The
majority (76 percent) of our equity earnings comes from our North American distributors, DCEC and CCEC. We have equity interests in several of our North American distributors who distribute the
full range of our products and services to customers and end-users. DCEC is located in Xiangfan, China and produces our B, C and L series four to nine liter mechanical engines in addition
to full electronic diesel engines. CCEC is located in Chongqing, China and manufactures several models of our heavy-duty and high-horsepower diesel engines, serving primarily
the industrial and stationary power markets in China. Our equity investments may not always perform at the levels we have seen in recent years. 

We face reputational and legal risk from affiliations with joint venture partners 

        Several of our joint venture partners are domiciled in areas of the world with laws, rules and business practices that differ from those in the United States. We
strive to select partners who share our values and understand the Cummins reporting and compliance needs as a U.S. domiciled company. We work to ensure that an appropriate business culture exists
within the ventures to minimize and mitigate our risk. 

24