Set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are some of the principal risks and uncertainties
that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this Report and could individually or combined have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations, financial position and cash flows. In addition, future results could be materially affected by general industry and
market conditions, changes in laws or accounting rules, general U.S. and non-U.S. economic and political conditions, including a global economic slow-down, fluctuation of
interest rates or currency exchange rates, terrorism, political unrest or international conflicts, political instability, major health concerns, natural disasters, commodity prices or other
disruptions of expected economic and business conditions. These risk factors should be considered in addition to our cautionary comments concerning forward-looking statements in this Report, including
statements related to markets for our products and trends in our business that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Our separate section above, "CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
INFORMATION," should be considered in addition to the following statements. 

 Although the global economy showed mild signs of recovery in late 2009, a further downturn could materially adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition
and cash flows again

. 

        Although
we began to see some signs of improvement in late 2009, the global economy remains fragile. The global economic recession that began in late 2008 and
continued through 2009 had a significant adverse impact on our business, customers and suppliers. If the global economy were to take another significant downturn, depending upon the length, duration
and severity of such a so-called "double-dip" recession, our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow would almost certainly be materially adversely affected
again. Specifically, our revenues would likely decrease, we may be forced to consider further restructuring actions, we may need to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts, our days sales
outstanding may increase and we could experience impairments to assets of certain of our businesses. 

16

Table of Contents 

 The discovery of any significant problems with our new EPA compliant engine platforms in North America could materially adversely impact our results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows

. 

        We
have received EPA and CARB certification for our heavy-duty ISX15 and mid-range ISB6.7, ISC8.3 and ISL9 engines which went into
commercial production in early 2010. Certification of these engines confirms that our 2010 engine line-up for on-highway applications meets the near zero emissions levels
required for all engines manufactured in 2010. The launch of these new platforms, which includes the introduction of SCR technology, will impact a number of our operating segments and is crucial to
our success in North America. Although these engine platforms have undergone extensive testing and we believe that they are ready for production, the discovery of any significant problems in these
platforms could result in delays in our product launches, recall campaigns, increased warranty costs, reputational risk and brand risk. 

 We may need to write off significant investments in our new light-duty diesel engine platforms if customer commitments further deteriorate. 

        We began development of a new light-duty diesel engine platform in July 2006 to be used in a variety of on- and
off-highway applications. Since that time, and as of December 31, 2009, we have capitalized investments of approximately $216 million. Market uncertainty due to the global
recession has resulted in some customers delaying or cancelling their vehicle programs, while others remain on schedule. If customer expectations or volume projections further deteriorate from our
current levels and we do not identify new customers, we may need to recognize an impairment charge and write the asset down to net realizable value. 

 We are vulnerable to supply shortages from single-sourced suppliers

. 

        For
2009, we single sourced approximately 70 to 80 percent of the total types of parts in our product designs. Any delay in our suppliers' deliveries
may adversely affect our operations at multiple manufacturing locations, forcing us to seek alternative supply sources to avoid serious disruptions. Delays may be caused by factors affecting our
suppliers, including capacity constraints, labor disputes, economic downturns, availability of credit, the impaired financial condition of a particular supplier, suppliers' allocations to other
purchasers, weather emergencies or acts of war or terrorism. Any extended delay in receiving critical supplies could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers. 

 Government regulation could adversely affect our business

. 

        Our
engines are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing emissions and noise, including standards imposed by the EPA, the European
Union, state regulatory agencies, such as the California Air Resources Board ("CARB") and other regulatory agencies around the world. We have made, and will be required to continue to make,
significant capital and research expenditures to comply with these regulatory standards. Developing engines to meet changing government regulatory requirements, with different implementation timelines
and emissions requirements, makes developing engines efficiently for multiple markets complicated and could result in substantial additional costs that may be difficult to recover in certain markets.
In some cases, we may be required to develop new products to comply with new regulations, particularly those relating to air emissions. For example, we were required to develop new engines to comply
with stringent emissions standards in the U.S. by January 1, 2010. While we were able to meet this and previous deadlines, our ability to comply with other existing and future regulatory
standards will be essential for us to maintain our position in the engine markets we serve. Further, the successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with
new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties. 

17

Table of Contents

 Greenhouse gas legislation or regulation could adversely affect our business. 

        There is growing consensus that some form of U.S. federal legislation and/or regulation may be forthcoming with respect to regulating
manufacturers' greenhouse gas emissions. Any such regulation could result in the imposition on us of significant additional costs in the form of taxes, manufacturing restrictions and/or emission
allowances. The impact of any future mandatory greenhouse gas legislative, regulatory and/or product standard requirements on our global businesses is dependent on the design, terms and applicability
of the mandate or standard. We are unable to predict whether and/or the extent to which any of these potential requirements will be enacted or imposed upon us. 

 Our products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs

. 

        Our
businesses establish prices with our customers in accordance with contractual time frames; however, the timing of market price increases may prevent us
from passing these additional costs on to our customers through timely pricing actions. Additionally, higher material and commodity costs around the world may offset our efforts to reduce our cost
structure. While we
customarily enter into financial transactions to address some of these risks, there can be no assurance that commodity price fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows. In addition, while the use of commodity price hedging instruments may provide us with protection from adverse fluctuations in commodity prices, by utilizing these instruments
we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in price. As a result, higher material and commodity costs, as well as hedging these commodity costs during periods of
decreasing prices, both could result in declining margins. 

 We are subject to currency exchange rate and other related risks

. 

        We
conduct operations in many areas of the world involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. We are subject to currency exchange rate risk
to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenues. In addition, since our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in currency
exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our results of operations. While we customarily enter into financial transactions to
address these risks, there can be no assurance that currency exchange rate fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, while the
use of currency hedging instruments may provide us with protection from adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the benefits that might
result from favorable fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 

        We
also face risks arising from the imposition of exchange controls and currency devaluations. Exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars or
to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing controls. Currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds
denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation. 

 Further deterioration in the North American and European automotive industries could adversely impact our business

. 

        A
number of companies in the global automotive industry continue to experience financial difficulties. In North America, General Motors Corporation ("GM"),
Ford Motor Company and Chrysler Group, LLC ("Chrysler") have experienced declining markets; furthermore, GM and Chrysler have filed for, and then exited, bankruptcy under Chapter 11 of
the U.S. bankruptcy code and have accepted substantial monetary infusions from the United States government. Automakers across Europe and Japan are also experiencing difficulties from a weakened
economy and tightening credit markets. Because many of our suppliers also supply automotive industry participants, the difficult automotive 

18

Table of Contents

industry
conditions have also adversely affected our supply base. Lower production levels for some of our key suppliers, increases in certain raw material, commodity and energy costs and the global
credit market crisis have resulted in severe financial distress among many companies within the automotive supply base. The continuation of financial distress within the automotive industry and our
shared supply base and/or the subsequent bankruptcy of one or more additional automakers may lead to further supplier bankruptcies, commercial disputes, supply chain interruptions, supplier requests
for company sponsored capital support or a collapse of the supply chain. 

 Significant declines in future financial and stock market conditions could diminish our pension plan asset performance and adversely impact our results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows

. 

        We
sponsor both funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension and other retirement plans. Our pension expense and the required contributions
to our pension plans are directly affected by the value of plan assets, the projected and actual rates of return on plan assets and the actuarial assumptions we use to measure our defined benefit
pension plan obligations, including the discount rate at which future projected and accumulated pension obligations are discounted to a present value. We could experience increased pension expense due
to a combination of factors, including the decreased investment performance of pension plan assets, decreases in the discount rate and changes in our assumptions relating to the expected return on
plan assets. 

        Significant
declines in future financial and stock market conditions could cause material losses in our pension plan assets, which could result in increased pension expense in future
years and adverse changes to our financial condition. We may be legally required to make contributions to our U.S. pension plans in the future, and these contributions could be material. In addition,
if local legal authorities increase the minimum funding requirements for our pension plans outside the U.S., we could be required to contribute more funds. 

 We are exposed to political, economic and other risks that arise from operating a multinational business. 

        Approximately 52 percent of our net sales for 2009 were attributable to customers outside the U.S., compared to
59 percent in 2008. Accordingly, our business is subject to the political, economic and other risks that are inherent in operating in numerous countries. These risks
include: 

•

the difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems; 

•

trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

•

the imposition of withholding requirements on foreign income and tax rates in certain foreign countries that exceed those
in the U.S.; 

•

the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions; 

•

difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations and the application of foreign labor regulations; 

•

required compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; and 

•

changes in general economic and political conditions in countries where we operate, particularly in emerging markets. 

        As
we continue to operate our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other related risks. There can be no
assurance that the consequences of these and other factors relating to our multinational operations will not have a material adverse effect upon us. 

19

Table of Contents

 Our business is exposed to risks of product liability claims

. 

        We
face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that our products' failure to perform to specification results, or is
alleged to result, in property damage, bodily injury and/or death. We may experience material product liability losses in the future. While we maintain insurance coverage with respect to certain
product liability claims, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against product liability
claims. In addition, product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, regardless of the ultimate
outcome. An unsuccessful defense of a significant product liability claim could have a material adverse effect upon us. In addition, even if we are successful in defending against a claim relating to
our products, claims of this nature could cause our customers to lose confidence in our products and us. 

 Our products are subject to recall for performance-related issues

. 

        Our
products may be subject to recall for performance-related or safety-related issues. Product recalls subject us to harm to our reputation, loss of current
and future customers, reduced revenue and product recall costs. Product recall costs are incurred when we decide, either voluntarily or involuntarily, to recall a product through a formal campaign to
solicit the return of specific products due to a known or suspected performance issue. 

 Our truck manufacturers and OEM customers may not continue to outsource their engine supply needs

. 

        Several
of our engine customers, including PACCAR Inc., Volvo AB and Chrysler, are truck manufacturers or OEMs that manufacture engines for some
of their own products. Despite their engine manufacturing abilities, these customers have historically chosen to outsource certain types of engine production to us due to the quality of our engine
products, our emissions capability, our systems integration, their customers' preferences, their desire for cost reductions, their desire for eliminating production risks and their desire to maintain
company focus. However, there can be no assurance that these customers will continue to outsource, or outsource as much of, their engine production in the future. Increased levels of OEM vertical
integration could result from a number of factors, such as shifts in our customers' business strategies, acquisition by a customer of another engine manufacturer, the inability of third-party
suppliers to meet product specifications and the emergence of low-cost production opportunities in foreign countries. Any significant reduction in the level of engine production
outsourcing from our truck manufacturer or OEM customers could have a material adverse effect upon us. 

 Our operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations

. 

        Our
plants and operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations in all of the countries in which we operate, including laws
and regulations governing air emissions, discharges to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. While we believe that we are in
compliance in all material respects with these environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely impacted by costs, liabilities or claims with respect to
existing or subsequently acquired operations, under either present laws and regulations or those that may be adopted or imposed in the future. We are also subject to laws requiring the cleanup of
contaminated property. If a release of hazardous substances occurs at or from any of our current or former properties or at a landfill or another location where we have disposed of hazardous
materials, we may be held liable for the contamination and the amount of such liability could be material. 

20

Table of Contents

 We rely on income from investees that we do not directly control. 

        Our net income includes significant equity, royalty and interest income from investees that we do not directly control. For 2009, we
recognized $214 million of equity, royalty and interest income from investees. The majority of our equity, royalty and interest income from
investees comes from our 13 unconsolidated North American distributors, and from two of our joint ventures in China, Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. ("DCEC") and Chongqing Cummins Engine
Company, Ltd. ("CCEC"). Our equity ownership interests in our unconsolidated North American distributors generally range from 30 percent to 50 percent. We have 50 percent
equity ownership interests in DCEC and CCEC. As a result, although a significant percentage of our net income is derived from these unconsolidated entities, we do not unilaterally control their
management or operations, which put a substantial portion of our net income at risk from the actions or inactions of these other entities. A significant reduction in the level of contribution by these
entities to our net income would likely have a material adverse effect upon us. 

 We face reputational and legal risk from affiliations with foreign joint venture partners

. 

        Several
of our joint venture partners are domiciled in areas of the world with laws, rules and business practices that differ from those in the U.S. Although
we strive to select joint venture partners who share our values and understand our reporting requirements as a U.S. domiciled company and to ensure that an appropriate business culture exists within
these ventures to minimize and mitigate our risk, we nonetheless face the reputational and legal risk that our joint venture partners will violate applicable laws, rules and business practices. 

 Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions, the adoption of new U.S. tax legislation or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely affect our
profitability

. 

        We
are subject to ongoing tax audits in various U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Tax authorities may disagree with certain tax reporting positions taken by us
and, as a result, assess additional taxes against us. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. However, there can be no
assurance that we will accurately predict the outcomes of these audits, and the amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these or subsequent tax audits could be materially different from the amounts
previously included in our income tax expense and, therefore, could have a material impact on our tax provision. 

        Our
effective tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by changes to our operating structure, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates,
changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. In particular, the
carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the U.S., is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the U.S. 

        President
Obama's administration has recently announced proposals for new U.S. tax legislation that, if adopted, could adversely affect our tax rate. The proposed changes that could have
an impact include
the deferral of certain U.S. income tax deductions and foreign tax credit reform. Although the scope of the proposed changes is unclear, it is possible that these or other changes in the U.S. tax laws
could increase our effective tax rate and adversely affect our profitability. In addition, as a result of the economic recession, many states are considering new tax legislation to raise revenues and
reduce their spending deficits. Implementation of any of these new tax laws could adversely affect us. 

 We may be adversely impacted by work stoppages and other labor matters

. 

        As
of December 31, 2009, we employed approximately 34,900 persons worldwide. Approximately 13,200 of our employees worldwide are represented by various
unions under collective bargaining 

21

Table of Contents

agreements
that expire between 2010 and 2014. While we have no reason to believe that we will be impacted by work stoppages and other labor matters, there can be no assurance that future issues with
our labor unions will be resolved favorably or that we will not encounter future strikes, work stoppages, or other types of conflicts with labor unions or our employees. Any of these consequences may
have an adverse effect on us or may limit our flexibility in dealing with our workforce. In addition, many of our customers have unionized work forces. Work stoppages or slow-downs
experienced by our customers could result in slow-downs or closures at vehicle assembly plants where our engines are installed. If one or more of our customers experience a material work
stoppage, it could have a material adverse effect on our operations. 

 We face significant competition in the markets we serve

. 

        The
markets in which we operate are highly competitive. We compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell
similar products. Our products primarily compete on the basis of price, performance, fuel economy, speed of delivery, quality and customer support. There can be no assurance that our products will be
able to compete successfully with the products of these other companies. For a more complete discussion of the competitive environment in which each of our segments operates, see "Operating Segments"
in "Item 1 Business."