Relating to Our Business 

        Set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are some of the principal risks and uncertainties
that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this Report. In addition, future results could be materially affected by general
industry and market conditions, changes in laws or accounting rules, general U.S. and non-U.S. economic and political conditions, including a global economic slow-down,
fluctuation of interest rates or currency exchange rates, terrorism, political unrest or international conflicts, political instability or major health concerns, natural disasters, commodity prices or
other disruptions of expected economic and business conditions. These risk factors should be considered in addition to our cautionary comments concerning forward-looking statements in this Report,
including statements related to markets for our products and trends in our business that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Our separate section above, "Cautionary Statements Regarding
Forward-Looking Information," should be considered in addition to the following statements. 

 Our consolidated operating results and financial condition may be adversely impacted by worldwide economic conditions and credit tightening. 

        The recent global economic crisis has caused a general tightening in the credit markets, lower levels of liquidity, increases in the
rates of default and bankruptcy, and extreme volatility in credit, equity and fixed income markets. These conditions may make it difficult or impossible for our customers and suppliers to accurately
forecast and plan future business activities, which may cause 

14

Table of Contents

them
to slow or suspend spending on products and services. As our customers face this challenging economic time, they may find it difficult to gain sufficient credit in a timely manner, which could
result in an impairment of their ability to place orders with us or to make timely payments to us for previous purchases. If this occurs, our revenue may be reduced, thereby having a negative impact
on our results of operations. In addition, we may be forced to increase our allowance for doubtful accounts and our days sales outstanding may increase, which would have a negative impact on our cash
position, liquidity and financial condition. As a result of these conditions and depending on the length and impact these conditions have on our individual businesses, we could experience impairments
to assets of certain businesses. We cannot predict the timing or the duration of this or any other economic downturn in the economy. 

 The North American and European automotive industries are in distress and with further deterioration could adversely impact our business. 

        A number of companies in the global automotive industry are facing severe financial difficulties. In North America, General Motors,
Ford, and Chrysler have experienced declining markets. They have announced significant restructuring actions in an effort to improve profitability and some have received Federal financing assistance.
The North American automotive manufacturers are also burdened with substantial structural costs, such as pension and healthcare costs, that have impacted their profitability and labor relations and
may ultimately result in severe financial difficulty, including bankruptcy. Automakers across Europe and Japan are also experiencing difficulties from a weakened economy and tightening credit markets.
Automotive industry conditions have adversely affected our supply base. Lower production levels for some of our key suppliers, increases in certain raw material, commodity and energy costs and the
global credit market crisis has resulted in severe financial distress among many companies within the automotive supply base. The continuation of financial distress within the Automotive industry and
the supply base and/or the bankruptcy of one or more of the automakers may lead to supplier bankruptcies, commercial disputes, supply chain interruptions, supplier requests for company sponsored
capital support, or a collapse of the supply chain. 

        We
have a long standing relationship with Chrysler for the production of diesel engines for their heavy-duty truck series. Chrysler demand for this product decreased in the
last twelve months, and accounted for three percent of our consolidated sales in 2008. If Chrysler were to enter into bankruptcy, the collection of receivables would be at risk. If such an event was
to occur, and Chrysler is unable to successfully emerge from bankruptcy in the near term, it may be forced to sell some or all of its assets which could include certain production lines including the
Dodge Ram which could adversely impact our sales. 

 Deterioration in the automotive markets could impact the business plan for our light-duty engine products currently under development 

        In July 2006, we announced plans to develop and manufacture a light-duty diesel engine to be used in a variety of
on- and off-highway applications. In July 2007, we entered into an agreement with Chrysler where it would purchase the engine exclusively for use in light-duty
pickup trucks and sport utility vehicles. We have development agreements and commercial letters of intent with other automotive and marine customers. We proceeded with the technical development of
these engine applications and have made significant investment in a manufacturing facility in Columbus, Indiana. 

        In
January 2009, Chrysler announced that it was delaying introduction of its 1500 Dodge Ram pickup truck with our new light-duty diesel engine until at least 2011. Since that
time, we have continued to discuss with Chrysler its commitment to the light-duty diesel engine agreement. 

        In
January 2009, we formally requested that Chrysler provide us with assurances that Chrysler planned to continue to perform its obligations under our agreement for the development of
these 

15

Table of Contents

light-duty
diesel engines. Chrysler maintains that its ability to perform its obligations under the agreement remains unchanged despite its recent need for financial assistance from the
Federal government. We remain committed to the development of this product line for other existing customers and will continue to discuss the light duty diesel engine program with Chrysler as well as
with other potential customers. If significant modifications occur in these programs and we are unable to find alternative customers or applications for these products, we may need to impair our
assets which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

 The current deterioration of the credit and capital markets may adversely impact our ability to obtain financing on acceptable terms or obtain funding under our revolving
credit facility. 

        Global financial markets have been experiencing extreme volatility and disruption, and the credit markets have been exceedingly
distressed. If credit markets continue to deteriorate, we may be unable to obtain adequate funding under our revolving credit facility because our lending counterparties may be unwilling or unable to
meet their funding obligations. 

        If
we are unable to access our revolving credit facility, the instability of financial markets could significantly increase the cost of obtaining additional or alternate funding from the
credit markets as many lenders have increased interest rates, enacted tighter lending standards and refused to refinance existing debt. Even if lenders and institutional investors are willing and able
to provide adequate funding, interest rates may rise in the future and therefore increase the cost of borrowing we incur on any of our floating rate debt. 

        Due
to these factors, we cannot be certain that funding will be available if needed and to the extent required on acceptable terms. If funding is not available when needed, or is
available only on unfavorable terms, it might adversely affect our ability to operate our business which could have a material adverse effect on our revenues and results of operations. 

 Our manufacturing operations are dependent upon third-party suppliers, making us vulnerable to supply shortages. 

        Cummins manufactures strategic components internally and through suppliers. We single source approximately 80 to 85 percent of
the total types of parts in our product designs. Any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may affect our operations at multiple manufacturing locations, forcing us to seek alternative supply sources to
avoid serious disruptions. Delays are caused by factors affecting our suppliers including capacity constraints, labor disputes, economic downturns, availability of credit, the impaired financial
condition of a particular supplier, suppliers' allocations to other purchasers, weather emergencies or acts of war or terrorism. Any delay in receiving supplies could impair our ability to deliver
products to our customers and, accordingly, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 Our products are subject to substantial government regulation. 

        Our engines are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing emissions and noise, including standards imposed
by the EPA, the European Union, state regulatory agencies, such as the CARB and other regulatory agencies around the world. Developing engines to meet changing government regulatory requirements, with
different implementation timelines and emissions requirements, makes developing engines efficiently for multiple markets complicated and could result in substantial additional costs that may be
difficult to recover in some markets. In some cases, we may be required to develop new products to comply with new regulations, particularly those relating to air emissions. For example, we were
required to develop new engines to comply with stringent emissions standards in the United States (U.S.) by January 1, 2010 and Europe by September 1, 2010. While we 

16

Table of Contents

were
able to meet previous deadlines, our ability to comply with other existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our position in the engine markets we serve. 

        We
have made and will be required to continue to make, significant capital and research expenditures to comply with these regulatory standards. Further, the successful development and
introduction of new and enhanced products are subject to risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties. In June
2008, four Cummins facilities in Southern Indiana, including our Technical Center, experienced extensive damage caused by flood water resulting from an unusually high amount of rainfall. The Technical
Center was closed for a period of time during a critical testing period for new engine development to meet 2010 emission standards. We are insured for business interruption; however, it is possible
that we will experience unrecoverable costs as a result of this loss of testing time. Any failure to comply with regulatory standards affecting our products could subject us to fines or penalties and
could require us to cease production of any non-compliant engine or to recall any engines produced and sold in violation of the applicable standards. See "Product Environmental Compliance"
in "Item 1 Business" for a complete discussion of the environmental laws and regulations that affect our products. 

 Variability in material and commodity costs could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

        Our manufacturing processes are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs. Our businesses establish prices with our
customers in accordance with contractual time frames, however, the timing of market price increases may prevent us from passing these additional costs on to our customers through timely pricing
actions. Additionally, higher material and commodity costs around the world may offset our efforts to reduce our cost structure. While we customarily enter into financial transactions to address some
of these risks, we cannot assure that commodity price fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.
In addition, while the use of commodity price hedging instruments may provide us with protection from adverse fluctuations in commodity prices, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the
benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in price. As a result, higher material and commodity costs, as well as hedging these commodity costs during periods of decreasing prices, both
could result in declining margins and could materially impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

 We are subject to currency exchange rate and other related risks. 

        We conduct operations in many areas of the world involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. We are subject to
currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenues. In addition, since our financial statements are denominated in U.S.
dollars, changes in currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our earnings. While we customarily enter into financial
transactions to address these risks, we cannot assure that currency exchange rate fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. In addition, while the use
of currency hedging instruments may provide us with protection from adverse fluctuations in currency exchange rates, by utilizing these instruments we potentially forego the benefits that might result
from favorable fluctuations in currency exchange rates. 

        We
also face risks arising from the imposition of exchange controls and currency devaluations. Exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars or
to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing controls. Currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds
denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation. Actions of this nature, if they occur or continue for significant periods of time, could have an adverse effect on our results
of operations and financial condition in any given period. 

17

Table of Contents

 Deteriorating market conditions could diminish our pension plan asset performance which could adversely impact our equity and our cash flow. 

        We sponsor both funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension and other retirement plans. Our pension expense and
the required contributions to our pension plans are directly affected by the value of plan assets, the projected and actual rates of return on plan assets and the actuarial assumptions we use to
measure our defined benefit pension plan obligations, including the discount rate at which future projected and accumulated pension obligations are discounted to a present value. We could experience
increased pension expense due to a
combination of factors, including the decreased investment performance of pension plan assets, decreases in the discount rate and changes in our assumptions relating to the expected return on plan
assets. 

        The
value of investments in our pension trusts have decreased during the recent market decline. As a result we experienced a material change to our 
Consolidated
Balance Sheet

 which included an increase to Other long-term liabilities and a corresponding decrease in Stockholders' equity through Other comprehensive income. If
the market turmoil causes further declines in our pension plan assets, we could continue to experience increased pension expense in future years and changes to Stockholders equity. We may be legally
required to make contributions to our U.S pension plans in the future, and these contributions could be material. In addition, if local legal authorities increase the minimum funding requirements for
our pension plans outside the U.S., we could be required to contribute more funds, which would negatively affect our cash flow. 

 We are exposed to political, economic and other risks that arise from operating a multinational business. 

        Approximately 59 percent of our net sales for 2008 were attributable to customers outside the U.S. Accordingly, our business is
subject to the political, economic and other risks that are inherent in operating in numerous countries. These risks include: 

•

the difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems; 

•

trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

•

the imposition of withholding requirements on foreign earnings and tax rates in certain foreign countries that exceed
those in the U.S.; 

•

the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions; 

•

difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations and the application of foreign labor regulations; 

•

required compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; and 

•

changes in general economic and political conditions in countries where we operate, particularly in emerging markets. 

        As
we continue to expand our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other risks. We cannot assure that these
and other factors will not have a material adverse effect on our international operations or on our business as a whole. 

 Our products are subject to recall for performance related issues. 

        We are at risk for product recall costs. Product recall costs are incurred when we decide, either voluntarily or involuntarily, to
recall a product through a formal campaign to solicit the return of specific products due to a known or suspected performance issue. Costs typically include the cost of the product, part or component
being replaced, customer cost of the recall and labor to remove and replace the defective part or component. When a recall decision is made, we estimate the cost of the recall and record a charge to
earnings in that period in accordance with FASB Statement of Financial 

18

Table of Contents

Accounting
Standards (SFAS) No. 5, "Accounting for Contingencies." In making this estimate, judgment is required as to the quantity or volume to be recalled, the total cost of the recall
campaign, the ultimate negotiated sharing of the cost between us and the customer and, in some cases, the extent to which the supplier of the part or component will share in the recall cost. As a
result, these estimates are subject to change. 

 We cannot assure that our truck manufacturers and OEM customers will continue to outsource their engine supply needs. 

        Several of our engine customers, including PACCAR, Navistar, Volvo and Chrysler, are truck manufacturers or OEMs that
manufacture engines for some of their own products. Despite their engine manufacturing abilities, these customers have chosen to outsource certain types of engine production to us due to the quality
of our engine products, our emissions capability, systems integration, their customers' preferences and in order to reduce costs, eliminate production risks and maintain company focus. However, we
cannot assure that these customers will continue to outsource engine production in the future. Increased levels of OEM vertical integration could result from a number of factors, such as shifts in our
customers' business strategies, acquisition by a customer of another engine manufacturer, the inability of third-party suppliers to meet product specifications and the emergence of
low-cost production opportunities in foreign countries. Any significant reduction in the level of engine production outsourcing from our truck manufacturer or OEM customers could
significantly impact our revenues and, accordingly, have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 Our operations are subject to extensive environmental laws and regulations. 

        Our plants and operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations in all of the countries in which we
operate, including laws and regulations governing emissions to air, discharges to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. While we
believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with these environmental laws and regulations, we cannot assure that we will not be adversely impacted by costs, liabilities or claims with
respect to existing or subsequently acquired operations, under either present laws and regulations or those that may be adopted or imposed in the future. We are also subject to laws requiring the
cleanup of contaminated property. If a release of hazardous substances occurs at or from any of our current or former properties or at a landfill or another location where we have disposed of
hazardous materials, we may be held liable for the contamination and the amount of such liability could be material. 

 We face risks through our equity method investments in companies that we do not control. 

        Our net earnings include significant equity earnings, technical fees and royalty income from unconsolidated subsidiaries. For the year
ended December 31, 2008, we recognized $231 million of equity earnings and $22 million of other income from our unconsolidated subsidiaries which comprised almost
34 percent of our net earnings. The majority (80 percent) of our equity earnings comes from our North American distributors, DCEC and CCEC. We have equity interests in several of our
North American distributors who distribute the full range of our products and services to customers and end-users. DCEC is located in Xiangfan, China and produces our B, C and L series
four to nine liter mechanical engines in addition to full electronic diesel engines. CCEC is located in Chongqing, China and manufactures several models of our heavy-duty and
high-horsepower diesel engines, serving primarily the industrial and stationary power markets in China. Our equity investments may not always perform at the levels we have seen in recent
years. 

19

Table of Contents

 We face reputational and legal risk from affiliations with joint venture partners. 

        Several of our joint venture partners are domiciled in areas of the world with laws, rules and business practices that differ from
those in the U.S. We strive to select partners who share our values and understand the Cummins reporting and compliance needs as a U.S. domiciled company. We work to ensure that an appropriate
business culture exists within the ventures to minimize and mitigate our risk. 

 We may be adversely impacted by work stoppages and other labor matters. 

        As of December 31, 2008, we employed approximately 39,800 persons worldwide. Approximately 14,300 of our employees worldwide are
represented by various unions under collective bargaining agreements that expire between 2010 and 2014. While we have no reason to believe that we will be impacted by work stoppages and other labor
matters, we cannot assure that future issues with our labor unions will be resolved favorably or that we will not encounter future strikes, work stoppages, or other types of conflicts with labor
unions or our employees. Any of these factors may have an adverse effect on us or may limit our flexibility in dealing with our workforce. In addition, many of our customers have unionized work
forces. Work stoppages or slow-downs experienced by our customers could result in slow-downs or closures at vehicle assembly plants where our engines are installed. If one or
more of our customers
experience a material work stoppage, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 Our business is exposed to risks of product liability claims. 

        We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that our products' failure to perform to
specification results, or is alleged to result, in property damage, bodily injury and/or death. We may experience material product liability losses in the future. While we maintain insurance coverage
with respect to certain product liability claims, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage
against product liability claims. In addition, product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time,
regardless of the ultimate outcome. An unsuccessful defense of a product liability claim could have a material adverse affect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
flows. In addition, even if we are successful in defending against a claim relating to our products, claims of this nature could cause our customers to lose confidence in our products and us. 

 We face significant competition in the markets we serve. 

        The markets in which we operate are highly competitive. We compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that
produce and sell similar products. Our products primarily compete on the basis of price, performance, fuel economy, speed of delivery, quality and customer support. There can be no assurance that our
products will be able to compete successfully with the products of these other companies. Any failure by us to compete effectively in the markets we serve could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. For a more complete discussion of the competitive environment in which each of our segments operates, see "Operating Segments" in
"Item 1 Business." 

 Our business is affected by the cyclical nature of the markets we serve. 

        Our financial performance depends, in large part, on varying conditions in the markets and geographies that we serve. Demand in these
markets and geographies fluctuates in response to overall economic conditions and is particularly sensitive to changes in interest rate levels. Our sales are also impacted by OEM inventory levels and
production schedules and stoppages. Economic downturns in 

20

Table of Contents

the
markets we serve generally result in reductions in sales and pricing of our products, which could reduce future earnings and cash flow. Economic trends can impact our product lines in different
ways. For example, our business with Chrysler pickup trucks is a consumer driven market while other product lines serve customers in markets where availability of credit could impact the timing of
their purchasing decisions.