Set forth below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are some of the principal risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual business results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements contained in this Report and could individually, or in combination, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. These risk factors should be considered in addition to our cautionary comments concerning forward-looking statements in this Report, including statements related to markets for our products and trends in our business that involve a number of risks and uncertainties. Our separate section above, "CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION," should be considered in addition to the following statements. 

GOVERNMENT REGULATION

While we have reached the Agreement in Principle with the EPA, CARB, DOJ and CA AG to resolve certain regulatory civil claims regarding our emissions certification and compliance process for certain engines primarily used in pick-up truck applications in the U.S. and recorded a charge of $2.036 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023 in connection with the Agreement in Principle, the Agreement in Principle remains subject to final regulatory and judicial approvals. In addition, we have incurred, and likely will incur, other additional claims, costs and expenses in connection with the matters covered by the Agreement in Principle and other matters related to our compliance with emission standards for our engines, including with respect to additional regulatory action and collateral litigation related to these matters. Those and related expenses and reputational damage could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

In December 2023, we announced that we reached the Agreement in Principle and recorded a charge of $2.036 billion in the fourth quarter of 2023 to resolve the matters addressed by the Agreement in Principle involving approximately one million of our pick-up truck applications in the U.S. This charge was in addition to the previously announced charges of $59 million for the recalls of model years 2013 through 2018 RAM 2500 and 3500 trucks and model years 2016 through 2019 Titan trucks. Failure to comply with the terms and conditions of the Agreement in Principle will also subject us to further stipulated penalties. The Agreement in Principle remains subject to final regulatory and judicial approvals, and we cannot be certain that the Agreement in Principle will be approved, in its current form, or at all. 

We have also been in communication with other non-U.S. regulators regarding matters related to the emission systems in our engines and may also become subject to additional regulatory review in connection with these matters.

In connection with our announcement of our entry into the Agreement in Principle, we have become subject to shareholder, consumer and third-party litigation regarding the matters covered by the Agreement in Principle and we may become subject to additional litigation in connection with these matters. 

The consequences resulting from the resolution of the foregoing matters are uncertain and the related expenses and reputational damage could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. See NOTE 15, "COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES," to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements
 for additional information. 

Our products are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements that can significantly increase our costs and, along with increased scrutiny from regulatory agencies and unpredictability in the adoption, implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent and fragmented emission standards by multiple jurisdictions around the world, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Our engines are subject to extensive statutory and regulatory requirements governing emissions and noise, including standards imposed by the EPA, the EU, state regulatory agencies (such as the CARB) and other regulatory agencies around the world. Regulatory agencies are making certification and compliance with emissions and noise standards more stringent and subjecting diesel engine products to an increasing level of scrutiny. In addition, failure to comply with the terms and conditions of the Agreement in Principle will subject us to stipulated penalties. The discovery of noncompliance issues could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Developing engines and components to meet more stringent and changing regulatory requirements, with different implementation timelines and emission requirements, makes developing engines efficiently for multiple markets complicated and could result in substantial additional costs that may be difficult to recover in certain markets. While we have met previous deadlines, our ability to comply with existing and future regulatory standards will be essential for us to maintain our competitive position in the engine applications and industries we serve. The successful development and introduction of new and enhanced products in order to comply with new regulatory requirements are subject to other risks, such as delays in product development, cost over-runs and unanticipated technical and manufacturing difficulties.

In addition to these risks, the nature and timing of government implementation and enforcement of increasingly stringent emission standards in our worldwide markets are unpredictable and subject to change. Any delays in implementation or enforcement could 

18

Table of Contents

result in a loss of our competitive advantage and could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Evolving environmental and climate change legislation and regulatory initiatives may adversely impact our operations, could impact the competitive landscape within our markets and could negatively affect demand for our products. 

Our operations are subject to increasingly stringent environmental laws and regulations in all of the countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations governing air emission, carbon content, discharges to water and the generation, handling, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of waste materials. For example, in October 2023, the EPA published a final rule imposing reporting and recordkeeping requirements on manufacturers and importers of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS). While we believe that we are in compliance in all material respects with these environmental laws and regulations, there can be no assurance that we will not be adversely impacted by costs, liabilities or claims with respect to existing or subsequently acquired operations, under either present laws and regulations or those that may be adopted or imposed in the future. We are also subject to laws requiring the cleanup of contaminated property. If a release of hazardous substances occurs at or from any of our current or former properties or at a landfill or another location where we have disposed of hazardous materials, we may be held liable for the contamination and the amount of such liability could be material. We may become subject to additional evolving regulations related to the cleanup of contaminated property, such as the EPA's proposal to designate two widely used PFAS as hazardous substances.
Concern over climate change has resulted in, and could continue to result in, new legal or regulatory requirements designed to reduce or mitigate the effects of GHG emissions. We may become subject to further additional legislation, regulations or accords regarding climate change, and compliance with new rules could be difficult and costly, including increased capital expenditures. Our failure to successfully comply with any such legislation, regulation or accord could also impact our ability to compete in our markets and decrease demand for our products.

We operate our business on a global basis and changes in international, national and regional trade laws, regulations and policies affecting and/or restricting international trade could adversely impact the demand for our products and our competitive position. 

We manufacture, sell and service products globally and rely upon a global supply chain to deliver the raw materials, components, systems and parts that we need to manufacture and service our products. Changes in laws, regulations and government policies on foreign trade and investment can affect the demand for our products and services, cause non-U.S. customers to shift preferences toward domestically manufactured or branded products and impact the competitive position of our products or prevent us from being able to sell products in certain countries. Our business benefits from free trade agreements, such as the United States-Mexico-Canada Agreement and the U.S. trade relationship with China, Brazil and France and efforts to withdraw from, or substantially modify such agreements or arrangements, in addition to the implementation of more restrictive trade policies, such as more detailed inspections, higher tariffs (including, but not limited to, additional tariffs on the import of steel or aluminum and imposition of new or retaliatory tariffs against certain countries, including based on developments in U.S. and China relations), import or export licensing requirements and exchange controls or new barriers to entry, could limit our ability to capitalize on current and future growth opportunities in international markets, impair our ability to expand the business by offering new technologies, products and services, and could adversely impact our production costs, customer demand and our relationships with customers and suppliers. Any of these consequences could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Embargoes, sanctions and export controls imposed by the U.S. and other governments restricting or prohibiting transactions with certain persons or entities, including financial institutions, to certain countries or regions, or involving certain products, limit the sales of our products. Embargoes, sanctions and export control laws are changing rapidly for certain geographies, including with respect to China. In particular, changing U.S. export controls and sanctions on China, as well as other restrictions affecting transactions involving China and Chinese parties, could affect our ability to collect receivables, access cash generated in China, provide aftermarket and warranty support for our products, sell products and otherwise impact our reputation and business, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Unanticipated changes in our effective tax rate, the adoption of new tax legislation or exposure to additional income tax liabilities could adversely affect our profitability. 

We are subject to income taxes in the U.S. and numerous international jurisdictions. Our income tax provision and cash tax liability in the future could be adversely affected by the adoption of new tax legislation, changes in earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process. The carrying value of deferred tax assets, which are predominantly in the U.S., is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income in the U.S. We are also subject to ongoing tax audits. These audits can involve complex issues, which may require an extended period of time to resolve and can be highly judgmental. Tax authorities may disagree with certain tax reporting positions taken by us and, as a result, assess additional taxes against us. We regularly assess the likely outcomes of these audits in order to determine the appropriateness of our tax provision. The amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these or 

19

Table of Contents

subsequent tax audits could be materially different from the amounts previously included in our income tax provision and, therefore, could have a material impact on our tax provision.

Our global operations are subject to laws and regulations that impose significant compliance costs and create reputational and legal risk.

Due to the international scope of our operations, we are subject to a complex system of commercial and trade regulations around the world. Recent years have seen an increase in the development and enforcement of laws regarding trade compliance and anti-corruption, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws from other countries, as well as new regulatory requirements regarding data privacy, such as the European Union General Data Protection Regulation. Our numerous foreign subsidiaries, affiliates and joint venture partners are governed by laws, rules and business practices that differ from those of the U.S. The activities of these entities may not comply with U.S. laws or business practices or our Code of Business Conduct. Violations of these laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, could disrupt our business and result in an adverse effect on our reputation, business and results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We cannot predict the nature, scope or effect of future regulatory requirements to which our operations might be subject or the manner in which existing laws might be administered or interpreted.

Future bans or limitations on the use of diesel-powered vehicles or other applications could have a material adverse impact on our business over the long term.

In an effort to limit GHG emissions and combat climate change, multiple countries and cities have announced that they plan to implement a ban on the use in their countries or cities of diesel-powered products in the near or distant future. These countries include China, India and Germany. In addition, California government officials have called for the state to phase out sales of certain diesel-powered vehicles by 2035. To the extent that these types of bans are actually implemented in the future on a broad basis, or in one or more of our key markets, our diesel business over the long-term could experience material adverse impacts.

BUSINESS CONDITIONS / DISRUPTIONS

We may fail to successfully integrate the acquisition of Meritor and / or fail to fully realize all of the anticipated benefits, including enhanced revenue, earnings and cash flow from our acquisition which could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

The acquisition of Meritor involves the integration of Meritor’s operations with our existing operations, and there are uncertainties inherent in such an integration. We have, and will be continued to be required to, devote significant management attention and resources to integrating Meritor’s operations. Our ability to fully realize all of the anticipated benefits, including enhanced revenue, earnings and cash flow, from our acquisition of Meritor will depend, in substantial part, on our ability to successfully integrate the products into our segments, launch the Meritor products around the world and achieve our projected sales goals. While we believe we will ultimately achieve these objectives, it is possible that we will be unable to achieve some or all of these objectives within our anticipated time frame or in the anticipated amounts. If we are not able to successfully complete the integration of the Meritor business or implement our Meritor strategy, we may not fully realize the anticipated benefits, including enhanced revenue, earnings and cash flows, from this acquisition or such anticipated benefits may take longer to realize than expected. As part of the purchase accounting associated with the acquisition, significant goodwill and intangible asset balances were recorded on the consolidated balance sheet. If cash flows from the acquisition fall short of our anticipated amounts, these assets could be subject to non-cash impairment charges, negatively impacting our earnings. Failure to successfully integrate Meritor and / or realize the anticipated benefits could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We are vulnerable to raw material, transportation and labor price fluctuations and supply shortages, which impacted and could continue to impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We are experiencing supply chain disruptions and related challenges throughout the supply chain. We single source a number of parts and raw materials critical to our business operations. Any delay in our suppliers' deliveries may adversely affect our operations at multiple manufacturing locations, forcing us to seek alternative supply sources to avoid serious disruptions. Delays may be caused by factors affecting our suppliers (including, but not limited to, raw material availability, capacity constraints, port congestion, labor disputes or unrest, shortages of labor, economic downturns, availability of credit, impaired financial condition, sanctions/tariffs, pandemic restrictions, energy inflation/availability, suppliers' allocations to other purchasers, weather emergencies, natural disasters, acts of government or acts of war or terrorism). The effects of climate change, including extreme weather events, long-term changes in temperature levels and water availability may exacerbate these risks. Any extended delay in receiving critical supplies could impair our ability to deliver products to our customers and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

In addition, the current economic environment has resulted, and may continue to result, in price volatility and increased levels of inflation of many of our raw material, transportation and other costs. In particular, increased levels of inflation, rising interest rates and 

20

Table of Contents

concerns regarding a potential economic recession may result in increased operating costs and/or decreased levels of profitability. Further, the labor market for skilled manufacturing remains tight, and our labor costs have increased as a result. Material, transportation, labor and other cost inflation has impacted and could continue to impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We face the challenge of accurately aligning our capacity with our demand.

Our markets are cyclical in nature and we face periods when demand fluctuates significantly higher or lower than our normal operating levels, including variability driven by supply chain inconsistency. Accurately forecasting our expected volumes and appropriately adjusting our capacity are important factors in determining our results of operations and cash flows. We manage our capacity by adjusting our manufacturing workforce, capital expenditures and purchases from suppliers. In periods of weak demand, we may face under-utilized capacity and un-recovered overhead costs, while in periods of strong demand we may experience unplanned costs and could fail to meet customer demand. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to adequately adjust our manufacturing capacity in response to significant changes in customer demand, which could harm our business. If we do not accurately align our manufacturing capabilities with demand it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We derive significant earnings from investees that we do not directly control, with more than 50 percent of these earnings from our China-based investees. 

For 2023, we recognized $483 million of equity, royalty and interest income from investees, compared to $349 million in 2022. Approximately one third of our equity, royalty and interest income from investees is from three of our 50 percent owned joint ventures in China - Beijing Foton Cummins Engine Co., Ltd., Dongfeng Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. and Chongqing Cummins Engine Company, Ltd. 
Although a significant percentage of our net income is derived from these unconsolidated entities, we do not unilaterally control their management or their operations, which puts a substantial portion of our net income at risk from the actions or inactions of these entities. A significant reduction in the level of contribution by these entities to our net income would likely have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows.

Our truck manufacturers and OEM customers discontinuing outsourcing their engine supply needs, experiencing financial distress or experiencing a change-in-control of one of our large truck OEM customers, could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We recognize significant sales of engines and components to a few large on-highway truck OEM customers which have been an integral part of our positive business results for several years. Many are truck manufacturers or OEMs that manufacture engines for some of their own vehicles. Despite their own engine manufacturing abilities, these customers have historically chosen to outsource certain types of engine production to us due to the quality of our engine products, our emission compliance capabilities, our systems integration, their customers' preferences, their desire for cost reductions, their desire for eliminating production risks and their desire to maintain company focus. However, there can be no assurance that these customers will continue to outsource, or outsource as much of, their engine production in the future. In addition, increased levels of OEM vertical integration could result from a number of factors, such as shifts in our customers' business strategies, acquisition by a customer of another engine manufacturer, the inability of third-party suppliers to meet product specifications and the emergence of low-cost production opportunities in foreign countries. Any significant reduction in the level of engine production outsourcing from our truck manufacturer or OEM customers, financial distress of one of our large truck OEM customers due to a change-in-control, could likely lead to significant reductions in our sales volumes, commercial disputes, receivable collection issues, and other negative consequences that could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

PRODUCTS AND TECHNOLOGY

Our products are subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues. 

Our products are subject to recall for performance or safety-related issues. Product recalls subject us to reputational risk, loss of current and future customers, reduced revenue and product recall costs. Product recall costs are incurred when we decide, either voluntarily or involuntarily, to recall a product through a formal campaign to solicit the return of specific products due to known or suspected performance or safety issues. Any significant product recalls could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. See NOTE 14, "PRODUCT WARRANTY LIABILITY" to the 
Consolidated Financial Statements
 for additional information.

Our products are exposed to variability in material and commodity costs. 

Our businesses establish prices with our customers in accordance with contractual time frames; however, the timing of material and commodity market price increases may prevent us from passing these additional costs on to our customers through timely pricing actions. Additionally, higher material and commodity costs around the world as well as elevated levels of inflation may offset our 

21

Table of Contents

efforts to reduce our cost structure. While we customarily enter into financial transactions and contractual pricing adjustment provisions with our customers that attempt to address some of these risks, there can be no assurance that commodity price fluctuations will not adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. While the use of commodity price hedging instruments and contractual pricing adjustments may provide us with some protection from adverse fluctuations in commodity prices, by utilizing these instruments, we potentially forego the benefits that might result from favorable fluctuations in price. As a result, higher material and commodity costs, could result in declining margins.

The development of new technologies may materially reduce the demand for our current products and services.

We are investing in new products and technologies, including electrified powertrains, hydrogen production and fuel cells, for planned introduction into certain new and existing markets. Given the early stages of development of some of these new products and technologies, there can be no guarantee of the future market acceptance and investment returns with respect to our planned products, which will face competition from an array of other technologies and manufacturers. The ongoing energy transition away from fossil fuels and the increased adoption of electrified powertrains in some market segments could result in lower demand for current diesel or natural gas engines and components and, over time, reduce the demand for related parts and service revenues from diesel or natural gas powertrains. Furthermore, it is possible that we may not be successful in developing segment-leading electrified or alternate fuel powertrains and some of our existing customers could choose to develop their own, or source from other manufacturers, and any of these factors could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Lower-than-anticipated market acceptance of our new or existing products or services could have a material adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Although we conduct market research before launching new or refreshed engines and introducing new services, many factors both within and outside our control affect the success of new or existing products and services in the marketplace. Offering engines and services that customers desire and value can mitigate the risks of increasing competition and declining demand, but products and services that are perceived to be less than desirable (whether in terms of price, quality, overall value, fuel efficiency or other attributes) can exacerbate these risks. With increased consumer interconnectedness through the internet, social media and other media, mere allegations relating to poor quality, safety, fuel efficiency, corporate responsibility or other key attributes can negatively impact our reputation or market acceptance of our products or services, even if such allegations prove to be inaccurate or unfounded.

Our business is exposed to potential product liability claims.

We face an inherent business risk of exposure to product liability claims in the event that our products' failure to perform to specification results, or is alleged to result, in property damage, bodily injury and/or death. At any given time, we are subject to various and multiple product liability claims, any one of which, if decided adversely to us, may have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operation in the period in which our liability with respect to any such claim is recognized. While we maintain insurance coverage with respect to certain product liability claims, we may not be able to obtain such insurance on acceptable terms in the future, if at all, and any such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against product liability claims. In addition, product liability claims can be expensive to defend and can divert the attention of management and other personnel for significant periods of time, regardless of the ultimate outcome. Furthermore, even if we are successful in defending against a claim relating to our products, claims of this nature could cause our customers to lose confidence in our products and us.

GENERAL

We may not realize the anticipated value or tax treatment for the anticipated full divestiture of our interest in Atmus Filtration Technologies Inc. (Atmus).

There are uncertainties and risks related to the timing and potential value to Cummins, Atmus and our respective shareholders of the planned divestiture of Atmus, including business, industry and market risks, as well as risks involving realizing the anticipated favorable tax treatment of the divestiture if there is a significant delay or failure to complete the divestiture. Failure to implement the divestiture effectively could result in a lower value to Cummins, Atmus and our respective shareholders.

A delay or failure to complete the divestiture could result in our businesses facing material challenges in connection with this transaction, including, without limitation:

•
the diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business concerns and impact on our businesses as a result of the devotion of management’s attention to strategic alternatives for the Atmus divestiture;

•
maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees;

•
retaining existing business and operational relationships, including with customers, suppliers, employees and other counterparties, and attracting new business and operational relationships; and 

22

Table of Contents

•
foreseen and unforeseen dis-synergy costs, costs of restructuring transactions (including taxes) and other significant costs and expenses.

Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on each of Cummins' and Atmus's respective business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, if the divestiture is completed, the new independent company will incur ongoing costs, including costs of operating as an independent company, that the divested business will no longer be able to share.

We may be adversely impacted by the effects of climate change and may incur increased costs and experience other impacts due to new or more stringent climate change regulations, accords, mitigation efforts, GHG regulations or other legislation designed to address climate change. 

The scientific consensus indicates that emissions of GHG continue to alter the composition of Earth’s atmosphere in ways that are affecting, and are expected to continue to affect, the global climate. The potential impacts of climate change on our customers, product offerings, operations, facilities and suppliers are accelerating and uncertain, as they will be particular to local and customer-specific circumstances. These potential impacts may include, among other items, physical long-term changes in freshwater availability and the frequency and severity of weather events as well as customer product changes either through preference or regulation. 

Concerns regarding climate change may lead to additional international, national, regional and local legislative and regulatory responses, accords and mitigation efforts. Various stakeholders, including legislators and regulators, shareholders and non-governmental organizations, are continuing to look for ways to reduce GHG emissions, and consumers are increasingly demanding products and services resulting in lower GHG emissions. We could face risks to our brand reputation, investor confidence and market share due to an inability to innovate and develop new products that decrease GHG emissions. Increased input costs, such as fuel, utility, transportation and compliance-related costs could increase our operating costs and negatively impact customer operations and demand for our products. As the impact of any additional future climate related legislative or regulatory requirements on our global businesses and products is dependent on the timing, scope and design of the mandates or standards, we are currently unable to predict its potential impact which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Climate change may exacerbate the frequency and intensity of natural disasters and adverse weather conditions, which may cause disruptions to our operations, including disrupting manufacturing, distribution and our supply chain.

Our plan to reposition our portfolio of product offerings through exploration of strategic acquisitions and divestitures may expose us to additional costs and risks. 

Part of our strategic plan is to improve our revenue growth, gross margins and earnings by exploring the repositioning of our portfolio of product line offerings through the pursuit of potential strategic acquisitions and/or divestitures to provide future strategic, financial and operational benefits and improve shareholder value. There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable candidates or consummate these transactions on favorable terms. The successful identification and completion of any strategic transaction depends on a number of factors that are not entirely within our control, including the availability of suitable candidates and our ability to negotiate terms acceptable to all parties involved, conclude satisfactory agreements and obtain all necessary regulatory approvals. Accordingly, we may not be able to successfully negotiate and complete specific transactions. The exploration, negotiation and consummation of strategic transactions may involve significant expenditures by us, which may adversely affect our results of operations at the time such expenses are incurred, and may divert management’s attention from our existing business. Strategic transactions also may have adverse effects on our existing business relationships with suppliers and customers.
If required, the financing for strategic acquisitions could result in an increase in our indebtedness, dilute the interests of our shareholders or both. Any acquisition may not be accretive to us for a significant period of time following the completion of such acquisition. Also, our ability to effectively integrate any potential acquisition into our existing business and culture may not be successful, which could jeopardize future financial and operational performance for the combined businesses. In addition, if an acquisition results in any additional goodwill or increase in other intangible assets on our balance sheet and subsequently becomes impaired, we would be required to record a non-cash impairment charge, which could result in a material adverse effect on our financial condition.

Similarly, any strategic divestiture of a product line or business may reduce our revenue and earnings, reduce the diversity of our business, result in substantial costs and expenses and cause disruption to our employees, customers, vendors and communities in which we operate.

Our business and operations are subject to interest rate risks and changes in interest rates can reduce demand for our products and increase borrowing costs and result in non-cash charges

Rising interest rates could have a dampening effect on overall economic activity and/or the financial condition of our customers, either or both of which could negatively affect customer demand for our products and our customers’ ability to repay obligations to us. Rising interest rates may increase our cost of capital which could have material adverse effects on our financial condition and cash 

23

Table of Contents

flows. Rising interest rates could also impact certain goodwill assets requiring non-cash impairment charges which could have a material adverse impact on our earnings.

We operate in challenging markets for talent and may fail to attract, develop and retain key personnel. 

We depend on the skills, institutional knowledge, working relationships, and continued services and contributions of key personnel, including our leadership team and others at all levels of the company, as a critical part of our human capital resources. In addition, our ability to achieve our operating and strategic goals depends on our ability to identify, hire, train and retain qualified individuals. We compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel in a highly competitive labor market, and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract other talented personnel. Any such loss or failure could have material adverse effects on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Our information technology environment and our products are exposed to potential security breaches or other disruptions which may adversely impact our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We rely on the capacity, reliability and security of our information technology environment and data security infrastructure in connection with various aspects of our business activities. We also rely on our ability to expand and continually update these technologies and related infrastructure in response to the changing needs of our business. As we implement new technologies, they may not perform as expected. We face the challenge of supporting our older technologies and implementing necessary upgrades. In addition, some of these technologies are managed by third-party service providers and are not under our direct control. If we experience a problem with an important technology, including during upgrades and/or new implementations of technologies, the resulting disruptions could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. As customers adopt and rely on cloud-based digital technologies and services we offer, any disruption of the confidentiality, integrity or availability of those services could have an adverse effect on our business and reputation.

The data handled by our technologies is vulnerable to security threats. Our operations routinely involve receiving, storing, processing and transmitting sensitive information pertaining to our business, customers, dealers, suppliers, employees and other sensitive matters. As such, our information technology environment faces information technology security threats, such as security breaches, computer malware, ransomware attacks and other "cyber attacks," which are increasing in both frequency and sophistication, along with power outages or hardware failures. These threats could result in unauthorized public disclosures of information, create financial liability, subject us to legal or regulatory sanctions, disrupt our ability to conduct our business, result in the loss of intellectual property or damage our reputation with customers, dealers, suppliers and other stakeholders. As the result of changing market conditions, a large percentage of our salaried employees continue to work remotely full or part-time. This remote working environment may pose a heightened risk for security breaches or other disruptions of our information technology environment. 

In addition, our products, including our engines, contain interconnected and increasingly complex technologies that control various processes and these technologies are potentially subject to "cyber attacks" and disruption. The impact of a significant information technology event on either our information technology environment or our products could have a material adverse effect on our competitive position, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We are exposed to political, economic and other risks that arise from operating a multinational business. Greater political, economic and social uncertainty and the evolving globalization of businesses could significantly change the dynamics of our competition, customer base and product offerings and impact our growth globally. 

Our business is subject to the political, economic and other risks that are inherent in operating in numerous countries. These risks include:

•
public health crises, including the spread of a contagious disease, such as future pandemics or epidemics, quarantines or shutdowns related to public health crises, and other catastrophic events;

•
economic and political instability, including international conflicts, war, acts of terrorism or the threat thereof, political or labor unrest, civil unrest, riots or insurrections;

•
the difficulty of enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through foreign legal systems;

•
trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;

•
the imposition of taxes on foreign income and tax rates in certain foreign countries that exceed those in the U.S.;

•
the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions;

•
difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations and the application of foreign labor regulations;

•
required compliance with a variety of foreign laws and regulations; and

24

Table of Contents

•
changes in general economic and political conditions, including changes in relationship with the U.S., in countries where we operate, particularly in China and emerging markets.

As we continue to operate and grow our business globally, our success will depend, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these and other related risks. There can be no assurance that the consequences of these and other factors relating to our multinational operations will not have a material adverse effect upon us.

In addition, there continues to be significant uncertainty about the future relationships between the U.S. and China, including with respect to trade policies, treaties, government regulations and tariffs. Any increased trade barriers or restrictions on global trade, especially trade with China could adversely impact our competitive position, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We face significant competition in the regions we serve.

The markets in which we operate are highly competitive. We compete worldwide with a number of other manufacturers and distributors that produce and sell similar products. We primarily compete with diesel engines and related diesel products; however, new technologies continue to be developed for gasoline, natural gas, hydrogen, electrification and other technologies, and we will continue to face new competition from these expanding technologies. Our products primarily compete on the basis of performance, price, total cost of ownership, fuel economy, emissions compliance, speed of delivery, quality and customer support. We also face competitors in some emerging regions who have established local practices and long standing relationships with participants in these markets. Additionally, we face increasing competition to develop innovative products that result in lower emissions. There can be no assurance that our products will be able to compete successfully with the products of other companies and in other markets.

Increasing global competition among our customers may affect our existing customer relationships and restrict our ability to benefit from some of our customers' growth. 

As our customers in emerging markets continue to grow in size and scope, they are increasingly seeking to export their products to other countries. This has meant greater demand for our advanced engine technologies to help these customers meet the more stringent emissions requirements of developed markets, as well as greater demand for access to our distribution systems for purposes of equipment servicing. As these emerging market customers enter into, and begin to compete in more developed markets, they may increasingly begin to compete with our existing customers in these markets. Our further aid to emerging market customers could adversely affect our relationships with developed market customers. In addition, to the extent the competition does not correspond to overall growth in demand, we may see little or no benefit from this type of expansion by our emerging market customers.

Failure to meet environmental, social and governance (ESG) expectations or standards, or to achieve our ESG goals, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

In recent years, there has been an increased focus from stakeholders on ESG matters, including GHG emissions and climate-related risks, renewable energy, water stewardship, waste management, diversity, equity and inclusion, responsible sourcing and supply chain, human rights and social responsibility. Given our commitment to certain ESG principles, we actively manage these issues and have established and publicly announced certain goals, commitments and targets which we may refine, or even expand further, in the future. These goals, commitments and targets reflect our current plans and aspirations and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Evolving stakeholder expectations and our efforts to manage these issues, report on them and accomplish our goals present numerous operational, regulatory, reputational, financial, legal and other risks, any of which could have a material adverse impact, including on our reputation.

Such risks and uncertainties include:

•
reputational harm, including damage to our relationships with customers, suppliers, investors, governments or other stakeholders;

•
adverse impacts on our ability to sell and manufacture products;

•
the success of our collaborations with third parties;

•
increased risk of litigation, investigations or regulatory enforcement actions;

•
unfavorable ESG ratings or investor sentiment;

•
diversion of resources and increased costs to control, assess and report on ESG metrics;

•
our ability to achieve our goals, commitments and targets within the timeframes announced;

•
access to and increased cost of capital and

•
adverse impacts on our stock price.

25

Table of Contents

Any failure, or perceived failure, to meet evolving stakeholder expectations and industry standards or achieve our ESG goals, commitments and targets could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We may be adversely impacted by work stoppages and other labor matters.

At December 31, 2023, we employed approximately 75,500 persons worldwide. Approximately 21,900 of our employees worldwide were represented by various unions under collective bargaining agreements that expire between 2024 and 2028. While we have no reason to believe that we will be materially impacted by work stoppages or other labor matters, there can be no assurance that future issues with our labor unions will be resolved favorably or that we will not encounter future strikes, work stoppages, or other types of conflicts with labor unions or our employees. Any of these consequences may have an adverse effect on us or may limit our flexibility in dealing with our workforce. In addition, many of our customers and suppliers have unionized work forces. Work stoppages or slowdowns experienced by us, our customers or suppliers could result in slowdowns or closures that would have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.

We are subject to foreign currency exchange rate and other related risks. 

We conduct operations in many areas of the world involving transactions denominated in a variety of currencies. We are subject to foreign currency exchange rate risk to the extent that our costs are denominated in currencies other than those in which we earn revenues. In addition, since our financial statements are denominated in U.S. dollars, changes in foreign currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar and other currencies have had, and will continue to have, an impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
We also face risks arising from the imposition of foreign exchange controls and currency devaluations. Foreign exchange controls may limit our ability to convert foreign currencies into U.S. dollars or to remit dividends and other payments by our foreign subsidiaries or businesses located in or conducted within a country imposing controls. Currency devaluations result in a diminished value of funds denominated in the currency of the country instituting the devaluation. See Management's Discussion and Analysis for additional information.

Significant declines in future financial and stock market conditions could diminish our pension plan asset performance and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow.

We sponsor both funded and unfunded domestic and foreign defined benefit pension and other retirement plans. Our pension cost and the required contributions to our pension plans are directly affected by the value of plan assets, the projected and actual rates of return on plan assets and the actuarial assumptions we use to measure our defined benefit pension plan obligations, including the discount rate at which future projected and accumulated pension obligations are discounted to a present value. We could experience increased pension cost due to a combination of factors, including the decreased investment performance of pension plan assets, decreases in the discount rate and changes in our assumptions relating to the expected return on plan assets.
Significant declines in current and future financial and stock market conditions could cause material losses in our pension plan assets, which could result in increased pension cost in future years and adversely impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flow. Depending upon the severity and length of market declines and government regulatory changes, we may be legally obligated to make pension payments in the U.S. and perhaps other countries and these contributions could be material.

We are exposed to risks arising from the price and availability of energy.

The level of demand for our products and services is influenced in multiple ways by the price and availability of energy. High energy costs generally drive greater demand for better fuel economy in almost all countries in which we operate. Some of our engine products have been developed with a primary purpose of offering fuel economy improvements, and if energy costs decrease or increase less than expected, demand for these products may likewise decrease. The relative unavailability of electricity in some emerging market countries also influences demand for our electricity generating products, such as our diesel generators. If these countries add energy capacity by expanding their power grids at a rate equal to or faster than the growth in demand for energy, the demand for our generating products could also decrease or increase less than would otherwise be the case.