Actual results in future periods for CMS Energy and consolidated
 Consumers could differ materially from historical results and
 the forward-looking statements contained in this report. Factors
 that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but
 are not limited to, those discussed in the following sections.
 The companies’ business is influenced by many factors that
 are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may
 materially affect actual results and are often beyond the
 companies’ control. Additional risks and uncertainties not
 presently known or that the companies’ management currently
 believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect the
 companies. The risk factors described in the following sections,
 as well as the other information included in this annual report
 and in the other documents filed with the SEC, should be
 carefully considered before making an investment in securities
 of CMS Energy and Consumers. Risk factors of Consumers are also
 for CMS Energy.

 Risks
 Related to CMS Energy

 CMS
 Energy depends on dividends from its subsidiaries to meet its
 debt service obligations.

 Due to its holding company structure, CMS Energy depends on
 dividends from its subsidiaries to meet its debt obligations.
 Restrictions contained in Consumers’ preferred stock
 provisions and other legal restrictions, such as certain terms
 in its articles of incorporation, limit Consumers’ ability
 to pay dividends or acquire its own stock from CMS Energy. At
 December 31, 2007, Consumers had $269 million of
 unrestricted retained earnings available to pay common stock
 dividends. If sufficient dividends are not paid to CMS Energy by
 its subsidiaries, CMS Energy may not be able to generate the
 funds necessary to fulfill its cash obligations, thereby
 adversely affecting its liquidity and financial condition.

 CMS
 Energy has substantial indebtedness that could limit its
 financial flexibility and hence its ability to meet its debt
 service obligations.

 As of December 31, 2007, CMS Energy had $1.891 billion
 aggregate principal amount of indebtedness, including
 $178 million of subordinated indebtedness relating to its
 convertible preferred securities. $4.374 billion of
 subsidiary debt is not included in the preceding total. In April
 2007, CMS Energy entered into the Seventh Amended and Restated
 Credit Agreement providing revolving credit and commitments in
 the amount of $300 million, which was increased to
 $550 million in January 2008. As of December 31, 2007,
 there were $278 million of letters of credit outstanding
 under the Seventh Amended and Restated Credit Agreement. CMS
 Energy and its subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness in
 the future.

 The level of CMS Energy’s present and future indebtedness
 could have several important effects on its future operations,
 including, among others:

 • 

 a significant portion of its cash flow from operations will be
 dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on its
 indebtedness and will not be available for other purposes;

 • 

 covenants contained in its existing debt arrangements require it
 to meet certain financial tests, which may affect its
 flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in its
 business;

 • 

 its ability to obtain additional financing for working capital,
 capital expenditures, acquisitions and general corporate and
 other purposes may be limited;

 • 

 it may be at a competitive disadvantage to its competitors that
 are less leveraged; and

 • 

 its vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions
 may increase.

 CMS Energy’s ability to meet its debt service obligations
 and to reduce its total indebtedness will depend on its future
 performance, which will be subject to general economic
 conditions, industry cycles and financial, business and other
 factors affecting its operations, many of which are beyond its
 control. CMS Energy cannot make assurances that its business
 will continue to generate sufficient cash flow from operations
 to service its indebtedness. If it is unable to generate
 sufficient cash flows from operations, it may be required to
 sell additional assets or obtain additional financing. CMS
 Energy cannot assure that additional financing will be available
 on commercially acceptable terms or at all.

 25

 CMS
 Energy cannot predict the outcome of claims regarding its
 participation in the development of Bay Harbor or other
 litigation in which substantial monetary claims are
 involved.

 As part of the development of Bay Harbor by certain subsidiaries
 of CMS Energy, pursuant to an agreement with the MDEQ, third
 parties constructed a golf course and park over several
 abandoned CKD piles, left over from the former cement plant
 operations on the Bay Harbor site. The third parties also
 undertook a series of remedial actions, including removing
 abandoned buildings and equipment; consolidating, shaping and
 covering CKD piles with soil and vegetation; removing CKD from
 streams and beaches; and constructing a leachate collection
 system at an identified seep. Leachate is formed when water
 passes through CKD. In 2002, CMS Energy sold its interest in Bay
 Harbor, but retained its obligations under environmental
 indemnifications entered into at the start of the project.

 In September 2004, the MDEQ issued a notice of noncompliance
 after finding high-pH leachate in Lake Michigan adjacent to the
 property. The MDEQ also alleged higher than acceptable levels of
 heavy metals, including mercury, in the leachate flow.

 In 2005, the EPA along with CMS Land and CMS Capital executed an
 AOC and approved a Removal Action Work Plan to address problems
 at Bay Harbor. Among other things, the plan called for the
 installation of collection trenches to capture high-pH leachate
 flow to the lake. Collection systems required under the plan
 have been installed and shoreline monitoring is ongoing. CMS
 Land and CMS Capital are required to address observed
 exceedances in pH, including required enhancements of the
 collection system. In May 2006, the EPA approved a pilot carbon
 dioxide enhancement plan to improve pH results in a specific
 area of the collection system. The enhanced system was installed
 in June 2006. CMS Land and CMS Capital also engaged in other
 enhancements of the installed collection systems.

 In November 2007, the EPA sent CMS Land and CMS Capital a letter
 identifying three separate areas representing approximately
 700 feet of shoreline in which the EPA claimed pH levels
 were unacceptable. The letter also took the position that CMS
 Land and CMS Capital are required to remedy the claimed
 noncompliance. CMS Land and CMS Capital submitted a formal
 objection to the EPA’s conclusions. In their objections,
 CMS Land and CMS Capital noted that the AOC did not require
 perfection and that over 97 percent of the measured pH
 levels were in the correct range. Further, the limited number of
 exceedances were not much above the pH nine level set by the AOC
 and posed no threat to the public health and safety. In
 addition, CMS Land and CMS Capital noted in their objection that
 the actions they had already taken fully complied with the terms
 of the AOC. In January 2008, the EPA advised CMS Land and CMS
 Capital that it had rejected their objections, and that CMS Land
 and CMS Capital were obligated to submit a plan to augment
 measures to collect high pH leachate under the terms of the
 November 2007 EPA letter as modified in the January 2008 letter.
 CMS Land and CMS Capital submitted a proposed augmentation plan
 in February 2008.

 In February 2006, CMS Land and CMS Capital submitted to the EPA
 a proposed Remedial Investigation and Feasibility Study (RIFS)
 for one of the CKD piles known as the East Park CKD pile. A
 similar RIFS is planned to be submitted for the remaining CKD
 piles in 2008. The EPA approved a schedule for near-term
 activities, which includes consolidating certain CKD materials
 and installing collection trenches in the East Park leachate
 release area. In June 2006, the EPA approved an East Park CKD
 Removal Action Work Plan and Final Engineering Design for
 Consolidation. However, the EPA has not approved the RIFS for
 the East Park.

 As a result of the installation of collection systems at the Bay
 Harbor sites, CMS Land and CMS Capital are collecting and
 treating 135,000 gallons of liquid per day and shipping it by
 truck for disposal at a nearby well and at a municipal
 wastewater treatment plant located in Traverse City, Michigan.
 To address both short term and longer-term disposal of liquid,
 CMS Land has filed two permit applications with the MDEQ and the
 EPA, the first to treat the collected leachate at the Bay Harbor
 sites before releasing the water to Lake Michigan and the second
 to dispose of it in a deep injection well in Alba, Michigan,
 that CMS Land or its affiliate would own and operate. In
 February 2008, the MDEQ and the EPA granted permits for CMS Land
 or its affiliate to construct and operate a deep injection well
 near Alba, Michigan in eastern Antrim County. Certain
 environmental groups and a local township have indicated they
 may challenge these permits before the agencies or the courts.

 26

 CMS Land and CMS Capital, the MDEQ, and the EPA have ongoing
 discussions concerning the long-term remedy for the Bay Harbor
 sites. These negotiations are addressing, among other things,
 issues relating to the disposal of leachate, the location and
 design of collection lines and upstream diversion of water,
 potential flow of leachate below the collection system,
 applicable criteria for various substances such as mercury, and
 other matters that are likely to affect the scope of remedial
 work CMS Land and CMS Capital may be obliged to undertake.
 Negotiations have been ongoing for over a year, but CMS Land and
 CMS Capital have not been able to resolve these issues with the
 regulators and they remain pending.

 CMS Land has entered into various access, purchase and
 settlement agreements with several of the affected landowners at
 Bay Harbor, and entered into a confidential settlement with one
 landowner to resolve a lawsuit filed by that landowner. We have
 received demands for indemnification relating to claims made by
 a property owner at Bay Harbor. CMS Land has purchased five
 unimproved lots and two lots with houses.

 CMS Energy has recorded a cumulative charge of
 $140 million, which includes accretion expense, for its
 obligations. An adverse outcome of this matter could, depending
 on the size of any indemnification obligation or liability under
 environmental laws, have a potentially significant adverse
 effect on CMS Energy’s financial condition and liquidity
 and could negatively impact CMS Energy’s results of
 operations. CMS Energy cannot predict the financial impact or
 outcome of this matter.

 CMS
 Energy retains contingent liabilities in connection with its
 asset sales.

 The agreements CMS Energy enters into for the sale of assets
 customarily include provisions whereby it is required to:

 • 

 retain specified preexisting liabilities such as for taxes,
 pensions, or environmental conditions;

 • 

 indemnify the buyers against specified risks, including the
 inaccuracy of representations and warranties it makes; and

 • 

 make payments to the buyers depending on the outcome of
 post-closing adjustments, litigation, audits or other reviews.

 Many of these contingent liabilities can remain open for
 extended periods of time after the sales are closed. Depending
 on the extent to which the buyers may ultimately seek to enforce
 their rights under these contractual provisions, and the
 resolution of any disputes CMS Energy may have concerning them,
 these liabilities could have a material adverse effect on its
 financial condition, liquidity and future results of operations.

 Risks
 Related to CMS Energy and Consumers

 CMS
 Energy and Consumers have financing needs and they may be unable
 to obtain bank financing or access the capital
 markets.

 CMS Energy and Consumers may be subject to liquidity demands
 pursuant to commercial commitments under guarantees, indemnities
 and letters of credit.

 CMS Energy continues to explore financing opportunities to
 supplement its financial plan. These potential opportunities
 include: entering into leasing arrangements and refinancing
 and/or
 issuing new capital markets debt, preferred stock

and/or
 common equity. CMS Energy cannot guarantee the capital
 markets’ acceptance of its securities or predict the impact
 of factors beyond its control, such as actions of rating
 agencies. If CMS Energy is unable to obtain bank financing or
 access the capital markets to incur or refinance indebtedness,
 there could be a material adverse effect upon its financial
 condition, liquidity or results of operations. Similarly,
 Consumers currently plans to seek funds through the capital
 markets and commercial lenders. Entering into new financings is
 subject in part to capital market receptivity to utility
 industry securities in general and to Consumers’ securities
 issuances in particular. Consumers cannot guarantee the capital
 markets’ acceptance of its securities or predict the impact
 of factors beyond its control, such as actions of rating
 agencies. If Consumers is unable to obtain bank financing or
 access the capital markets to incur or refinance indebtedness,
 there could be a material adverse effect upon its liquidity and
 operations.

 27

 Certain of CMS Energy’s securities and those of its
 affiliates, including Consumers, are rated by various credit
 rating agencies. Any reduction or withdrawal of one or more of
 its credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on CMS
 Energy’s or Consumers’ ability to access capital on
 acceptable terms and maintain commodity lines of credit and
 could make its cost of borrowing higher. If it is unable to
 maintain commodity lines of credit, CMS Energy may have to post
 collateral or make prepayments to certain of its suppliers
 pursuant to existing contracts with them. In addition, certain
 bonds of Consumers are supported by municipal bond insurance
 policies, and the interest rates on those bonds have been
 affected by ratings downgrades of bond insurers. Further, any
 adverse developments to Consumers, which provides dividends to
 CMS Energy, that result in a lowering of Consumers’ credit
 ratings could have an adverse effect on CMS Energy’s credit
 ratings. CMS Energy and Consumers cannot guarantee that any of
 their current ratings will remain in effect for any given period
 of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn
 entirely by a rating agency.

 Regulatory
 changes and other developments have resulted and could continue
 to result in increased competition in the domestic energy
 business. Generally, increased competition threatens market
 share in certain segments of CMS Energy’s business and can
 reduce its and Consumers’ profitability.

 As of January 1, 2002, the Customer Choice Act allows all
 electric customers in Michigan the choice of buying electric
 generation service from Consumers or an alternative electric
 supplier. Consumers had experienced, and could experience in the
 future, a significant increase in competition for generation
 services due to ROA. At December 31, 2007, alternative
 electric suppliers were providing 315 MW of generation
 service to ROA customers. This amount represents 4 percent
 of Consumers’ total distribution load, which is down from a
 high of 12 percent in 2004. Consumers cannot predict the
 total amount of electric supply load that may be lost to
 competitor suppliers in the future.

 Electric
 industry regulation could adversely affect CMS Energy’s and
 Consumers’ business, including their ability to recover
 costs from their customers.

 Federal and state regulation of electric utilities has changed
 dramatically in the last two decades and could continue to
 change over the next several years. These changes could
 adversely affect CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ business,
 financial condition and profitability.

 There are multiple proceedings pending before the FERC involving
 transmission rates, regional transmission organizations and
 electric bulk power markets and transmission. FERC is also
 reviewing the standards under which electric utilities are
 allowed to participate in wholesale power markets without price
 restrictions. CMS Energy and Consumers cannot predict the impact
 of these electric industry restructuring proceedings on their
 financial condition, liquidity or results of operations.

 CMS
 Energy and Consumers could incur significant capital
 expenditures to comply with environmental standards and face
 difficulty in recovering these costs on a current
 basis.

 CMS Energy, Consumers, and their subsidiaries are subject to
 costly and increasingly stringent environmental regulations.
 They expect that the cost of future environmental compliance,
 especially compliance with clean air and water laws, will be
 significant.

 In March 2005, the EPA adopted the Clean Air Interstate Rule
 that requires additional coal-fired electric generating plant
 emission controls for nitrogen oxides and sulfur dioxide.
 Consumers plans to meet the nitrogen oxides requirements by
 installing equipment that reduces nitrogen oxides emissions and
 purchasing emissions allowances. Consumers also will meet the
 sulfur dioxide requirements by injecting a chemical that reduces
 sulfur dioxide emissions, installing scrubbers and purchasing
 emission allowances. Consumers plans to spend an additional
 $835 million for equipment installation through 2015.

 In March 2005, the EPA issued the CAMR, which requires initial
 reductions of mercury emissions from coal-fired electric
 generating plants by 2010 and further reductions by 2018.
 Certain portions of the CAMR were appealed to the
 U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia by a
 number of states and other entities. The U.S. Court of
 Appeals for the District of Columbia decided the case on
 February 8, 2008, and determined that the

 28

 rules developed by the EPA were not consistent with the Clean
 Air Act. CMS Energy and Consumers continue to monitor the
 development of federal regulations in this area.

 In April 2006, Michigan’s governor proposed a plan that
 would result in mercury emissions reductions of 90 percent
 by 2015. We are working with the MDEQ on the details of this
 plan; however, we have developed preliminary cost estimates and
 a mercury emissions reduction scenario based on our best
 knowledge of control technology options and initially proposed
 requirements. We estimate that costs associated with Phase I of
 the state’s mercury plan will be approximately
 $220 million by 2010 and an additional $200 million by
 2015.

 The EPA has alleged that some utilities have incorrectly
 classified plant modifications as “routine
 maintenance” rather than seeking permits from the EPA to
 modify their plants. Consumers responded to information requests
 from the EPA on this subject in 2000, 2002, and 2006. Consumers
 believes that it has properly interpreted the requirements of
 “routine maintenance.” If the EPA finds that its
 interpretation is incorrect, Consumers could be required to
 install additional pollution controls at some or all of its
 coal-fired electric generating plants and pay fines.
 Additionally, Consumers would need to assess the viability of
 continuing operations at certain plants.

 Several legislative proposals have been introduced in the United
 States Congress that would require reductions in emissions of
 greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide. These laws, or
 similar state laws or rules, if enacted, could require Consumers
 to replace equipment, install additional equipment for pollution
 controls, purchase allowances, curtail operations, or take other
 steps.

 CMS Energy and Consumers expect to collect fully from its
 customers, through the ratemaking process, these and other
 required environmental expenditures. However, if these
 expenditures are not recovered from customers in Consumers’
 rates, CMS Energy
 and/or
 Consumers may be required to seek significant additional
 financing to fund these expenditures, which could strain their
 cash resources. We can give no assurances that CMS Energy

and/or
 Consumers will have access to bank financing or capital markets
 to fund any such environmental expenditures.

 Market
 performance and other changes may decrease the value of benefit
 plan assets, which then could require significant
 funding.

 The performance of the capital markets affects the values of
 assets that are held in trust to satisfy future obligations
 under CMS Energy’s pension and postretirement benefit
 plans. CMS Energy has significant obligations in this area and
 holds significant assets in these trusts. These assets are
 subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns,
 which may fall below CMS Energy’s forecasted return rates.
 A decline in the market value of the assets may increase the
 funding requirements of these obligations. Also, changes in
 demographics, including increased number of retirements or
 changes in life expectancy assumptions may also increase the
 funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension
 and postretirement benefit plans. If CMS Energy is unable to
 successfully manage its pension and postretirement plan assets,
 its results of operations and financial position could be
 affected negatively.

 Periodic
 reviews of the values of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’
 assets could result in accounting charges.

 CMS Energy and Consumers are required by GAAP to review
 periodically the carrying value of their assets, including those
 that may be sold. Market conditions, the operational
 characteristics of their assets and other factors could result
 in recording additional impairment charges for their assets,
 which could have an adverse effect on their stockholders’
 equity and their access to additional financing. In addition,
 they may be required to record impairment charges at the time
 they sell assets, depending on the sale prices they are able to
 secure and other factors.

 CMS
 Energy and Consumers may be adversely affected by regulatory
 investigations regarding “round-trip” trading by CMS
 MST as well as civil lawsuits regarding pricing information that
 CMS MST and CMS Field Services provided to market
 publications.

 As a result of round-trip trading transactions (simultaneous,
 prearranged commodity trading transactions in which energy
 commodities were sold and repurchased at the same price) at CMS
 MST, CMS Energy is under

 29

 investigation by the DOJ. CMS Energy received subpoenas in 2002
 and 2003 from U.S. Attorneys’ Offices regarding
 investigations of those trades. CMS Energy responded to those
 subpoenas in 2003 and 2004.

 In March 2004, the SEC approved a
 cease-and-desist
 order settling an administrative action against CMS Energy
 relating to round-trip trading. The order did not assess a fine
 and CMS Energy neither admitted nor denied the order’s
 findings.

 CMS Energy and Consumers cannot predict the outcome of the
 investigations. It is possible that the outcome in one or more
 of the investigations could, affect adversely CMS Energy’s
 and Consumers’ financial condition, liquidity or results of
 operations.

 CMS
 Energy and Consumers may be adversely affected by regulatory
 investigations and civil lawsuits regarding pricing information
 that CMS MST and CMS Field Services provided to market
 publications.

 CMS Energy has notified appropriate regulatory and governmental
 agencies that some employees at CMS MST and CMS Field Services
 appeared to have provided inaccurate information regarding
 natural gas trades to various energy industry publications which
 compile and report index prices. CMS Energy is cooperating with
 an ongoing investigation by the DOJ regarding this matter. CMS
 Energy is unable to predict the outcome of the DOJ investigation
 and what effect, if any, the investigation will have on CMS
 Energy.

 CMS Energy, CMS MST, CMS Field Services, Cantera Natural Gas,
 Inc. (the company that purchased CMS Field Services) and Cantera
 Gas Company are named as defendants in various lawsuits arising
 as a result of alleged false natural gas price reporting.
 Allegations include manipulation of NYMEX natural gas futures
 and options prices, price-fixing conspiracies, and artificial
 inflation of natural gas retail prices in Colorado, Kansas,
 Missouri, Tennessee, and Wyoming.

 CMS Energy and Consumers cannot predict the outcome of the
 investigations. It is possible that the outcome in one or more
 of the investigations could affect adversely CMS Energy’s
 and Consumers’ financial condition, liquidity or results of
 operations.

 CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ revenues and results of
 operations are subject to risks that are beyond their control,
 including but not limited to future terrorist attacks or related
 acts of war.

 The cost of repairing damage to CMS Energy’s and
 Consumers’ facilities due to storms, natural disasters,
 wars, terrorist acts and other catastrophic events, in excess of
 insurance recoveries and reserves established for these repairs,
 may adversely impact their results of operations, financial
 condition and cash flows. The occurrence or risk of occurrence
 of future terrorist activity and the high cost or potential
 unavailability of insurance to cover this terrorist activity may
 impact their results of operations and financial condition in
 unpredictable ways. These actions could also result in
 disruptions of power and fuel markets. In addition, their
 natural gas distribution system and pipelines could be directly
 or indirectly harmed by future terrorist activity.

 Consumers
 may not prevail in the exercise of its regulatory-out rights
 under the MCV PPA.

 The MCV Partnership, which leases and operates the MCV Facility,
 contracted to sell electricity to Consumers for a
 35-year
 period beginning in 1990. The cost that Consumers incurred under
 the MCV PPA exceeded the recovery amount allowed by the MPSC,
 including $39 million in 2007, until it exercised the
 regulatory-out provision in the MCV PPA in September 2007. This
 action limited its capacity and fixed energy payments to the MCV
 Partnership to the amounts that it collects from its customers.
 However, it uses the direct savings from the RCP, after
 allocating a portion to customers, to offset a portion of its
 capacity and fixed energy underrecoveries expense. The MCV
 Partnership has notified Consumers that it disputes its right to
 exercise the regulatory-out provision. Consumers believes that
 the provision is valid and fully effective, but cannot assure
 that it will prevail in the event of a proceeding on this issue.

 As a result of our exercise of the regulatory-out provision, the
 MCV Partnership may, under certain circumstances, have the right
 to terminate or reduce the amount of capacity sold under the MCV
 PPA. If the MCV Partnership terminates the MCV PPA or reduces
 the amount of capacity sold under the MCV PPA, Consumers would
 seek to replace the lost capacity to maintain an adequate
 electric Reserve Margin. This could involve entering

 30

 into a new power purchase agreement or entering into electric
 capacity contracts on the open market. Consumers cannot predict
 its ability to enter into such contracts at a reasonable price.
 Consumers also is unable to predict regulatory approval of the
 terms and conditions of such contracts, or that the MPSC would
 allow full recovery of its incurred costs.

 CMS Energy and Consumers cannot predict the financial impact or
 outcome of these matters.

 Consumers’
 energy risk management strategies may not be effective in
 managing fuel and electricity pricing risks, which could result
 in unanticipated liabilities to Consumers or increased
 volatility of its earnings.

 Consumers is exposed to changes in market prices for natural
 gas, coal, electricity and emission credits. Prices for natural
 gas, coal, electricity and emission credits may fluctuate
 substantially over relatively short periods of time and expose
 Consumers to commodity price risk. A substantial portion of
 Consumers’ operating expenses for its plants consists of
 the costs of obtaining these commodities. Consumers manages
 these risks using established policies and procedures, and it
 may use various contracts to manage these risks, including
 swaps, options, futures and forward contracts. No assurance can
 be made that these strategies will be successful in managing
 Consumers’ pricing risk, or that they will not result in
 net liabilities to Consumers as a result of future volatility in
 these markets.

 Natural gas prices in particular have historically been
 volatile. Consumers routinely enters into contracts to offset
 its positions, such as hedging exposure to the risks of demand,
 market effects of weather and changes in commodity prices
 associated with its gas distribution business. These positions
 are taken in conjunction with the GCR mechanism, which allows
 Consumers to recover prudently incurred costs associated with
 those positions. However, Consumers does not always hedge the
 entire exposure of its operations from commodity price
 volatility. Furthermore, the ability to hedge exposure to
 commodity price volatility depends on liquid commodity markets.
 As a result, to the extent the commodity markets are illiquid,
 Consumers may not be able to execute its risk management
 strategies, which could result in greater open positions than
 preferred at a given time. To the extent that open positions
 exist, fluctuating commodity prices can improve or worsen CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ financial condition or results
 of operations.

 Changes
 in taxation as well as inherent difficulty in quantifying
 potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively
 impact CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ results of
 operations.

 CMS Energy and Consumers are required to make judgments
 regarding the potential tax effects of various financial
 transactions and results of operations in order to estimate
 their obligations to taxing authorities. The tax obligations
 include income, real estate, sales and use taxes,
 employment-related taxes and ongoing issues related to these tax
 matters. The judgments include reserves for potential adverse
 outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken that may
 be subject to challenge by IRS
 and/or other
 taxing authorities. Unfavorable settlements of any of the issues
 related to these reserves at CMS Energy or Consumers Energy
 could adversely affect their financial condition or results of
 operations.

 Consumers
 is exposed to risks related to general economic conditions in
 its service territories.

 Consumers’ electric and gas utility businesses are impacted
 by the economic cycles of the customers it serves. In its
 service territories in Michigan, the economy has been sluggish
 and hampered by negative developments in the manufacturing
 industry and limited growth in non-manufacturing sectors of the
 state’s economy. In the event economic conditions in
 Michigan or the region continue to decline, Consumers may
 experience reduced demand for electricity or natural gas that
 could result in decreased earnings and cash flow. In addition,
 economic conditions in its service territory impact its
 collections of accounts receivable and its financial results.

 CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ energy sales and operations
 are impacted by seasonal factors and varying weather conditions
 from year to year.

 Consumers’ electric and gas utility businesses are
 generally seasonal businesses. Demand for electricity is greater
 in the summer and winter months associated with cooling and
 heating, and demand for natural gas peaks in the winter heating
 season. Accordingly, its overall results in the future may
 fluctuate substantially on a seasonal

 31

 basis. Mild temperatures during the summer cooling season and
 winter heating season will negatively impact CMS Energy’s
 and Consumers’ results of operations and cash flows.

 Unplanned
 power plant outages may be costly for Consumers.

 Unforeseen maintenance may be required to safely produce
 electricity. As a result of unforeseen maintenance, Consumers
 may be required to make spot market purchases of electricity
 that exceed its costs of generation. Its financial condition or
 results of operations may be negatively affected if it is unable
 to recover those increased costs.

 Failure
 to implement successfully new processes and information systems
 could interrupt our operations.

 CMS Energy and Consumers depend on numerous information systems
 for operations and financial information and billings. They are
 in the midst of a multi-year company-wide initiative to improve
 existing processes and implement new core information systems.
 Failure to implement successfully new processes and new core
 information systems could interrupt their operations.

 Consumers
 may not be able to obtain an adequate supply of coal, which
 could limit its ability to operate its facilities.

 Consumers is dependent on coal for much of its electric
 generating capacity. While Consumers has coal supply and
 transportation contracts in place, there can be no assurance
 that the counterparties to these agreements will fulfill their
 obligations to supply coal to Consumers. The suppliers under the
 agreements may experience financial or operational problems that
 inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations to Consumers.
 In addition, suppliers under these agreements may not be
 required to supply coal to Consumers under certain
 circumstances, such as in the event of a natural disaster. If it
 is unable to obtain its coal requirements under existing or
 future coal supply and transportation contracts, Consumers may
 be required to purchase coal at higher prices, or it may be
 forced to make additional MWh purchases through other
 potentially higher cost generating resources in the Midwest
 energy market. Higher coal costs increase its working capital
 requirements.