and Item 8. Financial Statements and
 Supplementary Data, Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements,
 Note 5, Contingencies and Commitments.

 CMS Energy has recorded a significant liability for its
 affiliates’ obligations associated with Bay Harbor. For
 additional information, see Item 1A. Risk Factors and
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements, Note 5, Contingencies
 and Commitments.

 Air: Consumers continues to install

state-of-the-art
 emissions control equipment at its electric generating plants
 and to convert electric generating units to burn cleaner fuels.
 Consumers estimates that it will incur expenditures of
 $1.4 billion from 2011 through 2018 to comply with present
 and future federal and state regulations that will require
 extensive reductions in nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxides,
 particulate matter, and mercury emissions. Consumers’
 estimate may increase if additional laws or regulations are
 adopted or implemented regarding greenhouse gases, including
 carbon dioxide. For additional information concerning estimated
 capital expenditures related to emissions control, see
 Item 7. MD&A, Outlook, “Consumers’ Electric
 Utility Business Outlook and Uncertainties — Electric
 Environmental Estimates.”

 Solid Waste Disposal: Costs related to the
 construction, operation, and closure of solid waste disposal
 facilities for coal ash are significant. Historically, Consumers
 has worked with others to reuse 30 to 40 percent of ash produced
 by its coal-fueled plants, and sells ash for use as a Portland
 cement replacement in concrete products, as feedstock for the
 manufacture of Portland cement, and for other
 environmentally-compatible uses. Consumers’ solid waste
 disposal areas are regulated under Michigan’s solid waste
 rules. Consumers has converted all of its fly ash handling
 systems to dry systems, which reduce landfill venting
 substantially. All of Consumers’ ash facilities have
 programs designed to protect the environment and are subject to
 quarterly MDNRE inspections. Furthermore, an independent
 consultant has assessed dike integrity and stability. No major
 deficiencies were identified that could immediately jeopardize
 continued safe and reliable operation of the project structures.
 The draft reports of three EPA contractors who have since
 inspected these facilities with regard to National Dam Safety
 Program Act requirements comport with this conclusion. The EPA
 has proposed new federal regulations for ash disposal areas.
 Consumers estimates that it will incur expenditures of
 $320 million from 2011 through 2018 to comply with future
 regulations relating to ash disposal. For additional information
 concerning estimated capital expenditures related to solid waste
 disposal, see Item 7. MD&A, Outlook,
 “Consumers’ Electric Utility Business Outlook and
 Uncertainties — Electric Environmental Estimates.”

 Water: Consumers uses significant amounts of water
 to operate and cool its electric generating plants. Water
 discharge quality is regulated and administered by the MDNRE
 under the federal NPDES program. To comply with such regulation,
 Consumers’ facilities have discharge monitoring programs.
 The EPA is developing new regulations related to cooling water
 intake systems. Consumers estimates that it will incur
 expenditures of $180 million from 2011 through 2018 to
 comply with future regulations relating to cooling water intake
 systems. For additional information concerning estimated capital
 expenditures related to cooling water intake systems, see
 Item 7. MD&A, Outlook, “Consumers’ Electric
 Utility Business Outlook and Uncertainties — Electric
 Environmental Estimates.”

 CMS ENERGY AND
 CONSUMERS COMPETITION

 Electric
 Competition

 Consumers’ electric utility business is subject to actual
 and potential competition from many sources, in both the
 wholesale and retail markets, as well as in electric generation,
 electric delivery, and retail services.

 The Customer Choice Act allows all of Consumers’ electric
 customers to buy electric generation service from Consumers or
 from an alternative electric supplier. The 2008 Energy
 Legislation revised the Customer Choice Act by limiting
 alternative electric supply to ten percent of weather-adjusted
 retail sales for the preceding calendar year. At
 December 31, 2010, electric deliveries under the ROA
 program were at the ten percent limit. Alternative electric
 suppliers were providing 807 MW of generation service to
 ROA customers.

 Consumers also has competition or potential competition from:

 • 

 industrial customers relocating all or a portion of their
 production capacity outside Consumers’ service territory
 for economic reasons;

 26

Table of Contents

 • 

 municipalities owning or operating competing electric delivery
 systems;

 • 

 customer self-generation; and

 • 

 adjacent utilities that extend lines to customers in contiguous
 service territories.

 Consumers addresses this competition by monitoring activity in
 adjacent areas and monitoring compliance with the MPSC’s
 and FERC’s rules, providing non-energy services, and
 providing tariff-based incentives that support economic
 development.

 CMS ERM continues to focus on optimizing CMS Energy’s IPP
 portfolio. CMS Energy’s IPP business faces competition from
 generators, marketers and brokers, and utilities marketing power
 in the wholesale market.

 Gas
 Competition

 Competition exists in various aspects of Consumers’ gas
 utility business. Competition comes from other gas suppliers
 taking advantage of direct access to Consumers’ customers
 and from alternative fuels and energy sources, such as propane,
 oil, and electricity.

 INSURANCE

 CMS Energy and its subsidiaries, including Consumers, maintain
 insurance coverage generally similar to comparable companies in
 the same lines of business. The insurance policies are subject
 to terms, conditions, limitations, and exclusions that might not
 fully compensate CMS Energy or Consumers for all losses. A
 portion of each loss is generally assumed by CMS Energy or
 Consumers in the form of deductibles and self-insured retentions
 that, in some cases, are substantial. As CMS Energy or Consumers
 renews its policies, it is possible that some of the present
 insurance coverage may not be renewed or obtainable on
 commercially reasonable terms due to restrictive insurance
 markets.

 CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ present insurance program
 does not cover the risks of certain environmental cleanup costs
 and environmental damages, such as claims for air pollution,
 damage to sites owned by CMS Energy or Consumers, and some
 long-term storage or disposal of wastes.

 EMPLOYEES

 CMS
 Energy

 At December 31, 2010, CMS Energy and its wholly owned
 subsidiaries, including Consumers, had 7,822 full-time
 equivalent employees. Included in the total are
 3,310 full-time operating, maintenance, and construction
 employees and full-time and part-time call center employees who
 are represented by the Union.

 Consumers

 At December 31, 2010, Consumers and its subsidiaries had
 7,522 full-time equivalent employees. Included in the total
 are 3,310 full-time operating, maintenance, and
 construction employees and full-time and part-time call center
 employees who are represented by the Union.

 27

Table of Contents

 CMS ENERGY
 EXECUTIVE OFFICERS (as of February 1, 2011)

 Name

 Age

 Position

 Period

 John G. Russell

 53

 President and CEO of CMS Energy

 5/2010-Present

 President and CEO of Consumers

 5/2010-Present

 Director of CMS Energy

 5/2010-Present

 Director of Consumers

 5/2010-Present

 Director of CMS Enterprises

 5/2010-Present

 Chairman of the Board, President and CEO of CMS Enterprises

 5/2010-Present

 President and Chief Operating Officer of Consumers

 2004-5/2010

 Thomas J. Webb

 58

 Executive Vice President, CFO of CMS Energy

 2002-Present

 Executive Vice President, CFO of Consumers

 2002-Present

 Executive Vice President, CFO of CMS Enterprises

 2002-Present

 Director of CMS Enterprises

 2002-Present

 James E. Brunner

 58

 Senior Vice President and General Counsel of CMS Energy

 11/2006-Present

 Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Consumers

 11/2006-Present

 Senior Vice President and General Counsel of CMS Enterprises

 11/2007-Present

 Director of CMS Enterprises

 2006-Present

 Senior Vice President of CMS Enterprises

 2006-11/2007

 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance
 Officer of CMS Energy

 5/2006-11/2006

 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance
 Officer of Consumers

 5/2006-11/2006

 Senior Vice President and General Counsel of CMS Energy

 2/2006-5/2006

 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Interim Chief
 Compliance Officer of Consumers

 2/2006-5/2006

 Vice President and General Counsel of Consumers

 7/2004-2/2006

 John M. Butler*

 46

 Senior Vice President of CMS Energy

 2006-Present

 Senior Vice President of Consumers

 2006-Present

 Senior Vice President of CMS Enterprises

 2006-Present

 28

Table of Contents

 Name

 Age

 Position

 Period

 David G. Mengebier

 53

 Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer of CMS Energy

 11/2006-Present

 Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer of Consumers

 11/2006-Present

 Senior Vice President of CMS Enterprises

 2003-Present

 Senior Vice President of CMS Energy

 2001-11/2006

 Senior Vice President of Consumers

 2001-11/2006

 Glenn P. Barba

 45

 Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of CMS
 Energy

 2003-Present

 Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of
 Consumers

 2003-Present

 Vice President, Chief Accounting Officer and Controller of CMS
 Enterprises

 11/2007-Present

 Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of CMS Enterprises

 2003-11/2007

 * 

 From 2004 until June 2006, Mr. Butler was Human Resources
 Director, Manufacturing and Engineering at Dow Chemical Company,
 a non-affiliated company.

 There are no family relationships among executive officers and
 directors of CMS Energy.

 The term of office of each of the executive officers extends to
 the first meeting of the Board of Directors of CMS Energy after
 the next annual election of Directors of CMS Energy (scheduled
 to be held on May 20, 2011).

 CONSUMERS EXECUTIVE OFFICERS (as of February 1, 2011)

 Name

 Age

 Position

 Period

 John G. Russell

 53

 President and CEO of CMS Energy

 5/2010-Present

 President and CEO of Consumers

 5/2010-Present

 Director of CMS Energy

 5/2010-Present

 Director of Consumers

 5/2010-Present

 Director of CMS Enterprises

 5/2010-Present

 Chairman of the Board, President and CEO of CMS Enterprises

 5/2010-Present

 President and Chief Operating Officer of Consumers

 2004-5/2010

 Thomas J. Webb

 58

 Executive Vice President, CFO of CMS Energy

 2002-Present

 Executive Vice President, CFO of Consumers

 2002-Present

 Executive Vice President, CFO of CMS Enterprises

 2002-Present

 Director of CMS Enterprises

 2002-Present

 James E. Brunner

 58

 Senior Vice President and General Counsel of CMS Energy

 11/2006-Present

 Senior Vice President and General Counsel of Consumers

 11/2006-Present

 Senior Vice President and General Counsel of CMS Enterprises

 11/2007-Present

 Director of CMS Enterprises

 2006-Present

 Senior Vice President of CMS Enterprises

 2006-11/2007

 29

Table of Contents

 Name

 Age

 Position

 Period

 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance
 Officer of CMS Energy

 5/2006-11/2006

 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Chief Compliance
 Officer of Consumers

 5/2006-11/2006

 Senior Vice President and General Counsel of CMS Energy

 2/2006-5/2006

 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Interim Chief
 Compliance Officer of Consumers

 2/2006-5/2006

 Vice President and General Counsel of Consumers

 7/2004-2/2006

 John M. Butler*

 46

 Senior Vice President of CMS Energy

 2006-Present

 Senior Vice President of Consumers

 2006-Present

 Senior Vice President of CMS Enterprises

 2006-Present

 David G. Mengebier

 53

 Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer of CMS Energy

 11/2006-Present

 Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance Officer of Consumers

 11/2006-Present

 Senior Vice President of CMS Enterprises

 2003-Present

 Senior Vice President of CMS Energy

 2001-11/2006

 Senior Vice President of Consumers

 2001-11/2006

 William E. Garrity

 62

 Senior Vice President of Consumers

 2005-Present

 Jackson L. Hanson

 54

 Senior Vice President of Consumers

 5/2010-Present

 Vice President of Consumers

 11/2006-5/2010

 Plant and Site Business Manager of Consumers

 4/2006-11/2006

 Daniel J. Malone

 50

 Senior Vice President of Consumers

 5/2010-Present

 Vice President of Consumers

 6/2008-5/2010

 Site Business Manager of Consumers

 12/2006-6/2008

 Manager of Equipment Services of Consumers

 8/2006-12/2006

 Glenn P. Barba

 45

 Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of CMS
 Energy

 2003-Present

 Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of
 Consumers

 2003-Present

 Vice President, Controller and Chief Accounting Officer of CMS
 Enterprises

 11/2007-Present

 Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer of CMS Enterprises

 2003-11/2007

 * 

 From 2004 until June 2006, Mr. Butler was Human Resources
 Director, Manufacturing and Engineering at Dow Chemical Company,
 a non-affiliated company.

 There are no family relationships among executive officers and
 directors of Consumers.

 The term of office of each of the executive officers extends to
 the first meeting of the Board of Directors of Consumers after
 the next annual election of Directors of Consumers (scheduled to
 be held on May 20, 2011).

 AVAILABLE
 INFORMATION

 CMS Energy’s internet address is www.cmsenergy.com.
 Information contained on CMS Energy’s website is not
 incorporated herein. All of CMS Energy’s annual reports on
 Form 10-K,
 quarterly reports on

Form 10-Q,
 current reports on

Form 8-K,
 and amendments to those reports filed pursuant to
 Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act

 30

Table of Contents

 are accessible free of charge on CMS Energy’s website.
 These reports are available soon after they are filed
 electronically with the SEC. Also on CMS Energy’s website
 are its:

 • 

 Corporate Governance Principles;

 • 

 Codes of Conduct (CMS Energy Corporation/Consumers Energy
 Company Board of Directors Code of Conduct — 2010 and
 Code of Conduct and Guide to Ethical Business Behavior 2010);

 • 

 Board committee charters (including the Audit Committee, the
 Compensation and Human Resources Committee, the Finance
 Committee, and the Governance and Public Responsibility
 Committee); and

 • 

 Articles of Incorporation (and amendments) and Bylaws.

 CMS Energy will provide this information in print to any
 stockholder who requests it.

 Any materials CMS Energy files with the SEC may also be read and
 copied at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at
 100 F Street, NE, Washington D.C., 20549. Information
 on the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by
 calling the SEC at
 1-800-SEC-0330.
 The SEC also maintains an internet site that contains reports,
 proxy and information statements, and other information
 regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. The
 address is www.sec.gov.

 31

Table of Contents



 Actual results in future periods for CMS Energy and Consumers
 could differ materially from historical results and the
 forward-looking statements contained in this report. Factors
 that might cause or contribute to these differences include, but
 are not limited to, those discussed in the following sections.
 CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses are influenced
 by many factors that are difficult to predict, that involve
 uncertainties that may materially affect results, and that are
 often beyond their control. Additional risks and uncertainties
 not presently known or that the companies’ management
 believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect the
 companies. The risk factors described in the following sections,
 as well as the other information included in this report and in
 other documents filed with the SEC, should be considered
 carefully before making an investment in securities of CMS
 Energy or Consumers. Risk factors of Consumers are also risk
 factors of CMS Energy. All of these risk factors are potentially
 significant.

 CMS
 Energy depends on dividends from its subsidiaries to meet its
 debt service obligations.

 Due to its holding company structure, CMS Energy depends on
 dividends from its subsidiaries to meet its debt service and
 other payment obligations. Restrictions contained in
 Consumers’ preferred stock provisions and other legal
 restrictions, such as certain terms in its articles of
 incorporation and FERC requirements, limit Consumers’
 ability to pay dividends or acquire its own stock from CMS
 Energy. At December 31, 2010, Consumers had
 $404 million of unrestricted retained earnings available to
 pay common stock dividends. If sufficient dividends are not paid
 to CMS Energy by its subsidiaries, CMS Energy may not be able to
 generate the funds necessary to fulfill its payment obligations,
 which could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s
 liquidity and financial condition.

 CMS
 Energy has indebtedness that could limit its financial
 flexibility and hence its ability to meet its debt service
 obligations.

 At December 31, 2010, CMS Energy, including Consumers, had
 $7.2 billion aggregate principal amount of indebtedness,
 including $29 million of subordinated indebtedness relating
 to its convertible preferred securities. CMS Energy had
 $2.3 billion aggregate principal amount of indebtedness at
 December 31, 2010. At December 31, 2010, there were no
 borrowings and $3 million of letters of credit outstanding
 under CMS Energy’s revolving credit agreement. CMS Energy
 and its subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness in the
 future.

 The level of CMS Energy’s present and future indebtedness
 could have several important effects on its future operations,
 including, among others:

 • 

 a significant portion of CMS Energy’s cash flow from
 operations could be dedicated to the payment of principal and
 interest on its indebtedness and would not be available for
 other purposes;

 • 

 covenants contained in CMS Energy’s existing debt
 arrangements, which require it to meet certain financial tests,
 could affect its flexibility in planning for, and reacting to,
 changes in its business;

 • 

 CMS Energy’s ability to obtain additional financing for
 working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and general
 corporate and other purposes could become limited;

 • 

 CMS Energy could be placed at a competitive disadvantage to its
 competitors that are less leveraged;

 • 

 CMS Energy’s vulnerability to adverse economic and industry
 conditions could increase; and

 • 

 CMS Energy’s future credit ratings could fluctuate.

 CMS Energy’s ability to meet its debt service obligations
 and to reduce its total indebtedness will depend on its future
 performance, which will be subject to general economic
 conditions, industry cycles, changes in laws or regulatory
 decisions (including with respect to environmental matters), and
 financial, business, and other factors affecting its operations,
 many of which are beyond its control. CMS Energy cannot make
 assurances that its business will continue to generate
 sufficient cash flow from operations to service its
 indebtedness. If CMS Energy is unable to generate sufficient
 cash flows from operations, it may be required to sell assets or
 obtain additional financing. CMS Energy cannot ensure that
 additional financing will be available on commercially
 acceptable terms or at all.

 32

Table of Contents

 CMS
 Energy cannot predict the outcome of regulatory reviews and
 claims regarding its participation in the development of Bay
 Harbor.

 The EPA and the MDNRE have not completed their review of
 proposals by CMS Land and CMS Capital to remedy the flow of
 leachate from buried CKD piles at the Bay Harbor site to Lake
 Michigan and related environmental issues. One of the major
 issues to be resolved is determining a long-term solution to the
 disposal of leachate collected at the site. In December 2010,
 the MDNRE issued a five-year NPDES permit that authorizes CMS
 Land to discharge treated leachate into Little Traverse Bay.
 Costs to treat and discharge collected leachate under this
 permit could exceed those that are presently anticipated.
 Additionally, CMS Land and CMS Capital could be required to
 alter their present water disposal strategy upon expiration of
 this permit if the MDNRE or EPA identify a more suitable option,
 or if the permit itself is challenged before the MDNRE or the
 courts. CMS Land and CMS Capital, the MDNRE, the EPA, and other
 parties continue to negotiate the long-term remedy for the Bay
 Harbor site. These negotiations are focused on, among other
 things, issues related to:

 • 

 the disposal of leachate;

 • 

 the capping and excavation of CKD;

 • 

 the location and design of collection lines and upstream water
 diversion systems;

 • 

 application of criteria for various substances such as
 mercury; and

 • 

 other matters that are likely to affect the scope of remedial
 work that CMS Land and CMS Capital may be obligated to undertake.

 Depending on the results of these negotiations, as well as the
 size of any indemnity obligation or liability under an
 Administrative Order on Consent signed by CMS Land and CMS
 Capital or other liability under environmental laws, adverse
 outcomes of some or all of these matters could have a material
 adverse effect on CMS Energy’s liquidity and financial
 condition and could negatively affect CMS Energy’s
 financial results.

 CMS
 Energy could be affected adversely by a regulatory investigation
 and civil lawsuits regarding pricing information that CMS MST
 and CMS Field Services provided to market
 publications.

 In 2002, CMS Energy notified appropriate regulatory and
 governmental agencies that some employees at CMS MST and CMS
 Field Services appeared to have provided inaccurate information
 regarding natural gas trades to various energy industry
 publications which compile and report index prices. CMS Energy
 is cooperating with an ongoing investigation by the DOJ
 regarding this matter. CMS Energy is unable to predict the
 outcome of the DOJ investigation or the amount of any fines or
 penalties that may be imposed and what effect, if any, the
 investigation will have on CMS Energy.

 CMS Energy, CMS MST, CMS Field Services, Cantera Natural Gas,
 Inc., and Cantera Gas Company were named as defendants in
 various lawsuits arising as a result of alleged false natural
 gas price reporting. Allegations included manipulation of NYMEX
 natural gas futures and options prices, price-fixing
 conspiracies, and artificial inflation of natural gas retail
 prices in Colorado, Kansas, Missouri, Tennessee, and Wisconsin.
 CMS Energy cannot predict the outcome of the lawsuits or the
 amount of damages for which CMS Energy may be liable. It is
 possible that the outcome in one or more of the lawsuits could
 have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s liquidity,
 financial condition, and results of operations.

 CMS
 Energy and Consumers retain contingent liabilities in connection
 with their asset sales.

 The agreements that CMS Energy and Consumers enter into for the
 sale of assets customarily include provisions whereby they are
 required to:

 • 

 retain specified preexisting liabilities, such as for taxes,
 pensions, or environmental conditions;

 • 

 indemnify the buyers against specified risks, including the
 inaccuracy of representations and warranties they make; and

 33

Table of Contents

 • 

 make payments to the buyers depending on the outcome of
 post-closing adjustments, litigation, audits, or other reviews,
 including claims resulting from attempts by foreign or domestic
 governments to assess taxes on past operations or transactions.

 Many of these contingent liabilities can remain open for
 extended periods of time after the sales are closed. Depending
 on the extent to which the buyers may ultimately seek to enforce
 their rights under these contractual provisions, and the
 resolution of any disputes concerning them, there could be a
 material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s or Consumers’
 liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations.

 CMS
 Energy and Consumers have financing needs and could be unable to
 obtain bank financing or access the capital markets. Potential
 disruption in the capital and credit markets could have a
 material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’
 businesses, including the availability and cost of short-term
 funds for liquidity requirements and their ability to meet
 long-term commitments. These consequences could have a material
 adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’
 liquidity, financial condition, and results of
 operations.

 CMS Energy and Consumers may be subject to liquidity demands
 under commercial commitments, guarantees, indemnities, and
 letters of credit. Consumers’ capital requirements are
 expected to be substantial over the next several years as it
 implements generation and environmental projects, and those
 requirements may increase if additional laws or regulations are
 adopted or implemented regarding greenhouse gases, including
 carbon dioxide.

 CMS Energy and Consumers rely on the capital markets,
 particularly for publicly offered debt, as well as on bank
 syndications, to meet their financial commitments and short-term
 liquidity needs if internal funds are not available from CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ respective operations. CMS
 Energy and Consumers also use letters of credit issued under
 certain of their revolving credit facilities to support certain
 operations and investments.

 Longer term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a
 result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced
 alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions
 could adversely affect CMS Energy’s and Consumers’
 access to liquidity needed for their respective businesses. Any
 disruption could require CMS Energy and Consumers to take
 measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until
 alternative credit arrangements or other funding for their
 business needs can be arranged. These measures could include
 deferring capital expenditures, changing CMS Energy’s and
 Consumers’ commodity purchasing strategy to avoid
 collateral-posting requirements, and reducing or eliminating
 future share repurchases, dividend payments, or other
 discretionary uses of cash.

 CMS Energy continues to explore financing opportunities to
 supplement its financial plan. These potential opportunities
 include refinancing
 and/or
 issuing new capital markets debt, preferred stock

and/or
 common equity, and bank financing. Similarly, Consumers plans to
 seek funds through the capital markets, commercial lenders, and
 leasing arrangements. Entering into new financings is subject in
 part to capital market receptivity to utility industry
 securities in general and to CMS Energy’s and
 Consumers’ securities issuances in particular. CMS Energy
 and Consumers cannot guarantee the capital markets’
 acceptance of their securities or predict the impact of factors
 beyond their control, such as actions of rating agencies. If CMS
 Energy or Consumers is unable to obtain bank financing or access
 the capital markets to incur or refinance indebtedness, or is
 unable to obtain commercially reasonable terms for any
 financing, there could be a material adverse effect on its
 liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations.

 Certain of CMS Energy’s securities and those of its
 affiliates, including Consumers, are rated by various credit
 rating agencies. Any reduction or withdrawal of one or more of
 its credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on CMS
 Energy’s or Consumers’ ability to access capital on
 acceptable terms and maintain commodity lines of credit, could
 make its cost of borrowing higher, and could cause CMS Energy or
 Consumers to reduce its capital expenditures. If it is unable to
 maintain commodity lines of credit, CMS Energy or Consumers may
 have to post collateral or make prepayments to certain of its
 suppliers under existing contracts. Further, since Consumers
 provides dividends to CMS Energy, any adverse developments
 affecting Consumers that result in a lowering of its credit
 ratings could have an adverse effect on CMS Energy’s credit
 ratings. CMS Energy and Consumers cannot

 34

Table of Contents

 guarantee that any of their present ratings will remain in
 effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be
 lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency.

 CMS
 Energy and Consumers could incur additional significant costs to
 comply with environmental requirements.

 CMS Energy, Consumers, and their subsidiaries are subject to
 costly and increasingly stringent environmental regulations.
 They believe that environmental laws and regulations related to
 flue gas emissions, ash disposal, and cooling water use will
 continue to become more stringent and require them to make
 additional significant capital expenditures for emissions
 control equipment installation and upgrades.

 In 2009, the EPA issued an endangerment finding for greenhouse
 gases under the Clean Air Act. In this finding, which has been
 challenged in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C.
 Circuit by numerous parties, the EPA determined that present and
 projected atmospheric concentrations of six greenhouse gases
 threaten the public health and welfare of present and future
 generations. In May 2010, the EPA issued a final rule that
 addresses greenhouse gas emissions from stationary sources under
 the Clean Air Act permitting programs. The “tailoring
 rule” sets thresholds for greenhouse gas emissions that
 define when permits under the NSR and Title V programs are
 required for new and existing industrial facilities. This
 regulation took effect in January 2011. Comprehensive federal
 legislation that addresses greenhouse gases has not advanced in
 the U.S. Congress. Federal legislation is considered likely
 to be enacted in some form in the future and could have a
 significant impact on the operation and cost of existing and
 future fossil-fueled power plants.

 In 2010, a significant percentage of the energy generated by
 Consumers came from fossil-fueled power plants. The emissions
 from fossil-fueled power plants would be subject to greenhouse
 gas regulations. CMS Enterprises also has interests in
 fossil-fueled power plants and other types of power plants that
 produce greenhouse gases. Federal laws and rules limiting the
 emission of greenhouse gases or similar state laws and rules, if
 enacted, as well as international accords and treaties, could
 require CMS Energy and Consumers to install additional equipment
 for emission controls, purchase carbon emissions allowances,
 curtail operations, invest in non-fossil-fuel generating
 capacity, or take other significant steps to manage or lower the
 emission of greenhouse gases. The following risks related to
 climate change could also have a material adverse impact on CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial
 condition, and results of operations:

 • 

 litigation originated by third parties against CMS Energy,
 Consumers, or their subsidiaries due to CMS Energy’s or
 Consumers’ greenhouse gas emissions;

 • 

 impairment of CMS Energy’s or Consumers’ reputation
 due to its greenhouse gas emissions and public perception of its
 response to potential greenhouse gas regulations, rules, and
 legislation; and

 • 

 extreme weather conditions, such as severe storms, that may
 affect customer demand, company operations, or assets.

 The EPA is considering regulating CCBs, such as coal ash, as
 hazardous wastes under the Resource Conservation and Recovery
 Act. Michigan already regulates CCBs as low-hazard industrial
 waste. If coal ash is regulated as a hazardous waste, Consumers
 would likely cease the beneficial re-use of this product,
 resulting in significantly more coal ash requiring costly
 disposal. Additionally, it is possible that existing landfills
 could be closed if the upgrades to hazardous waste landfill
 standards are economically prohibitive. Costs associated with
 this potential regulation could be substantial.

 The EPA is revising regulations that govern cooling water intake
 structures aimed at protecting aquatic life. Costs associated
 with these revisions could be material to CMS Energy, Consumers,
 and CMS Enterprises and result in operational changes or the
 retirement of certain generating units.

 CMS Energy and Consumers expect to collect fully from their
 customers, through the ratemaking process, expenditures incurred
 to comply with environmental regulations. If Consumers were
 unable to recover these expenditures from customers in rates, it
 could negatively affect CMS Energy’s
 and/or
 Consumers’ liquidity, results of operations, and financial
 condition and CMS Energy

and/or
 Consumers could be required to seek significant additional
 financing to fund these expenditures.

 35

Table of Contents

 CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses could be affected
 adversely by any delay in meeting environmental
 requirements.

 A delay or failure by CMS Energy or Consumers to obtain or
 maintain any necessary environmental permits or approvals to
 satisfy any applicable environmental regulatory requirements or
 install emission control equipment could:

 • 

 prevent the construction of new facilities;

 • 

 prevent the continued operation and sale of energy from existing
 facilities;

 • 

 prevent the modification of existing facilities; or

 • 

 result in significant additional costs that could have a
 material adverse effect on their liquidity, financial condition,
 or results of operations.

 Market
 performance and other changes could decrease the value of
 benefit plan assets, which then could require significant
 funding.

 The performance of the capital markets affects the values of
 assets that are held in trust to satisfy future obligations
 under CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ pension and
 postretirement benefit plans. CMS Energy and Consumers have
 significant obligations under these plans and hold significant
 assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market
 fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall
 below CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ forecasted return
 rates. A decline in the market value of the assets or a change
 in the level of interest rates used to measure the required
 minimum funding levels may increase the funding requirements of
 these obligations. Also, changes in demographics, including
 increased number of retirements or changes in life expectancy
 assumptions, may increase the funding requirements of the
 obligations related to the pension and postretirement benefit
 plans. If CMS Energy and Consumers were unable to manage their
 pension and postretirement plan assets successfully, it could
 have a material adverse effect on their liquidity, financial
 condition, and results of operations.

 Periodic
 reviews of the values of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’
 assets could result in accounting charges.

 CMS Energy and Consumers are required by GAAP to review
 periodically the carrying value of their assets, including those
 that may be sold. Market conditions, the operational
 characteristics of their assets, and other factors could result
 in recording impairment charges for their assets, which could
 have an adverse effect on their stockholders’ equity and
 their access to additional financing. In addition, CMS Energy
 and Consumers may be required to record impairment charges at
 the time they sell assets, depending on the sale prices they are
 able to secure and other factors.

 CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses have safety
 risks.

 Consumers’ electric and gas delivery systems, power plants,
 gas infrastructure, and energy products could be involved in
 accidents that result in injury or property loss to customers,
 employees, or the public. Although CMS Energy and Consumers have
 insurance coverage for many potential incidents, depending upon
 the nature or severity of any incident or accident, CMS Energy
 or Consumers could suffer financial loss, damage to its
 reputation, and negative repercussions from regulatory agencies
 or other public authorities.

 CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ revenues and results of
 operations are subject to risks that are beyond their control,
 including but not limited to natural disasters, terrorist
 attacks or related acts of war, hostile cyber intrusions, or
 other catastrophic events.

 The impact of natural disasters, wars, terrorist acts, cyber
 intrusions, and other catastrophic events on the facilities and
 operations of CMS Energy and Consumers could have a material
 adverse affect on their liquidity, financial condition, and
 results of operations. A terrorist attack on physical
 infrastructure or a major natural disaster could result in
 severe damage to CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ assets
 beyond what could be recovered through insurance policies.
 Hostile cyber intrusions, including those targeting information
 systems as well as electronic control systems used at the
 generating plants and for the electric and gas distribution
 systems, could severely disrupt

 36

Table of Contents

 business operations and result in loss of service to customers,
 as well as significant expense to repair security breaches or
 system damage. Terrorist attacks or acts of war could result in
 the disruption of power and fuel markets that could increase
 costs or disrupt service. Instability in the financial markets
 as a result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, credit crises,
 recessions, or other factors, could have a material adverse
 effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity,
 financial condition, and results of operations.

 CMS
 Energy and Consumers are exposed to significant reputational
 risks.

 Consumers is actively engaged in multiple regulatory oversight
 processes and has a large electric and gas customer base. As a
 result, Consumers has a highly visible public profile in
 Michigan. Consumers and CMS Energy could suffer negative impacts
 to their reputations as a result of operational incidents,
 violations of corporate compliance policies, regulatory
 violations, or other events. This could have a material adverse
 effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity,
 financial condition, and results of operations. It could also
 result in negative customer perception and increased regulatory
 oversight.

 Energy
 risk management strategies may not be effective in managing fuel
 and electricity pricing risks, which could result in
 unanticipated liabilities to Consumers and CMS Energy or
 increased volatility of their earnings.

 Consumers is exposed to changes in market prices for natural
 gas, coal, electricity, emission allowances, and RECs. Prices
 for natural gas, coal, electricity, emission allowances, and
 RECs may fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods
 of time and expose Consumers to commodity price risk. A
 substantial portion of Consumers’ operating expenses for
 its plants consists of the costs of obtaining these commodities.
 Consumers manages these risks using established policies and
 procedures, and it may use various contracts to manage these
 risks, including swaps, options, futures, and forward contracts.
 No assurance can be made that these strategies will be
 successful in managing Consumers’ pricing risk or that they
 will not result in net liabilities to Consumers as a result of
 future volatility in these markets.

 Natural gas prices in particular have been historically
 volatile. Consumers routinely enters into contracts to mitigate
 exposure to the risks of demand, market effects of weather, and
 changes in commodity prices associated with its gas distribution
 business. These contracts are executed in conjunction with the
 GCR mechanism, which is designed to allow Consumers to recover
 prudently incurred costs associated with those positions.
 Consumers does not always hedge the entire exposure of its
 operations from commodity price volatility. Furthermore, the
 ability to hedge exposure to commodity price volatility depends
 on liquid commodity markets. As a result, to the extent the
 commodity markets are illiquid, Consumers may not be able to
 execute its risk management strategies, which could result in
 greater unhedged positions than preferred at a given time. To
 the extent that unhedged positions exist, fluctuating commodity
 prices could have a negative effect on CMS Energy’s and
 Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of
 operations.

 Changes
 in taxation as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying
 potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively
 impact CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ results of
 operations.

 CMS Energy and Consumers are required to make judgments
 regarding the potential tax effects of various financial
 transactions and results of operations in order to estimate
 their obligations to taxing authorities. The tax obligations
 include income, real estate, sales and use taxes,
 employment-related taxes, and ongoing issues related to these
 tax matters. The judgments include determining reserves for
 potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have
 been taken and may be subject to challenge by the IRS
 and/or other
 taxing authorities. Unfavorable settlements of any of the issues
 related to these reserves at CMS Energy or Consumers could have
 a material adverse effect on its liquidity, financial condition,
 and results of operations.

 CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to changing tax laws.
 Increases in local, state, or federal tax rates or other changes
 in tax laws could have adverse impacts on their liquidity,
 financial condition, and results of operations.

 37

Table of Contents

 Consumers
 is exposed to risks related to general economic conditions in
 its service territories.

 Consumers’ electric and gas utility businesses are affected
 by the economic conditions of the customers they serve. In
 Consumers’ service territories in Michigan, the economy has
 been affected adversely by economic and financial instability in
 the automotive and real estate sectors and by relatively high
 unemployment. The Michigan economy also has been affected
 negatively by the uncertainty in the financial and credit
 markets. If economic conditions in Michigan decline further,
 Consumers may experience reduced demand for electricity or
 natural gas that could result in decreased earnings and cash
 flow. In addition, economic conditions in Consumers’
 service territory affect its collections of accounts receivable
 and levels of lost or stolen gas, which in turn impact its
 liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations.

 CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ energy sales and operations
 are affected by seasonal factors and varying weather conditions
 from year to year.

 CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses are seasonal.
 Demand for electricity is greater in the summer cooling season
 and the winter heating season. Demand for natural gas peaks in
 the winter heating season. Accordingly, their overall results in
 the future may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. Mild
 temperatures during the summer cooling season and winter heating
 season could have a material adverse affect on CMS Energy’s
 and Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results
 of operations.

 Unplanned
 power plant outages could be costly for Consumers.

 When unplanned maintenance work is required on power plants or
 other equipment, Consumers may be required to incur unplanned
 expenses and to make spot market purchases of electricity that
 exceed its costs of generation. If Consumers were unable to
 recover any of these increased costs in rates, it could have a
 material adverse effect on Consumers’ liquidity, financial
 condition, and results of operations.

 A work
 interruption or other union actions could adversely affect CMS
 Energy and Consumers.

 Over 40 percent of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’
 employees are represented by a union. If these employees were to
 engage in a strike, work stoppage, or other slowdown, or if the
 terms and conditions in future labor agreements were
 renegotiated, CMS Energy and Consumers could experience a
 significant disruption in their operations and higher ongoing
 labor costs.

 Failure
 to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could
 harm CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ results of
 operations.

 If CMS Energy and Consumers were unable to match skill sets to
 future needs, they could encounter operating challenges and
 increased costs. These challenges could include a lack of
 resources, loss of knowledge, and delays in skill development.
 Additionally, higher costs could result from the use of
 contractors to replace employees, loss of productivity, and
 safety incidents. Failing to train replacement employees
 adequately and to transfer internal knowledge and expertise
 could affect CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ ability to
 manage and operate their businesses. If CMS Energy and Consumers
 were unable to attract and retain an appropriately qualified
 workforce, their results of operations could be affected
 negatively.

 Consumers
 may not be able to obtain an adequate supply of coal or natural
 gas, which could limit its ability to operate its electric
 generation facilities or serve its natural gas
 customers.

 Consumers is dependent on coal for a significant portion of its
 electric generating capacity. While Consumers has coal supply
 and transportation contracts in place, there can be no assurance
 that the counterparties to these agreements will fulfill their
 obligations to supply coal to Consumers. The suppliers under the
 agreements may experience financial or operational problems that
 inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations to Consumers.
 In addition, suppliers under these agreements may not be
 required to supply coal to Consumers under certain
 circumstances, such as in the event of a natural disaster. If
 Consumers were unable to obtain its coal requirements under
 existing or future coal supply and transportation contracts, it
 may be required to purchase coal at higher

 38

Table of Contents

 prices, or it may be forced to purchase electricity from higher
 cost generating resources in the Midwest Energy Market, which
 would increase Consumers’ working capital requirements.

 Consumers has firm interstate transportation and supply
 agreements in place to facilitate deliveries of natural gas to
 its customers. Apart from the contractual and monetary remedies
 available to Consumers in the event of a counterparty’s
 failure to perform, there can be no assurances that the
 counterparties to these firm interstate transportation and
 supply agreements will fulfill their obligations to provide
 natural gas to Consumers. In addition, suppliers under these
 agreements may not be required to deliver natural gas to
 Consumers in certain circumstances, such as in the event of a
 natural disaster. If Consumers were unable to obtain its natural
 gas supply requirements under existing or future natural gas
 supply and transportation contracts, it could be required to
 purchase natural gas at higher prices from other sources or
 implement its natural gas curtailment program filed with the
 MPSC, which would increase Consumers’ working capital
 requirements and decrease its natural gas revenues.

 Electric
 industry regulation could have a material adverse effect on CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses.

 Federal and state regulation of electric utilities has changed
 dramatically in the last two decades and could continue to
 change over the next several years. These changes could have a
 material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’
 liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations.

 CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to, or affected by,
 extensive federal and state utility regulation. In CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ business planning and
 management of operations, they must address the effects of
 existing and proposed regulation on their businesses and changes
 in the regulatory framework, including initiatives by federal
 and state legislatures, regional transmission organizations,
 utility regulators, and taxing authorities. Adoption of new
 regulations by federal or state agencies, or changes to present
 regulations and interpretations of these regulations, could have
 a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and
 Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of
 operations.

 There are multiple proceedings pending before FERC involving
 transmission rates, regional transmission organizations, and
 electric bulk power markets and transmission. CMS Energy and
 Consumers cannot predict the impact of these electric industry
 restructuring proceedings on their liquidity, financial
 condition, and results of operations.

 Electric
 industry legislation could have a material adverse effect on CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses.

 The 2008 Energy Legislation, among other things, limits
 alternative electric supply to ten percent of weather-adjusted
 retail sales for the preceding calendar year for ROA. Proposals
 have been made to raise that limit, which, if enacted, could
 have a material adverse effect on Consumers’ business.
 Proposals also have been made to increase the electric sales
 volume that will be required from renewable energy sources.
 Other new legislation or interpretations could change how the
 businesses of CMS Energy and Consumers operate, impact the
 ability of Consumers to recover costs through rate increases, or
 require CMS Energy or Consumers to incur additional expenses.

 The
 markets for alternative energy and distributed generation could
 impact financial results.

 Advances in technology could reduce the cost of alternative
 methods of producing electricity, such as fuel cells,
 microturbines, windmills, and photovoltaic (solar) cells, to a
 level that is competitive with that of fossil-fuel technology
 utilized by CMS Energy and Consumers to produce a majority of
 their electricity. It is also possible that electric customers
 could reduce their electric consumption significantly through
 demand-side energy conservation programs. Changes in technology
 could also alter the channels through which electric customers
 buy electricity. Any of these changes could have a material
 adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’
 liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations.

 39

Table of Contents

 CMS
 Energy and Consumers are subject to rate regulation, which could
 have an adverse effect on financial results.

 CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to rate regulation.
 Electric and gas rates for their utilities are set by the MPSC
 and cannot be increased without regulatory authorization. While
 Consumers is permitted by the 2008 Energy Legislation to
 self-implement rate changes six months after a rate filing with
 the MPSC, subject to certain limitations, if a final rate order
 from the MPSC provides for lower rates than Consumers
 self-implemented, Consumers must refund the difference, with
 interest. Also, the MPSC may delay or deny implementation of a
 rate increase upon showing of good cause.

 In addition, Consumers’ plans for making significant
 capital investments, including modifications to meet new
 environmental requirements and investment in new generation,
 could be affected adversely or could have a material adverse
 effect on Consumers if rate regulators fail to provide timely
 rate relief. Regulators seeking to avoid or minimize rate
 increases could resist raising customer rates sufficiently to
 permit Consumers to recover the full cost of modifications to
 meet environmental requirements and other prudent investments.
 In addition, because certain costs are mandated by state
 requirements for cost recovery, such as resource additions to
 meet Michigan’s renewable resource standard, regulators
 could be more inclined to oppose rate increases for other
 required items and investments. Rate regulators could also face
 pressure to avoid or limit rate increases for a number of
 reasons, including failure of Michigan’s economy to improve
 or diminishment of Consumers’ customer base. In addition to
 potentially affecting Consumers’ investment program, any
 limitation of cost recovery through rates could have a material
 adverse effect on Consumers’ liquidity, financial
 condition, and results of operations.

 A further regulatory risk could arise from the MPSC’s
 adoption of mechanisms to decouple revenues from electricity and
 gas sales. The MPSC’s adoption or future treatment of these
 mechanisms could impact future revenues.

 FERC authorizes certain subsidiaries of CMS Energy to sell
 electricity at market-based rates. Failure of CMS Energy and
 Consumers to obtain adequate rates or regulatory approvals in a
 timely manner could have a material adverse effect on CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial
 condition, and results of operations.

 The various risks associated with the MPSC and FERC regulation
 of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses, which
 include the risk of adverse decisions in any number of rate or
 regulatory proceedings before either agency, could have a
 substantial negative effect on the companies’ investment
 plans and results of operations.

 CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ financial statements,
 including their reported earnings, could be significantly
 impacted by convergence with International Financial Reporting
 Standards.

 The FASB is expected to make broad changes to GAAP as part of an
 overall initiative to converge U.S. standards with
 International Financial Reporting Standards. These changes could
 have significant impacts on the financial statements of CMS
 Energy and Consumers. Also, the SEC is considering incorporating
 International Financial Reporting Standards into the financial
 reporting system for U.S. registrants. A transition to
 International Financial Reporting Standards could significantly
 impact CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ financial results,
 since these standards differ from GAAP in many ways. One of the
 major differences is the lack of special accounting treatment
 for regulated activities under International Financial Reporting
 Standards, which could result in greater earnings volatility for
 CMS Energy and Consumers.

 CMS
 Energy and Consumers are exposed to credit risk of those with
 whom they do business.

 CMS Energy and Consumers are exposed to credit risk of
 counterparties with whom they do business. Adverse economic
 conditions or financial difficulties experienced by these
 counterparties could impair the ability of these counterparties
 to pay for CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ services or
 fulfill their contractual obligations, including performance and
 payment of damages. CMS Energy and Consumers depend on these
 counterparties to remit payments and perform services timely.
 Any delay or default in payment or performance of contractual
 obligations could have a material adverse effect on CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial
 condition, and results of operations.

 40

Table of Contents

 In recent years, the capital and credit markets have experienced
 unprecedented high levels of volatility and disruption. Market
 disruption and volatility could have a negative impact on CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ lenders, suppliers, customers,
 and other counterparties, causing them to fail to meet their
 obligations. Adverse economic conditions could also have a
 negative impact on the loan portfolio of CMS Energy’s
 banking subsidiary, EnerBank.

 CMS
 Energy could be required to pay cash to certain security holders
 in connection with the optional conversion of their convertible
 securities.

 CMS Energy has issued two series of cash-convertible securities,
 of which an aggregate principal amount of $460 million was
 outstanding at December 31, 2010. If the trading price of
 CMS Energy’s common stock exceeds specified amounts at the
 end of a particular fiscal quarter, then holders of one or more
 series of these convertible securities will have the option to
 convert their securities in the following fiscal quarter, with
 the principal amount payable in cash by CMS Energy. Accordingly,
 if these trading price minimums are satisfied and security
 holders exercise their conversion rights, CMS Energy may be
 required to outlay a significant amount of cash to those
 security holders, which could have a material adverse effect on
 CMS Energy’s liquidity and financial condition.

 There
 are risks associated with Consumers’ significant capital
 investment program planned for the next five
 years.

 Consumers’ planned investments include an advanced metering
 infrastructure program, renewable power generation, gas
 compression, environmental controls, other electric and gas
 infrastructure to upgrade delivery systems, and, potentially,
 new power plants. The success of these investments depends on or
 could be affected by a variety of factors including, but not
 limited to, effective cost and schedule management during
 implementation, changes in commodity and other prices,
 operational performance, changes in environmental, legislative
 and regulatory requirements, and regulatory cost recovery.
 Consumers cannot predict the impact that any of these factors
 could have on the success of its capital investment program. It
 is possible that adverse events associated with these factors
 could have a material adverse effect on Consumers’
 liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations.