Actual results in future periods for CMS Energy and Consumers could differ materially from historical results and the forward-looking
statements contained in this report. Factors that might cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the following sections. CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses are influenced by many
factors that are difficult to predict, that involve uncertainties that may materially affect results, and that are often beyond their control. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known or that the companies’ management believes to
be immaterial may also adversely affect the companies. The risk factors described in the following sections, as well as the other information included in this report and in other documents filed with the SEC, should be considered carefully before
making an investment in securities of CMS Energy or Consumers. Risk factors of Consumers are also risk factors of CMS Energy. All of these risk factors are potentially significant. 

CMS Energy depends on dividends from its subsidiaries to meet its debt service obligations. 

Due to its holding company structure, CMS Energy depends on dividends from its subsidiaries to meet its debt service and other payment obligations. Consumers’ ability to pay dividends or acquire
its own stock from CMS Energy is limited by restrictions contained in Consumers’ preferred stock provisions and potentially by other legal restrictions, such as certain terms in its articles of incorporation, and by FERC requirements. At
December 31, 2011, under its articles of incorporation, Consumers had $493 million of unrestricted retained earnings available to pay common stock dividends. If sufficient dividends are not paid to CMS Energy by its subsidiaries,
CMS Energy may not be able to generate the funds necessary to fulfill its payment obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s liquidity and financial condition. 

CMS Energy has indebtedness that could limit its financial flexibility and hence its ability to meet its debt service obligations.

At December 31, 2011, CMS Energy, including Consumers, had $7.1 billion aggregate principal amount
of indebtedness, including $29 million of subordinated indebtedness relating to its convertible preferred securities. CMS Energy had $2.3 billion aggregate principal amount of indebtedness at December 31, 2011. At
December 31, 2011, there were no borrowings and $3 million of letters of credit outstanding under CMS Energy’s revolving credit agreement. CMS Energy and its subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness in the future.

The level of CMS Energy’s present and future indebtedness could have several important effects on its future
operations, including, among others: 

•

 a significant portion of CMS Energy’s cash flow from operations could be dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on its
indebtedness and would not be available for other purposes; 

•

 covenants contained in CMS Energy’s existing debt arrangements, which require it to meet certain financial tests, could affect its
flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in its business; 

•

 CMS Energy’s ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, and general corporate and other
purposes could become limited; 

•

 CMS Energy could be placed at a competitive disadvantage to its competitors that are less leveraged; 

•

 CMS Energy’s vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions could increase; and 

•

 CMS Energy’s future credit ratings could fluctuate. 

CMS Energy’s ability to meet its debt service obligations and to reduce its total indebtedness will depend on its future
performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles, changes in laws or regulatory decisions (including with respect to environmental matters), and financial, business, and other factors affecting its operations, many
of which are beyond its control. CMS Energy cannot make assurances that its business will continue to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service its indebtedness. If CMS Energy is unable to generate sufficient cash flows from
operations, it may be required to sell assets or obtain additional financing. CMS Energy cannot ensure that additional financing will be available on commercially acceptable terms or at all. 

29 

Table of Contents

CMS Energy cannot predict the outcome of regulatory reviews and claims regarding its
environmental remediation obligation at Bay Harbor. 

CMS Energy has participated in discussions with the EPA and
the MDEQ relating to proposals by CMS Land and CMS Capital to remedy the flow of leachate from buried CKD piles at the Bay Harbor site to Lake Michigan and related environmental issues. CMS Energy has reached a tentative agreement
with the MDEQ that identifies the final remedies at the site. The parties are awaiting EPA review prior to finalizing the agreement. In December 2010, the MDEQ issued a five-year NPDES permit that authorizes CMS Land to discharge treated
leachate into Little Traverse Bay. Discharge of treated leachate at the site has commenced. Costs to treat and discharge collected leachate under this permit could exceed present expectations. Additionally, CMS Land and CMS Capital could
be required to alter their present water disposal strategy upon expiration of this permit if the MDEQ or EPA identify a more suitable option, or if the permit itself is challenged before the MDEQ or the courts. CMS Land and CMS Capital,
the MDEQ, the EPA, and other parties continue to negotiate the long-term remedy for the Bay Harbor site. These negotiations are focused on, among other things, issues related to: 

•

 the disposal of leachate; 

•

 the location and design of collection lines and upstream water diversion systems; 

•

 application of criteria for various substances such as mercury; and 

•

 other matters that are likely to affect the scope of remedial work that CMS Land and CMS Capital may be obligated to undertake.

Depending on the results of these negotiations, as well as the size of any indemnity obligation or liability
under an Administrative Order on Consent signed by CMS Land and CMS Capital or other liability under environmental laws, adverse outcomes of some or all of these matters could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s
liquidity and financial condition and could negatively affect CMS Energy’s financial results. 

CMS Energy and Consumers
expect to incur additional significant costs related to remediation of former MGP sites. 

Consumers is presently
monitoring or remediating 23 former MGP sites. Consumers is working collaboratively with the MDEQ to agree upon executable remediation plans. About one-third of the 23 sites have been remediated to the extent possible and are now being monitored.
The remaining sites are being actively remediated through excavation, treatment at the site, containment, and/or natural reduction; two of these sites require complex remediation plans due to the involvement of surface water. 

The MDEQ established a “No Further Action” status for these sites in late 2010 and is presently overhauling the implementation
of the 2010 statutory revisions with a focus on streamlining the process, reasonable and consistent implementation, and risk-based techniques. 

CMS Energy and Consumers expect to incur additional significant costs related to the remediation of these former MGP sites. Based upon prior MPSC orders, Consumers expects to be able to recover the costs
of these cleanup activities through its gas rates, but cannot guarantee that outcome. 

CMS Energy could be affected adversely by a
regulatory investigation and civil lawsuits regarding pricing information that CMS MST and CMS Field Services provided to market publications. 

In 2002, CMS Energy notified appropriate regulatory and governmental agencies that some employees at CMS MST and CMS Field Services appeared to have provided inaccurate information
regarding natural gas trades to various energy industry publications which compile and report index prices. CMS Energy has cooperated with the DOJ’s investigation regarding this matter. CMS Energy is unable to predict the outcome of
the DOJ investigation or the amount of any fines or penalties that may be imposed and what effect, if any, the investigation will have on CMS Energy. 

CMS Energy, CMS MST, CMS Field Services, Cantera Natural Gas, Inc., and Cantera Gas Company were named as defendants in various lawsuits arising as a result of alleged false natural
gas price reporting. 

30 

Table of Contents

Allegations included manipulation of NYMEX natural gas futures and options prices, price-fixing conspiracies, and artificial inflation of natural gas retail prices in Colorado, Kansas, Missouri,
and Wisconsin. CMS Energy cannot predict the outcome of the lawsuits or the amount of damages for which CMS Energy may be liable. It is possible that the outcome in one or more of the lawsuits could have a material adverse effect on
CMS Energy’s liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

CMS Energy and Consumers retain contingent
liabilities in connection with their asset sales. 

The agreements that CMS Energy and Consumers enter into for the
sale of assets customarily include provisions whereby they are required to: 

•

 retain specified preexisting liabilities, such as for taxes, pensions, or environmental conditions; 

•

 indemnify the buyers against specified risks, including the inaccuracy of representations and warranties they make; and 

•

 make payments to the buyers depending on the outcome of post-closing adjustments, litigation, audits, or other reviews, including claims resulting from
attempts by foreign or domestic governments to assess taxes on past operations or transactions. 

Many of
these contingent liabilities can remain open for extended periods of time after the sales are closed. Depending on the extent to which the buyers may ultimately seek to enforce their rights under these contractual provisions, and the resolution of
any disputes concerning them, there could be a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s or Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

In January 2002, CMS Energy sold its oil, gas, and methanol investments in Equatorial Guinea. The government of Equatorial Guinea claims that CMS Energy owes $142 million in taxes, plus
interest, in connection with the sale. CMS Energy has concluded that the government’s tax claim is without merit. The government of Equatorial Guinea indicated through a request for arbitration in October 2011 that it still intends to
pursue its claim. CMS Energy is vigorously contesting the claim, and cannot predict the financial impact or outcome of this matter. It is possible that the outcome of this matter could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s
liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

CMS Energy and Consumers have financing needs and could be unable to
obtain bank financing or access the capital markets. Potential disruption in the capital and credit markets could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses, including the availability and cost of
short-term funds for liquidity requirements and their ability to meet long-term commitments. These consequences could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of
operations. 

CMS Energy and Consumers may be subject to liquidity demands under commercial commitments,
guarantees, indemnities, letters of credit, and other contingent liabilities. Consumers’ capital requirements are expected to be substantial over the next several years as it implements renewable power generation and environmental projects, and
those requirements may increase if additional laws or regulations are adopted or implemented. 

CMS Energy and Consumers
rely on the capital markets, particularly for publicly offered debt, as well as on bank syndications, to meet their financial commitments and short-term liquidity needs if internal funds are not available from Consumers’ operations and, in the
case of CMS Energy, dividends from Consumers and its other subsidiaries. CMS Energy and Consumers also use letters of credit issued under certain of their revolving credit facilities to support certain operations and investments. 

Longer term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced
alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ access to liquidity needed for their respective businesses, as could Consumers’ inability to obtain prior FERC
authorization for any securities issuances, including publicly offered debt, as is required under the Federal Power Act. Any disruption or inability to obtain FERC authorization could require CMS Energy and Consumers to take measures to
conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative 

31 

Table of Contents

credit arrangements or other funding for their business needs can be arranged. These measures could include deferring capital expenditures, changing CMS Energy’s and Consumers’
commodity purchasing strategy to avoid collateral-posting requirements, and reducing or eliminating future share repurchases, dividend payments, or other discretionary uses of cash. 

CMS Energy continues to explore financing opportunities to supplement its financial plan. These potential opportunities include
refinancing and/or issuing new capital markets debt, preferred stock and/or common equity, and bank financing. Similarly, Consumers plans to seek funds through the capital markets, commercial lenders, and leasing arrangements. Entering into new
financings is subject in part to capital market receptivity to utility industry securities in general and to CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ securities issuances in particular. CMS Energy and Consumers cannot guarantee the capital
markets’ acceptance of their securities or predict the impact of factors beyond their control, such as actions of rating agencies. If CMS Energy or Consumers is unable to obtain bank financing or access the capital markets to incur or
refinance indebtedness, or is unable to obtain commercially reasonable terms for any financing, there could be a material adverse effect on its liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Certain of CMS Energy’s securities and those of its affiliates, including Consumers, are rated by various credit rating
agencies. Any reduction or withdrawal of one or more of its credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on CMS Energy’s or Consumers’ ability to access capital on acceptable terms and maintain commodity lines of credit, could
make its cost of borrowing higher, and could cause CMS Energy or Consumers to reduce its capital expenditures. If it is unable to maintain commodity lines of credit, CMS Energy or Consumers may have to post collateral or make prepayments
to certain of its suppliers under existing contracts. Further, since Consumers provides dividends to CMS Energy, any adverse developments affecting Consumers that result in a lowering of its credit ratings could have an adverse effect on
CMS Energy’s credit ratings. CMS Energy and Consumers cannot guarantee that any of their present ratings will remain in effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency.

CMS Energy and Consumers could incur significant costs to comply with environmental requirements. 

CMS Energy, Consumers, and their subsidiaries are subject to costly and increasingly stringent environmental regulations. They
believe that environmental laws and regulations related to their operations will continue to become more stringent and require them to make additional significant capital expenditures for emissions control equipment installation and upgrades.

In August 2011, the EPA finalized and promulgated CSAPR as a replacement for CAIR. CSAPR was scheduled to take effect on
January 1, 2012, and CMS Energy and Consumers were prepared to comply. In December 2011, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit issued a stay of CSAPR, and CAIR remains in effect. 

In December 2011, the EPA issued the maximum achievable control technology standard for electric generating units, also known as the
EGU MACT. This final rule, which the EPA has renamed MATS, is expected to have a significant impact on Consumers’ coal-fueled generating fleet. 

In 2009, the EPA issued an endangerment finding for greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act. In this finding, which has been challenged in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit by
numerous parties, the EPA determined that present and projected atmospheric concentrations of six greenhouse gases threaten the public health and welfare of present and future generations. In May 2010, the EPA issued a final rule that addresses
greenhouse gas emissions from stationary sources under the Clean Air Act permitting programs. The “tailoring rule” sets thresholds for greenhouse gas emissions that define when permits under the NSR and Title V programs are required
for new and existing industrial facilities. This regulation took effect in January 2011. Comprehensive federal legislation that addresses greenhouse gases has not advanced in the U.S. Congress. Federal legislation is considered likely to
be enacted in some form in the future and could have a significant impact on the operation and cost of existing and future fossil-fueled power plants. 

In 2011, 98 percent of the energy generated by Consumers came from fossil-fueled power plants, with 87 percent coming from coal-fueled power plants. The emissions from fossil-fueled power plants are
presently subject to greenhouse gas regulations. CMS Enterprises also has interests in fossil-fueled power plants and other 

32 

Table of Contents

types of power plants that produce greenhouse gases. Federal laws and rules limiting the emission of greenhouse gases or similar state laws and rules, if enacted, as well as international accords
and treaties, could require CMS Energy and Consumers to install additional equipment for emission controls, purchase carbon emissions allowances, curtail operations, invest in non-fossil-fuel generating capacity, or take other significant steps
to manage or lower the emission of greenhouse gases. 

The following risks related to climate change and emissions could also
have a material adverse impact on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations: 

•

 litigation originated by third parties against CMS Energy, Consumers, or their subsidiaries due to CMS Energy’s or Consumers’
greenhouse gas or other emissions; 

•

 impairment of CMS Energy’s or Consumers’ reputation due to its greenhouse gas or other emissions and public perception of its response
to potential environmental regulations, rules, and legislation; and 

•

 extreme weather conditions, such as severe storms, that may affect customer demand, company operations, or assets. 

The EPA is considering regulating CCBs, such as coal ash, as hazardous wastes under the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. Michigan
already regulates CCBs as low-hazard industrial waste. If coal ash is regulated as a hazardous waste, Consumers would likely cease the beneficial re-use of this product, resulting in significantly more coal ash requiring costly disposal.
Additionally, it is possible that existing landfills could be closed if the upgrades to hazardous waste landfill standards are economically prohibitive. Costs associated with this potential regulation could be substantial. 

The EPA is revising regulations that govern cooling water intake structures aimed at protecting aquatic life and that govern water
discharges. Costs associated with these revisions could be material to CMS Energy, Consumers, and CMS Enterprises and result in operational changes or possibly significant impacts on the economics of generating units. 

CMS Energy and Consumers expect to collect fully from their customers, through the ratemaking process, expenditures incurred to
comply with environmental regulations, but cannot guarantee this outcome. If Consumers were unable to recover these expenditures from customers in rates, it could negatively affect CMS Energy’s and/or Consumers’ liquidity, results of
operations, and financial condition and CMS Energy and/or Consumers could be required to seek significant additional financing to fund these expenditures. 

CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses could be affected adversely by any delay in meeting environmental requirements. 

A delay or failure by CMS Energy or Consumers to obtain or maintain any necessary environmental permits or approvals to satisfy any
applicable environmental regulatory requirements or install emission control equipment could: 

•

 prevent the construction of new facilities; 

•

 prevent the continued operation and sale of energy from existing facilities; 

•

 prevent the modification of existing facilities; or 

•

 result in significant additional costs that could have a material adverse effect on their liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations.

Market performance and other changes could decrease the value of employee benefit plan assets, which then could
require significant funding. 

The performance of the capital markets affects the values of assets that are held in
trust to satisfy future obligations under CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ pension and postretirement benefit plans. CMS Energy and Consumers have significant obligations under these plans and hold significant assets in these trusts.
These assets 

33 

Table of Contents

are subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ forecasted return rates. A decline in the market value of the
assets or a change in the level of interest rates used to measure the required minimum funding levels may significantly increase the funding requirements of these obligations. Also, changes in demographics, including increased number of retirements
or changes in life expectancy assumptions, may significantly increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and postretirement benefit plans. If CMS Energy and Consumers were unable to manage their pension and
postretirement plan assets successfully, it could have a material adverse effect on their liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Periodic reviews of the values of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ assets could result in impairment charges. 

CMS Energy and Consumers are required by GAAP to review periodically the carrying value of their assets, including those that may be
sold. Market conditions, the operational characteristics of their assets, and other factors could result in recording impairment charges for their assets, which could have an adverse effect on their stockholders’ equity and their access to
additional financing. In addition, CMS Energy and Consumers may be required to record impairment charges at the time they sell assets, depending on the sale prices they are able to secure and other factors. 

CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to information security risks, risks of unauthorized access to their systems, and technology failures.

In the regular course of business, CMS Energy and Consumers handle a range of sensitive security and customer
information. CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to laws and rules issued by various agencies concerning safeguarding and maintaining the confidentiality of this information. A security breach of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’
information systems could involve theft or the inappropriate release of certain types of information, such as confidential customer information or, separately, system operating information. Such events could disrupt operations, subject
CMS Energy and Consumers to possible financial liability, diminish their reputation and the confidence of customers, and have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial conditions, and results
of operations. 

CMS Energy and Consumers operate in a highly regulated industry that requires the continued operation of
sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure. Despite implementation of security measures, CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ technology systems are vulnerable to disability, failures, and unauthorized access.
Those failures or breaches could impact the reliability of electric and gas generation and delivery and also subject CMS Energy and Consumers to financial harm. If CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ technology systems were to fail or be
breached, CMS Energy and Consumers might not be able to fulfill critical business functions, and sensitive confidential and proprietary data could be compromised, which could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and
Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

A variety of technological tools and systems,
including both company-owned information technology and technological services provided by outside parties, support critical functions. The failure of these technologies, or the inability of CMS Energy and Consumers to have these technologies
supported, updated, expanded, or integrated into other technologies, could hinder their business operations and materially adversely affect their liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses have safety risks. 

Consumers’ electric and gas delivery systems, power plants, gas infrastructure, and energy products could be involved in accidents
that result in injury or property loss to customers, employees, or the public. Although CMS Energy and Consumers have insurance coverage for many potential incidents (subject to deductibles and self-insurance amounts that could be material),
depending upon the nature or severity of any incident or accident, CMS Energy or Consumers could suffer financial loss, damage to its reputation, and negative repercussions from regulatory agencies or other public authorities. 

34 

Table of Contents

CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ revenues and results of operations are subject to risks
that are beyond their control, including but not limited to natural disasters, terrorist attacks or related acts of war, hostile cyber intrusions, or other catastrophic events. 

The impact of natural disasters, wars, terrorist acts, cyber intrusions, and other catastrophic events on the facilities and operations of
CMS Energy and Consumers could have a material adverse affect on their liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. A terrorist attack on physical infrastructure or a major natural disaster could result in severe damage to
CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ assets beyond what could be recovered through insurance policies. Hostile cyber intrusions, including those targeting information systems as well as electronic control systems used at the generating plants
and for the electric and gas distribution systems, could severely disrupt business operations and result in loss of service to customers, as well as significant expense to repair security breaches or system damage. Terrorist attacks or acts of war
could result in the disruption of power and fuel markets that could increase costs or disrupt service. Instability in the financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, credit crises, recessions, or other factors, could have a
material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

CMS Energy and Consumers are exposed to significant reputational risks. 

Consumers is actively engaged in multiple regulatory oversight processes and has a large electric and gas customer base. As a result,
Consumers has a highly visible public profile in Michigan. Consumers and CMS Energy could suffer negative impacts to their reputations as a result of operational incidents, violations of corporate compliance policies, regulatory violations, or
other events. This could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. It could also result in negative customer perception and increased regulatory oversight.

Energy risk management strategies may not be effective in managing fuel and electricity pricing risks, which could result in
unanticipated liabilities to CMS Energy and Consumers or increased volatility of their earnings. 

Consumers is
exposed to changes in market prices for natural gas, coal, electricity, emission allowances, and RECs. Prices for natural gas, coal, electricity, emission allowances, and RECs may fluctuate substantially over relatively short periods of time and
expose Consumers to commodity price risk. A substantial portion of Consumers’ operating expenses for its plants consists of the costs of obtaining these commodities. Consumers manages these risks using established policies and procedures, and
it may use various contracts to manage these risks, including swaps, options, futures, and forward contracts. No assurance can be made that these strategies will be successful in managing Consumers’ pricing risk or that they will not result in
net liabilities to Consumers as a result of future volatility in these markets. 

Natural gas prices in particular have been
historically volatile. Consumers routinely enters into contracts to mitigate exposure to the risks of demand, market effects of weather, and changes in commodity prices associated with its gas distribution business. These contracts are executed in
conjunction with the GCR mechanism, which is designed to allow Consumers to recover prudently incurred costs associated with those positions. Consumers does not always hedge the entire exposure of its operations from commodity price volatility.
Furthermore, the ability to hedge exposure to commodity price volatility depends on liquid commodity markets. As a result, to the extent the commodity markets are illiquid, Consumers may not be able to execute its risk management strategies, which
could result in greater unhedged positions than preferred at a given time. To the extent that unhedged positions exist, fluctuating commodity prices could have a negative effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial
condition, and results of operations. 

Changes in taxation as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying potential tax effects of
business decisions could negatively impact CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ results of operations. 

CMS Energy and Consumers are required to make judgments regarding the potential tax effects of various financial transactions and
results of operations in order to estimate their obligations to taxing authorities. The tax obligations include income, real estate, sales and use taxes, employment-related taxes, and ongoing issues related

35 

Table of Contents

to these tax matters. The judgments include determining reserves for potential adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken and may be subject to challenge by the IRS and/or
other taxing authorities. Unfavorable settlements of any of the issues related to these reserves at CMS Energy or Consumers could have a material adverse effect on its liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to changing tax laws. Increases in local, state, or federal tax rates or other changes in tax
laws could have adverse impacts on their liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Consumers is exposed to risks
related to general economic conditions in its service territories. 

Consumers’ electric and gas utility businesses
are affected by the economic conditions impacting the customers they serve. Although Consumers believes that economic conditions in Michigan are improving, the economy in Consumers’ service territories continues to be affected adversely by the
recession and its impact on the state’s automotive and real estate sectors and by relatively high unemployment. The Michigan economy also has been affected negatively by the uncertainty in the financial and credit markets. If economic
conditions in Michigan decline further, Consumers may experience reduced demand for electricity or natural gas that could result in decreased earnings and cash flow. In addition, economic conditions in Consumers’ service territory affect its
collections of accounts receivable and levels of lost or stolen gas, which in turn impact its liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ energy sales and operations are affected by seasonal factors and varying weather conditions from year to year. 

CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses are seasonal. Demand for electricity is greater in the summer cooling season and the
winter heating season. Demand for natural gas peaks in the winter heating season. Accordingly, their overall results in the future may fluctuate substantially on a seasonal basis. Mild temperatures during the summer cooling season and winter heating
season could have a material adverse affect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Unplanned power plant outages could be costly for Consumers. 

Unforeseen maintenance of our power plants may be required for many reasons, including catastrophic events such as fires, explosions,
floods, or other acts of God, equipment failure, operator error, or to comply with environmental or safety regulations. When unplanned maintenance work is required on power plants or other equipment, Consumers will not only incur unexpected
maintenance expenses, but it may also have to make spot market purchases of replacement electricity that exceed Consumers’ costs of generation. If Consumers were unable to recover any of these increased costs in rates, it could have a material
adverse effect on Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

A work interruption or other union actions
could adversely affect Consumers. 

Over 40 percent of Consumers’ employees are represented by a union. If
these employees were to engage in a strike, work stoppage, or other slowdown, or if the terms and conditions in future labor agreements were renegotiated, Consumers could experience a significant disruption in its operations and higher ongoing labor
costs. 

Failure to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce could harm CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ results
of operations. 

The workforce of CMS Energy and Consumers is aging and a number of employees will become eligible
to retire within the next few years. If CMS Energy and Consumers were unable to match skill sets to future needs, they could encounter operating challenges and increased costs. These challenges could include a lack of resources, loss of
knowledge, and delays in skill development. Additionally, higher costs could result from the use of contractors to replace employees, loss of productivity, and safety incidents. Failing to train replacement employees adequately and to transfer
internal knowledge and expertise could affect CMS Energy’s and 

36 

Table of Contents

Consumers’ ability to manage and operate their businesses. If CMS Energy and Consumers were unable to attract and retain an appropriately qualified workforce, their results of
operations could be affected negatively. 

Consumers may not be able to obtain an adequate supply of coal or natural gas, which could
limit its ability to operate its electric generation facilities or serve its natural gas customers. 

Consumers is
dependent on coal for a significant portion of its electric generating capacity. While Consumers has coal supply and transportation contracts in place, there can be no assurance that the counterparties to these agreements will fulfill their
obligations to supply coal to Consumers. The suppliers under the agreements may experience financial or operational problems that inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations to Consumers. In addition, suppliers under these agreements may not
be required to supply coal to Consumers under certain circumstances, such as in the event of a natural disaster. If Consumers were unable to obtain its coal requirements under existing or future coal supply and transportation contracts, it might be
required to purchase coal at higher prices or forced to purchase electricity from higher cost generating resources in the Midwest Energy Market, which would increase Consumers’ working capital requirements. 

Consumers has firm interstate transportation and supply agreements in place to facilitate deliveries of natural gas to its customers.
Apart from the contractual and monetary remedies available to Consumers in the event of a counterparty’s failure to perform, there can be no assurances that the counterparties to these firm interstate transportation and supply agreements will
fulfill their obligations to provide natural gas to Consumers. In addition, suppliers under these agreements may not be required to deliver natural gas to Consumers in certain circumstances, such as in the event of a natural disaster. If Consumers
were unable to obtain its natural gas supply requirements under existing or future natural gas supply and transportation contracts, it could be required to purchase natural gas at higher prices from other sources or implement its natural gas
curtailment program filed with the MPSC, which would increase Consumers’ working capital requirements and decrease its natural gas revenues. 

Electric industry regulation could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses. 

Federal and state regulation of electric utilities has changed dramatically in the last two decades and could continue to change over the
next several years. These changes could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to, or affected by, extensive federal and state utility regulation. In CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ business planning and management of operations,
they must address the effects of existing and proposed regulation on their businesses and changes in the regulatory framework, including initiatives by federal and state legislatures, regional transmission organizations, utility regulators, and
taxing authorities. Adoption of new regulations by federal or state agencies, or changes to present regulations and interpretations of these regulations, could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity,
financial condition, and results of operations. 

There are multiple proceedings pending before FERC involving transmission
matters. CMS Energy and Consumers cannot predict the impact of these electric industry restructuring proceedings on their liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Electric industry legislation in Michigan, coupled with increased competition in gas and electric markets, could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’
businesses. 

The 2008 Energy Law, among other things, limits alternative electric supply to ten percent of
weather-adjusted retail sales for the preceding calendar year. Lower natural gas prices due to a large supply of natural gas on the market, coupled with low capacity prices in the electric supply market, are placing increasing competitive pressure
on Consumers’ electric supply. Presently, the ROA level on Consumers’ system is at the ten-percent cap and there is a backlog. Proposals have been made to raise the ROA limit above ten percent, which, if enacted, could have a material
adverse effect on Consumers’ business. Proposals also have been made to increase the 

37 

Table of Contents

electric sales volume that will be required from renewable energy sources, including a proposal that would amend the Michigan Constitution to increase the electric sales volume required from
renewable energy sources to 25 percent by 2025. Other new legislation or interpretations could change how the businesses of CMS Energy and Consumers operate, impact Consumers’ ability to recover costs through rate increases, or require
CMS Energy and Consumers to incur additional expenses. 

The markets for alternative energy and distributed generation could impact
financial results. 

Advances in technology could reduce the cost of alternative methods of producing electricity, such
as fuel cells, microturbines, windmills, and photovoltaic (solar) cells, to a level that is competitive with that of fossil-fuel technology utilized by CMS Energy and Consumers to produce a majority of their electricity. It is also possible
that electric customers could reduce their electric consumption significantly through demand-side energy conservation programs. Changes in technology could also alter the channels through which electric customers buy electricity. Any of these
changes could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, or results of operations. 

CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to rate regulation, which could have an adverse effect on financial results. 

CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to rate regulation. Electric and gas rates for their utilities are set by the MPSC and cannot be
increased without regulatory authorization. While Consumers is permitted by the 2008 Energy Law to self-implement rate changes six months after a rate filing with the MPSC, subject to certain limitations, if a final rate order from the MPSC provides
for lower rates than Consumers self-implemented, Consumers must refund the difference, with interest. Also, the MPSC may delay or deny implementation of a rate increase upon showing of good cause. In February 2011, the MPSC found good cause to delay
Consumers’ self-implementation of its requested gas rate increase. 

In addition, Consumers’ plans for making
significant capital investments, including modifications to meet new environmental requirements and investment in new generation, could be affected adversely or could have a material adverse effect on Consumers if rate regulators fail to provide
timely rate relief. Regulators seeking to avoid or minimize rate increases could resist raising customer rates sufficiently to permit Consumers to recover the full cost of modifications to meet environmental requirements and other prudent
investments. In addition, because certain costs are mandated by state requirements for cost recovery, such as resource additions to meet Michigan’s renewable resource standard, regulators could be more inclined to oppose rate increases for
other required items and investments. Rate regulators could also face pressure to avoid or limit rate increases for a number of reasons, including failure of Michigan’s economy to improve sufficiently or diminishment of Consumers’ customer
base. In addition to potentially affecting Consumers’ investment program, any limitation of cost recovery through rates could have a material adverse effect on Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations.

Orders of the MPSC could limit recovery of costs of providing service including, but not limited to, environmental and safety
related expenditures for coal-fueled plants and other utility properties, power supply and natural gas supply costs, operating and maintenance expenses, additional utility-based investments, costs associated with the proposed retirement and
decommissioning of facilities, MISO energy and transmission costs, costs associated with energy efficiency investments and state or federally mandated renewable resource standards, Smart Grid program costs, or expenditures subjected to tracking
mechanisms. These orders could also result in adverse regulatory treatment of other matters including, but not limited to, prevention or curtailment of shutoffs for non-paying customers, Consumers’ electric and gas revenue decoupling
mechanisms, prevention or curtailment of rights to self-implement rate requests, refunds of previously self-implemented rates, or the allocation of the DOE settlement amount. 

FERC authorizes certain subsidiaries of CMS Energy to sell electricity at market-based rates. Failure of CMS Energy and Consumers to obtain adequate rates or regulatory approvals in a timely
manner could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

38 

Table of Contents

The various risks associated with the MPSC and FERC regulation of CMS Energy’s and
Consumers’ businesses, which include the risk of adverse decisions in any number of rate or regulatory proceedings before either agency, could have a substantial negative effect on the companies’ investment plans and results of operations.

CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ financial statements, including their reported earnings, could be significantly impacted by
convergence with International Financial Reporting Standards. 

The Financial Accounting Standards Board is expected to
make broad changes to GAAP as part of an overall initiative to converge U.S. standards with International Financial Reporting Standards. These changes could have significant impacts on the financial statements of CMS Energy and Consumers. Also,
the SEC is considering incorporating International Financial Reporting Standards into the financial reporting system for U.S. registrants. A transition to International Financial Reporting Standards could significantly impact CMS Energy’s
and Consumers’ financial results, since these standards differ from GAAP in many ways. One of the major differences is the lack of special accounting treatment for regulated activities under International Financial Reporting Standards, which
could result in greater earnings volatility for CMS Energy and Consumers. 

CMS Energy and Consumers are exposed to credit risk
of those with whom they do business. 

CMS Energy and Consumers are exposed to credit risk of counterparties with
whom they do business. Adverse economic conditions or financial difficulties experienced by these counterparties could impair the ability of these counterparties to pay for CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ services or fulfill their
contractual obligations, including performance and payment of damages. CMS Energy and Consumers depend on these counterparties to remit payments and perform services timely. Any delay or default in payment or performance of contractual
obligations could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

In recent years, the capital and credit markets have experienced unprecedented high levels of volatility and disruption. Market disruption and volatility could have a negative impact on
CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ lenders, suppliers, customers, and other counterparties, causing them to fail to meet their obligations. Adverse economic conditions could also have a negative impact on the loan portfolio of
CMS Energy’s banking subsidiary, EnerBank. 

EnerBank must comply with governmental laws and regulations that are subject to
change and may involve material costs or affect how EnerBank operates. 

In 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act was passed into
law. The Dodd-Frank Act is a sweeping piece of legislation, and the financial services industry is still assessing the impacts. Congress detailed some significant changes, but the Dodd-Frank Act leaves many details to be determined by regulation and
further study. The full impact will not be fully known for months or even years, as regulations that are intended to implement the Dodd-Frank Act are adopted by the appropriate agencies, and as the text of the Dodd-Frank Act is analyzed by impacted
stakeholders and possibly the courts. The Dodd-Frank Act also created the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, which is part of the Federal Reserve and has been granted significant rule-making authority in the area of consumer financial products
and services. The direction that the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection will take, the regulations it will adopt, and its interpretation of existing laws and regulations are not yet known. 

Also, as required by the Dodd-Frank Act, the Government Accountability Office published a study of the various exemptions in the Bank
Holding Company Act for certain types of depository institutions, including industrial banks such as EnerBank. CMS Energy is not regulated as a bank holding company as a result of such an exemption. It is too early to determine what impact, if
any, this study will have on the continued availability of this exemption. 

In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act added a new
Section 13 to the Bank Holding Company Act. Known as the Volcker Rule, it generally restricts certain banking entities and their subsidiaries or affiliates from engaging in proprietary trading activities and owning equity in or sponsoring any
private equity or hedge fund. The Volcker Rule becomes effective in July 2012. The implementing regulations for the Volcker Rule were issued in draft 

39 

Table of Contents

form by various regulatory agencies in October 2011. Under the proposed regulations, CMS Energy (and its affiliates) may be restricted from engaging in proprietary trading, investing in
third party hedge or private equity funds, or sponsoring these funds unless CMS Energy qualifies for an exemption from the rule. CMS Energy cannot presently predict the full impact of the Volcker Rule on CMS Energy’s or
EnerBank’s operations or financial condition. 

Furthermore, effective July 2011, all companies that directly or indirectly
control an FDIC-insured bank are required to serve as a source of financial strength for that institution. As a result, CMS Energy could be called upon by the FDIC to infuse additional capital into EnerBank to the extent that EnerBank fails to
satisfy its capital requirements. In addition, CMS Energy is contractually required (i) to make cash capital contributions to EnerBank in the event that EnerBank does not maintain required minimum capital ratios and (ii) to provide
EnerBank financial support, in an amount and duration as may be necessary for EnerBank to meet the cash needs of its depositors and other operations. EnerBank presently meets or exceeds all of these requirements. 

CMS Energy could be required to pay cash to certain security holders in connection with the optional conversion of their convertible
securities. 

CMS Energy has issued two series of cash-convertible securities, of which an aggregate principal
amount of $398 million was outstanding at December 31, 2011. If the trading price of CMS Energy’s common stock exceeds specified amounts at the end of a particular fiscal quarter, then holders of one or both series of these
convertible securities will have the option to convert their securities in the following fiscal quarter, with the principal amount payable in cash by CMS Energy. Accordingly, if these trading price minimums are satisfied and security holders
exercise their conversion rights, CMS Energy may be required to outlay a significant amount of cash to those security holders, which could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s liquidity and financial condition. 

There are risks associated with Consumers’ significant capital investment program planned for the next five years. 

Consumers’ planned investments include the Smart Grid program, renewable power generation, gas compression, environmental controls,
and other electric and gas infrastructure to upgrade delivery systems. The success of these investments depends on or could be affected by a variety of factors including, but not limited to, effective cost and schedule management during
implementation, changes in commodity and other prices, operational performance, changes in environmental, legislative and regulatory requirements, and regulatory cost recovery. Consumers cannot predict the impact that any of these factors could have
on the success of its capital investment program. It is possible that adverse events associated with these factors could have a material adverse effect on Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

40 

Table of Contents