Actual results in future periods for CMS Energy and Consumers could differ materially from historical results and the
forward-looking statements contained in this report. Factors that might cause or contribute to these differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the following sections.
CMS Energy's and Consumers' businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, that involve uncertainties that may materially affect results, and that are often beyond
their control. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known or that the companies' management believes to be immaterial may also adversely affect the companies. The risk factors described in
the following sections, as well as the other information included in this report and in other documents filed with the SEC, should be considered carefully before making an investment in securities of
CMS Energy or
Consumers. Risk factors of Consumers are also risk factors of CMS Energy. All of these risk factors are potentially significant. 

 CMS Energy depends on dividends from its subsidiaries to meet its debt service obligations. 

Due to its holding company structure, CMS Energy depends on dividends from its subsidiaries to meet its debt service and other payment
obligations. Consumers' ability to pay dividends or acquire its own stock from CMS Energy is limited by restrictions contained in Consumers' preferred stock provisions and potentially by other
legal restrictions, such as certain terms in its articles of incorporation, and by FERC requirements. At December 31, 2012, under its articles of incorporation, Consumers had
$536 million of unrestricted retained earnings available to pay common stock dividends. If sufficient dividends are not paid to CMS Energy by its subsidiaries, CMS Energy may not
be able to generate the funds necessary to fulfill its payment obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy's liquidity and financial condition. 

 CMS Energy has indebtedness that could limit its financial flexibility and its ability to meet its debt service obligations. 

At December 31, 2012, CMS Energy, including Consumers, had $7.2 billion aggregate principal amount of indebtedness.
CMS Energy had $2.4 billion aggregate principal amount of indebtedness at December 31, 2012. At December 31, 2012, there were no borrowings and $2 million of letters
of credit outstanding under CMS Energy's revolving credit agreement. CMS Energy and its subsidiaries may incur additional indebtedness in the future. 

The
level of CMS Energy's present and future indebtedness could have several important effects on its future operations, including, among
others:

•

a significant portion of CMS Energy's cash flow from operations could be dedicated to the payment of principal and
interest on its indebtedness and would not be available for other purposes; 

•

covenants contained in CMS Energy's existing debt arrangements, which require it to meet certain
financial tests,
could affect its flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in its business; 

•

CMS Energy's ability to obtain additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures,
 acquisitions, and
general corporate and other purposes could become limited; 

•

CMS Energy could be placed at a competitive disadvantage to its competitors that are less leveraged; 

31

Table of Contents

•

CMS Energy's vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions could increase;
and

•

CMS Energy's future credit ratings could fluctuate. 

CMS Energy's
ability to meet its debt service obligations and to reduce its total indebtedness will depend on its future performance, which will be subject to general economic conditions,
industry cycles, changes in laws or regulatory decisions, and financial, business, and other factors affecting its operations, many of which are beyond its control. CMS Energy cannot make
assurances that its business will continue to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service its indebtedness. If CMS Energy is unable to generate sufficient cash flows from
operations, it may be required to sell assets or obtain additional financing. CMS Energy cannot ensure that additional financing will be available on commercially acceptable terms or at all. 

 CMS Energy and Consumers have financing needs and could be unable to obtain bank financing or access the capital markets. Potential disruption in the capital and
credit markets could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy's and Consumers' businesses, including the availability and cost of short-term funds for liquidity requirements and
their ability to meet long-term commitments. These consequences could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy's and Consumers' liquidity, financial condition, and results of
operations. 

CMS Energy and Consumers may be subject to liquidity demands under commercial commitments, guarantees, indemnities, letters of credit, and
other contingent liabilities. Consumers' capital requirements are expected to be substantial over the next several
years as it implements renewable power generation and environmental projects, and those requirements may increase if additional laws or regulations are adopted or implemented. 

CMS Energy
and Consumers rely on the capital markets, particularly for publicly offered debt, as well as on bank syndications, to meet their financial commitments and short-term
liquidity needs if internal funds are not available from Consumers' operations and, in the case of CMS Energy, dividends from Consumers and its other subsidiaries. CMS Energy and
Consumers also use letters of credit issued under certain of their revolving credit facilities to support certain operations and investments. 

Longer
term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions could
adversely affect CMS Energy's and Consumers' access to liquidity needed for their respective businesses, as could Consumers' inability to obtain prior FERC authorization for any securities
issuances, including publicly offered debt, as is required under the Federal Power Act. Any disruption or inability to obtain FERC authorization could require CMS Energy and Consumers to take
measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding for their business needs can be arranged. These measures could include deferring capital
expenditures, changing CMS Energy's and Consumers' commodity purchasing strategy to avoid collateral-posting requirements, and reducing or eliminating future share repurchases, dividend
payments, or other discretionary uses of cash. 

CMS Energy
continues to explore financing opportunities to supplement its financial plan. These potential opportunities include refinancing and/or issuing new debt, preferred stock and/or
common equity, and bank financing. Similarly, Consumers plans to seek funds through the capital markets, commercial lenders, and leasing arrangements. Entering into new financings is subject in part
to capital market receptivity to utility industry securities in general and to CMS Energy's and Consumers' securities in particular. CMS Energy and Consumers cannot 

32

Table of Contents

guarantee
the capital markets' acceptance of their securities or predict the impact of factors beyond their control, such as actions of rating agencies. If CMS Energy or Consumers is unable to
obtain bank financing or access the capital markets to incur or refinance indebtedness, or is unable to obtain commercially reasonable terms for any financing, there could be a material adverse effect
on its liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Certain
of CMS Energy's securities and those of its affiliates, including Consumers, are rated by various credit rating agencies. Any reduction or withdrawal of one or more of its credit
ratings
could have a material adverse impact on CMS Energy's or Consumers' ability to access capital on acceptable terms and maintain commodity lines of credit, could make its cost of borrowing higher,
and could cause CMS Energy or Consumers to reduce its capital expenditures. If it is unable to maintain commodity lines of credit, CMS Energy or Consumers may have to post collateral or
make prepayments to certain of its suppliers under existing contracts. Further, since Consumers provides dividends to CMS Energy, any adverse developments affecting Consumers that result in a
lowering of its credit ratings could have an adverse effect on CMS Energy's credit ratings. CMS Energy and Consumers cannot guarantee that any of their present ratings will remain in
effect for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency. 

 There are risks associated with Consumers' significant capital investment program planned for the next five years. 

Consumers' planned investments include the Smart Energy program, new power generation, gas compression, environmental controls, and other electric
and gas infrastructure to upgrade delivery systems. The success of these investments depends on or could be affected by a variety of factors including, but not limited to, effective cost and schedule
management during implementation, changes in commodity and other prices, operational performance, changes in environmental, legislative and regulatory requirements, and regulatory cost recovery.
Consumers cannot predict the impact that any of these factors could have on the success of its capital investment program. It is possible that adverse events associated with these factors could have a
material adverse effect on Consumers' liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

 Electric industry legislation in Michigan, coupled with increased competition in gas and electric markets, could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy's and
Consumers' businesses. 

The 2008 Energy Law, among other things, limits alternative electric supply to ten percent of weather-adjusted retail sales for the preceding
calendar year. Lower natural gas prices due to a large supply of natural gas on the market, coupled with low capacity prices in the electric supply market, are placing increasing competitive pressure
on Consumers' electric supply. Presently, Consumers' electric rates are above the Midwest average, while the ROA level on Consumers' system is at the ten-percent cap and the proportion of
Consumers' electric deliveries under the ROA program and on the ROA waiting list is 25 percent. In February 2013, a proposal was made to raise the ROA limit above ten percent. If the bill is
enacted, it could have a material adverse effect on Consumers' business. In addition, the Michigan legislature is conducting hearings on the subject of energy competition. If other bills to raise the
ROA limit above ten percent are proposed in the future and enacted, they could have a material adverse effect on Consumers' business. 

Recently,
the Michigan governor announced a process pursuant to which a series of reports are to be completed in December 2013 addressing energy efficiency, renewable energy, the electricity market
and customer choice, and other subjects. The process is designed to help the 

33

Table of Contents

governor
and other lawmakers determine the state's next steps regarding energy policies. A series of public hearings have been scheduled in 2013 to gather input. Consumers expects to participate
actively in this process but cannot predict its outcome. 

Other
new legislation or interpretations could change how the businesses of CMS Energy and Consumers operate, impact Consumers' ability to recover costs through rate increases, or require
CMS Energy and Consumers to incur additional expenses. 

 CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to rate regulation, which could have an adverse effect on financial results. 

CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to rate regulation. Electric and gas rates for their utilities are set by the MPSC and cannot be
increased without regulatory authorization. While Consumers is permitted by the 2008 Energy Law to self-implement rate changes six months after a rate filing with the MPSC, subject to
certain limitations, if a final rate order from the MPSC provides for lower rates than Consumers self-implemented, Consumers must refund the difference, with interest. Also, the MPSC may
delay or deny implementation of a rate increase upon showing of good cause. In February 2011, the MPSC found good cause to delay Consumers' self-implementation of its requested gas rate
increase. Consumers did not experience delays in self-implementation of rate increases in 2012. 

In
addition, Consumers' plans for making significant capital investments, including modifications to meet new environmental requirements and investment in new generation, could be affected adversely
or could have a material adverse effect on Consumers if rate regulators fail to provide timely rate relief or to approve a Certificate of Necessity for new generation. Regulators seeking to avoid or
minimize rate increases could resist raising customer rates sufficiently to permit Consumers to recover the full cost of modifications to meet environmental requirements and other prudent investments.
In addition, because certain costs are mandated by state requirements for cost recovery, such as resource additions to meet Michigan's renewable resource standard, regulators could be more inclined to
oppose rate increases for other required
items and investments. Rate regulators could also face pressure to avoid or limit rate increases for a number of reasons, including failure of Michigan's economy to improve sufficiently or
diminishment of Consumers' customer base. In addition to potentially affecting Consumers' investment program, any limitation of cost recovery through rates could have a material adverse effect on
Consumers' liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations. 

Orders
of the MPSC could limit recovery of costs of providing service including, but not limited to, environmental and safety related expenditures for coal-fueled plants and other utility