Actual results in future periods for CMS Energy and Consumers
 could differ materially from historical results and the
 forward-looking statements contained in this report. Factors
 that might cause or contribute to these differences include, but
 are not limited to, those discussed in the following sections.
 CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses are influenced
 by many factors that are difficult to predict, and that involve
 uncertainties that may materially affect results and are often
 beyond their control. Additional risks and uncertainties not
 presently known or that the companies’ management believes
 to be immaterial may also adversely affect the companies. The
 described in the following sections, as well as the
 other information included in this report and in other documents
 filed with the SEC, should be considered carefully before making
 an investment in securities of CMS Energy or Consumers. Risk
 factors of Consumers are also risk factors of CMS Energy. All of
 these risk factors are potentially significant.

 CMS
 Energy depends on dividends from its subsidiaries to meet its
 debt service obligations.

 Due to its holding company structure, CMS Energy depends on
 dividends from its subsidiaries to meet its debt service and
 other payment obligations. Restrictions contained in
 Consumers’ preferred stock provisions and other legal
 restrictions, such as certain terms in its articles of
 incorporation and FERC requirements, limit Consumers’
 ability to pay dividends or acquire its own stock from CMS
 Energy. At December 31, 2009, Consumers had
 $333 million of unrestricted retained earnings available to
 pay common stock dividends. If sufficient dividends are not paid
 to CMS Energy by its subsidiaries, CMS Energy may not be able to
 generate the funds necessary to fulfill its payment obligations,
 which could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s
 liquidity and financial condition.

 CMS
 Energy has substantial indebtedness that could limit its
 financial flexibility and hence its ability to meet its debt
 service obligations.

 At December 31, 2009, CMS Energy, including Consumers, had
 $6.6 billion aggregate principal amount of indebtedness,
 including $34 million of subordinated indebtedness relating
 to its convertible preferred securities. CMS Energy had
 $1.9 billion aggregate principal amount of indebtedness at
 December 31, 2009. At December 31, 2009, there were
 $25 million of borrowings and $3 million of letters of
 credit outstanding under CMS Energy’s revolving credit
 agreement. CMS Energy and its subsidiaries may incur additional
 indebtedness in the future.

 The level of CMS Energy’s present and future indebtedness
 could have several important effects on its future operations,
 including, among others:

 • 

 a significant portion of its cash flow from operations will be
 dedicated to the payment of principal and interest on its
 indebtedness and will not be available for other purposes;

 • 

 covenants contained in its existing debt arrangements require it
 to meet certain financial tests, which may affect its
 flexibility in planning for, and reacting to, changes in its
 business;

 • 

 its ability to obtain additional financing for working capital,
 capital expenditures, acquisitions, and general corporate and
 other purposes may be limited;

 • 

 it may be at a competitive disadvantage to its competitors that
 are less leveraged;

 • 

 its vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions
 may increase; and

 • 

 its future credit ratings may fluctuate.

 CMS Energy’s ability to meet its debt service obligations
 and to reduce its total indebtedness will depend on its future
 performance, which will be subject to general economic
 conditions, industry cycles, changes in laws or regulatory
 decisions (including with respect to environmental matters), and
 financial, business, and other factors affecting its operations,
 many of which are beyond its control. CMS Energy cannot make
 assurances that its business will continue to generate
 sufficient cash flow from operations to service its
 indebtedness. If CMS Energy is unable to generate sufficient
 cash flows from operations, it may be required to sell assets or
 obtain additional

 31

Table of Contents

 financing. CMS Energy cannot ensure that additional financing
 will be available on commercially acceptable terms or at all.

 CMS
 Energy cannot predict the outcome of regulatory reviews and
 claims regarding its participation in the development of Bay
 Harbor.

 The EPA and the MDNRE have not completed their review of
 proposals by CMS Land and CMS Capital to remedy the flow of
 leachate from buried CKD piles at the site to Lake Michigan and
 related environmental issues. In addition, CMS Land and CMS
 Capital have not arrived at a final and long-term solution to
 the disposal of leachate collected at the site. CMS Land and CMS
 Capital, the MDNRE, the EPA, and other parties are having
 ongoing negotiations concerning these subjects. These
 negotiations are focused on, among other things, issues related
 to:

 • 

 options for the disposal of leachate;

 • 

 the capping and excavation of CKD;

 • 

 the location and design of collection lines and upstream
 diversion of water;

 • 

 potential flow of leachate below the collection system;

 • 

 applicable criteria for various substances such as
 mercury; and

 • 

 other matters that are likely to affect the scope of remedial
 work that CMS Land and CMS Capital may be obligated to undertake.

 Depending on the results of these negotiations, as well as any
 indemnification obligation or liability under an AOC signed by
 CMS Land and CMS Capital, or other liability under environmental
 laws, adverse outcomes of some or all of these matters could
 have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s liquidity
 and financial condition and could negatively affect CMS
 Energy’s financial results.

 CMS
 Energy may be affected adversely by a regulatory investigation
 and civil lawsuits regarding pricing information that CMS MST
 and CMS Field Services provided to market
 publications.

 In 2002, CMS Energy notified appropriate regulatory and
 governmental agencies that some employees at CMS MST and CMS
 Field Services appeared to have provided inaccurate information
 regarding natural gas trades to various energy industry
 publications which compile and report index prices. CMS Energy
 is cooperating with an ongoing investigation by the DOJ
 regarding this matter. CMS Energy is unable to predict the
 outcome of the DOJ investigation and what effect, if any, the
 investigation will have on CMS Energy.

 CMS Energy, CMS MST, CMS Field Services, Cantera Natural Gas,
 Inc. (the company that purchased CMS Field Services) and Cantera
 Gas Company were named as defendants in various lawsuits arising
 as a result of alleged false natural gas price reporting.
 Allegations included manipulation of NYMEX natural gas futures
 and options prices, price-fixing conspiracies, and artificial
 inflation of natural gas retail prices in California, Colorado,
 Kansas, Missouri, Tennessee, and Wisconsin. CMS Energy cannot
 predict the outcome of the lawsuits. It is possible that the
 outcome in one or more of the lawsuits could have a material
 adverse effect on CMS Energy’s liquidity, financial
 condition, and results of operations.

 CMS
 Energy and Consumers retain contingent liabilities in connection
 with their asset sales.

 The agreements that CMS Energy and Consumers enter into for the
 sale of assets customarily include provisions whereby they are
 required to:

 • 

 retain specified preexisting liabilities, such as for taxes,
 pensions, or environmental conditions;

 • 

 indemnify the buyers against specified risks, including the
 inaccuracy of representations and warranties they make; and

 • 

 make payments to the buyers depending on the outcome of
 post-closing adjustments, litigation, audits, or other reviews.

 32

Table of Contents

 Many of these contingent liabilities can remain open for
 extended periods of time after the sales are closed. Depending
 on the extent to which the buyers may ultimately seek to enforce
 their rights under these contractual provisions, and the
 resolution of any disputes concerning them, there could be a
 material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s or Consumers’
 liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations.

 CMS
 Energy and Consumers have financing needs and could be unable to
 obtain bank financing or access the capital markets. Potential
 disruption in the capital and credit markets could have an
 adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’
 businesses, including the availability and cost of short-term
 funds for liquidity requirements and their ability to meet
 long-term commitments. These consequences could have an adverse
 effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity,
 financial condition, and results of operations.

 CMS Energy and Consumers may be subject to liquidity demands
 under commercial commitments, guarantees, indemnities, and
 letters of credit. Consumers’ capital requirements are
 expected to be substantial over the next several years as it
 implements generation and environmental projects, and such
 requirements may increase if additional laws or regulations are
 adopted or implemented regarding greenhouse gases, including
 carbon dioxide.

 CMS Energy and Consumers rely on the capital markets, as well as
 on the banking syndications, to meet their financial commitments
 and short-term liquidity needs if internal funds are not
 available from CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ respective
 operations. CMS Energy and Consumers also use letters of credit
 issued under certain of their revolving credit facilities to
 support certain operations and investments.

 Longer term disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a
 result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation, reduced
 alternatives, or failures of significant financial institutions
 could adversely affect CMS Energy’s and Consumers’
 access to liquidity needed for their respective businesses. Any
 disruption could require CMS Energy and Consumers to take
 measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until
 alternative credit arrangements or other funding for their
 business needs can be arranged. These measures could include
 deferring capital expenditures, changing CMS Energy’s and
 Consumers’ commodity purchasing strategy to avoid
 collateral-posting requirements, and reducing or eliminating
 future share repurchases, dividend payments, or other
 discretionary uses of cash.

 CMS Energy continues to explore financing opportunities to
 supplement its financial plan. These potential opportunities
 include refinancing
 and/or
 issuing new capital markets debt, preferred stock

and/or
 common equity, and bank financing. Similarly, Consumers plans to
 seek funds through the capital markets, commercial lenders, and
 leasing arrangements. Entering into new financings is subject in
 part to capital market receptivity to utility industry
 securities in general and to Consumers’ securities
 issuances in particular. CMS Energy and Consumers cannot
 guarantee the capital markets’ acceptance of their
 securities or predict the impact of factors beyond their
 control, such as actions of rating agencies. If CMS Energy or
 Consumers is unable to obtain bank financing or access the
 capital markets to incur or refinance indebtedness, or is unable
 to obtain commercially reasonable terms for any such financing,
 there could be a material adverse effect on its liquidity,
 financial condition, and results of operations.

 Certain of CMS Energy’s securities and those of its
 affiliates, including Consumers, are rated by various credit
 rating agencies. Any reduction or withdrawal of one or more of
 its credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on CMS
 Energy’s or Consumers’ ability to access capital on
 acceptable terms and maintain commodity lines of credit, could
 make its cost of borrowing higher, and could cause CMS Energy or
 Consumers to reduce its capital expenditures. If it is unable to
 maintain commodity lines of credit, CMS Energy or Consumers may
 have to post collateral or make prepayments to certain of its
 suppliers under existing contracts. Further, since Consumers
 provides dividends to CMS Energy, any adverse developments
 affecting Consumers that result in a lowering of its credit
 ratings could have an adverse effect on CMS Energy’s credit
 ratings. CMS Energy and Consumers cannot guarantee that any of
 their current ratings will remain in effect for any given period
 of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn
 entirely by a rating agency.

 CMS
 Energy and Consumers could incur significant costs to comply
 with environmental requirements.

 CMS Energy, Consumers, and their subsidiaries are subject to
 costly and increasingly stringent environmental regulations.
 They believe that environmental laws and regulations related to
 greenhouse gas emissions, ash disposal,

 33

Table of Contents

 and cooling water use will continue to become more stringent and
 require them to make additional significant capital expenditures
 for emissions control equipment installation and upgrades.

 In December 2009, the EPA issued an endangerment finding for
 greenhouse gases under the Clean Air Act. In this finding, which
 has been challenged in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.
 C. Circuit by numerous parties, the EPA determined that current
 and projected atmospheric concentrations of six greenhouse gases
 threaten the public health and welfare of current and future
 generations. The finding alone does not impose any standard or
 regulation on industry, but it is a precursor for finalizing
 proposed emissions standards. Presently, the EPA acknowledges
 that comprehensive federal legislation is the preferred method
 of addressing greenhouse gases. In June 2009, the United States
 House of Representatives passed the American Clean Energy and
 Security Act, which would require reductions in emissions of
 greenhouse gases, including carbon dioxide. This or similar
 legislation is considered likely to be enacted in some form and
 could have a significant impact on the operation and cost of
 existing and future fossil-fueled power plants.

 In 2009, a significant percentage of the energy generated by
 Consumers came from fossil-fueled power plants. The emissions
 from fossil-fueled power plants would be subject to greenhouse
 gas regulations. CMS Enterprises also has interests in
 fossil-fueled power plants and other types of power plants that
 produce greenhouse gases. Federal laws and rules limiting the
 emission of greenhouse gases or similar state laws and rules, if
 enacted, as well as international accords and treaties, could
 require CMS Energy and Consumers to install additional equipment
 for emission controls, purchase carbon emissions allowances,
 curtail operations, invest in non-fossil-fuel generating
 capacity, or take other significant steps to manage or lower the
 emission of greenhouse gases. The following risks related to
 climate change could also have a material adverse impact on CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ results of operations and
 financial position:

 • 

 litigation originated by third parties against CMS Energy,
 Consumers, or their subsidiaries due to CMS Energy’s or
 Consumers’ greenhouse gas emissions;

 • 

 impairment of CMS Energy’s or Consumers’ reputation
 due to their greenhouse gas emissions and public perception of
 their response to potential greenhouse gas regulations, rules,
 and legislation;

 • 

 extreme weather conditions, such as severe storms, that may
 affect customer demand, company operations, or assets.

 The EPA is considering regulating coal combustion products, such
 as coal ash, as hazardous wastes under the Resource Conservation
 and Recovery Act. Michigan already regulates coal combustion
 products as low hazard industrial waste. If coal ash is
 regulated as a hazardous waste, Consumers would likely cease the
 beneficial re-use of this product, resulting in significantly
 more coal ash requiring costly disposal. Additionally, it is
 possible that existing landfills could be closed if the upgrades
 to hazardous waste landfill standards are economically
 prohibitive. Costs associated with this potential regulation
 could be substantial.

 The EPA is revising regulations that govern cooling water intake
 structures aimed at protecting aquatic life. Costs associated
 with these revisions could be material to CMS Energy, Consumers,
 and CMS Enterprises and result in operational changes or the
 retirement of certain generating units.

 CMS Energy and Consumers expect to collect fully from their
 customers, through the ratemaking process, expenditures incurred
 to comply with environmental regulations. If Consumers were
 unable to recover these expenditures from customers in rates, it
 could negatively affect CMS Energy’s and/or Consumers’
 liquidity, results of operations, and financial condition and
 CMS Energy and/or Consumers could be required to seek
 significant additional financing to fund these expenditures.

 Market
 performance and other changes may decrease the value of benefit
 plan assets, which then could require significant
 funding.

 The performance of the capital markets affects the values of
 assets that are held in trust to satisfy future obligations
 under CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ pension and
 postretirement benefit plans. CMS Energy and Consumers have
 significant obligations under these plans and hold significant
 assets in these trusts. These assets are

 34

Table of Contents

 subject to market fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns,
 which may fall below CMS Energy’s and Consumers’
 forecasted return rates. A decline in the market value of the
 assets or a change in the level of interest rates used to
 measure the required minimum funding levels may increase the
 funding requirements of these obligations. Also, changes in
 demographics, including increased number of retirements or
 changes in life expectancy assumptions, may increase the funding
 requirements of the obligations related to the pension and
 postretirement benefit plans. If CMS Energy and Consumers were
 unable to manage their pension and postretirement plan assets
 successfully, it could have a material adverse effect on their
 liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations.

 Periodic
 reviews of the values of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’
 assets could result in accounting charges.

 CMS Energy and Consumers are required by GAAP to review
 periodically the carrying value of their assets, including those
 that may be sold. Market conditions, the operational
 characteristics of their assets, and other factors could result
 in recording impairment charges for their assets, which could
 have an adverse effect on their stockholders’ equity and
 their access to additional financing. In addition, CMS Energy
 and Consumers may be required to record impairment charges at
 the time they sell assets, depending on the sale prices they are
 able to secure and other factors.

 CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses have safety
 risks.

 Consumers’ gas and electric delivery systems, power plants,
 gas infrastructure, and energy products could be involved in
 accidents that result in injury or property loss to customers,
 employees, or the public. Although CMS Energy and Consumers have
 insurance coverage for many potential incidents, depending upon
 the nature or severity of any incident or accident, CMS Energy
 or Consumers could suffer financial loss, damage to their
 reputations, and negative repercussions from regulatory agencies
 or other public authorities.

 CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ revenues and results of
 operations are subject to risks that are beyond their control,
 including but not limited to natural disasters, terrorist
 attacks or related acts of war, hostile cyber intrusions, or
 other catastrophic events.

 The impact of natural disasters, wars, terrorist acts, cyber
 intrusions, and other catastrophic events on the facilities and
 operations of CMS Energy and Consumers could have an adverse
 affect on their liquidity, financial condition, and results of
 operations. A terrorist attack on physical infrastructure, or a
 major natural disaster, could result in severe damage to CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ assets beyond what could be
 recovered through insurance policies. Hostile cyber intrusions,
 including those targeting information systems as well as
 distributed electronic control systems, could severely disrupt
 business operations and result in loss of service to customers,
 as well as significant expense to repair security breaches or
 system damage. Terrorist attacks or acts of war could result in
 the disruption of power and fuel markets that could increase
 costs or disrupt service. Instability in the financial markets
 as a result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, credit crises,
 recessions, or other factors, could have a material adverse
 effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity,
 financial condition, and results of operations.

 CMS
 Energy and Consumers are exposed to significant reputational
 risks.

 Consumers is actively engaged in multiple regulatory oversight
 processes and has a large electric and gas customer base. As a
 result, Consumers has a highly visible public profile in
 Michigan. Consumers and CMS Energy could suffer negative impacts
 to their reputations as a result of operational incidents,
 violations of corporate compliance policies, regulatory
 violations, or other events. This could have a material adverse
 effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity,
 financial condition, and results of operations. It could also
 result in negative customer perception and increased regulatory
 oversight.

 Energy
 risk management strategies may not be effective in managing fuel
 and electricity pricing risks, which could result in
 unanticipated liabilities to Consumers and CMS Energy or
 increased volatility of their earnings.

 Consumers is exposed to changes in market prices for natural
 gas, coal, electricity, emission allowances, and RECs. Prices
 for natural gas, coal, electricity, emission allowances, and
 RECs may fluctuate substantially over

 35

Table of Contents

 relatively short periods of time and expose Consumers to
 commodity price risk. A substantial portion of Consumers’
 operating expenses for its plants consists of the costs of
 obtaining these commodities. Consumers manages these risks using
 established policies and procedures, and it may use various
 contracts to manage these risks, including swaps, options,
 futures and forward contracts. No assurance can be made that
 these strategies will be successful in managing Consumers’
 pricing risk or that they will not result in net liabilities to
 Consumers as a result of future volatility in these markets.

 Natural gas prices in particular have been historically
 volatile. Consumers routinely enters into contracts to mitigate
 exposure to the risks of demand, market effects of weather, and
 changes in commodity prices associated with its gas distribution
 business. These contracts are executed in conjunction with the
 GCR mechanism, which is designed to allow Consumers to recover
 prudently incurred costs associated with those positions.
 Consumers does not always hedge the entire exposure of its
 operations from commodity price volatility. Furthermore, the
 ability to hedge exposure to commodity price volatility depends
 on liquid commodity markets. As a result, to the extent the
 commodity markets are illiquid, Consumers may not be able to
 execute its risk management strategies, which could result in
 greater unhedged positions than preferred at a given time. To
 the extent that unhedged positions exist, fluctuating commodity
 prices could have a negative effect on CMS Energy’s and
 Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of
 operations.

 Changes
 in taxation as well as the inherent difficulty in quantifying
 potential tax effects of business decisions could negatively
 impact CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ results of
 operations.

 CMS Energy and Consumers are required to make judgments
 regarding the potential tax effects of various financial
 transactions and results of operations in order to estimate
 their obligations to taxing authorities. The tax obligations
 include income, real estate, sales and use taxes,
 employment-related taxes, and ongoing issues related to these
 tax matters. The judgments include reserves for potential
 adverse outcomes regarding tax positions that have been taken
 that may be subject to challenge by the IRS
 and/or other
 taxing authorities. Unfavorable settlements of any of the issues
 related to these reserves at CMS Energy or Consumers could have
 a material adverse effect on its liquidity, financial condition,
 and results of operations.

 CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to changing tax laws.
 Increases in local, state, or federal tax rates or other changes
 in tax laws could have adverse impacts on their liquidity,
 financial condition, and results of operations.

 Consumers
 is exposed to risks related to general economic conditions in
 its service territories.

 Consumers’ electric and gas utility businesses are affected
 by the economic conditions of the customers they serve. In
 Consumers’ service territories in Michigan, the economy has
 been affected adversely by the continued downturn and
 uncertainty in the automotive industry and relatively high
 unemployment. Michigan’s economy has also been affected
 negatively by the uncertainty in the financial and credit
 markets. If economic conditions in Michigan or the region
 continue to decline, Consumers may experience reduced demand for
 electricity or natural gas that could result in decreased
 earnings and cash flow. In addition, economic conditions in
 Consumers’ service territory affect its collections of
 accounts receivable and levels of lost or stolen gas, which in
 turn impact its liquidity, financial condition, and results of
 operations.

 CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ energy sales and operations
 are affected by seasonal factors and varying weather conditions
 from year to year.

 CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses are seasonal.
 Demand for electricity is greater in the summer and winter
 months associated with cooling and heating, and demand for
 natural gas peaks in the winter heating season. Accordingly,
 their overall results in the future may fluctuate substantially
 on a seasonal basis. Mild temperatures during the summer cooling
 season and winter heating season could have an adverse affect on
 CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial
 condition, and results of operations. Consumers expects that the
 pilot decoupling mechanism adopted in the November 2009 MPSC
 electric rate order may mitigate partially somewhat the impacts
 of these seasonal factors.

 36

Table of Contents

 Unplanned
 power plant outages may be costly for Consumers.

 When unplanned maintenance work is required on power plants or
 other equipment, Consumers may be required to incur unplanned
 expenses and to make spot market purchases of electricity that
 exceed its costs of generation. If Consumers were unable to
 recover any of these increased costs in rates, it could have a
 material adverse effect on Consumers’ liquidity, financial
 condition, and results of operations.

 Consumers
 may not be able to obtain an adequate supply of coal or natural
 gas, which could limit its ability to operate its electric
 generation facilities or serve its natural gas
 customers.

 Consumers is dependent on coal for a portion of its electric
 generating capacity. While Consumers has coal supply and
 transportation contracts in place, there can be no assurance
 that the counterparties to these agreements will fulfill their
 obligations to supply coal to Consumers. The suppliers under the
 agreements may experience financial or operational problems that
 inhibit their ability to fulfill their obligations to Consumers.
 In addition, suppliers under these agreements may not be
 required to supply coal to Consumers under certain
 circumstances, such as in the event of a natural disaster. If
 Consumers were unable to obtain its coal requirements under
 existing or future coal supply and transportation contracts, it
 may be required to purchase coal at higher prices, or it may be
 forced to purchase electricity from higher cost generating
 resources in the Midwest Energy Market, which would increase
 Consumers’ working capital requirements.

 Consumers has firm interstate transportation and supply
 agreements in place to facilitate deliveries of natural gas to
 its customers. There are financial penalties associated with the
 firm supply agreements that provide Consumers with monetary
 remedies in the event of supply disruptions. There are
 FERC-approved operational tariffs that cover the interstate
 natural gas delivery obligations of the interstate pipeline
 service providers. There are no additional assurances that the
 counterparties to these firm transportation and supply
 agreements will fulfill their obligations to provide natural gas
 to Consumers. In addition, suppliers under these agreements may
 not be required to deliver natural gas to Consumers in certain
 circumstances, such as in the event of a natural disaster. If
 Consumers were unable to obtain its natural gas supply
 requirements under existing or future natural gas supply and
 transportation contracts, it could be required to purchase
 natural gas at higher prices from other sources or implement its
 natural gas curtailment program filed with the MPSC, which would
 increase Consumers’ working capital requirements and
 decrease its natural gas revenues.

 Electric
 industry regulation could have an adverse effect on CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses.

 Federal and state regulation of electric utilities has changed
 dramatically in the last two decades and could continue to
 change over the next several years. These changes could have a
 material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’
 liquidity, financial condition, and results of operations.

 CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to, or affected by,
 extensive federal and state utility regulation. In CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ business planning and
 management of operations, they must address the effects of
 existing and proposed regulation on their businesses and changes
 in the regulatory framework, including initiatives by federal
 and state legislatures, regional transmission organizations,
 utility regulators, and taxing authorities. Adoption of new
 regulations by federal or state agencies, or changes to current
 regulations and interpretations of these regulations, could have
 a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s and
 Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of
 operations.

 There are multiple proceedings pending before the FERC involving
 transmission rates, regional transmission organizations, and
 electric bulk power markets and transmission. CMS Energy and
 Consumers cannot predict the impact of these electric industry
 restructuring proceedings on their liquidity, financial
 condition, and results of operations.

 The 2008 Energy Legislation, among other things, imposed a limit
 of ten percent on ROA. Proposals have been made to raise that
 limit, which, if enacted, could have an adverse effect on
 Consumers’ business. Proposals also have been made to
 increase the electric sales volume that will be required from
 renewable energy sources. Other new legislation, regulations, or
 interpretations could change how the businesses of CMS Energy
 and Consumers operate, impact the ability of Consumers to
 recover costs through rate increases, or require CMS Energy or
 Consumers to incur additional expenses.

 37

Table of Contents

 CMS
 Energy and Consumers are subject to rate
 regulation.

 CMS Energy and Consumers are subject to rate regulation.
 Electric and gas rates for their utilities are set by the MPSC
 and cannot be increased without regulatory authorization. While
 Consumers is permitted by the 2008 Energy Legislation to
 self-implement rate changes six months after a rate filing with
 the MPSC, subject to certain limitations, if a final rate order
 from the MPSC provides for lower rates than Consumers
 self-implemented, Consumers must refund the difference, with
 interest.

 In addition, Consumers’ plans for making significant
 capital investments, including modifications to meet new
 environmental requirements and investment in new generation,
 could be affected adversely, or could have an adverse effect on
 Consumers, if rate regulators fail to provide timely rate
 relief. Regulators seeking to avoid or minimize rate increases
 could resist raising customer rates sufficiently to permit
 Consumers to recover the full cost of modifications to meet
 environmental requirements and other prudent investments. In
 addition, because certain costs are mandated by state
 requirements for cost recovery, such as resource additions to
 meet the state’s renewable resource standard, regulators
 could be more inclined to oppose rate increases for other
 required items and investments. Rate regulators could also face
 pressure to avoid or limit rate increases if Michigan’s
 economy fails to improve or if Consumers’ customer base
 diminishes. In addition to potentially affecting Consumers’
 investment program, any limitation of cost recovery through
 rates would affect Consumers’ results of operations.

 A further regulatory risk could arise from the MPSC’s
 recent adoption of a mechanism to decouple revenues from
 electricity sales, which Consumers also has requested for
 application to its gas business. The decoupling mechanism could
 create upward pressure on future rates, which could cause
 regulators to require Consumers to postpone revenue recovery. In
 its most recent general electric rate case, Consumers made use
 of the decoupling mechanism to limit its request for a revenue
 increase, which could result in deferral of revenue recovery.

 The FERC authorizes certain subsidiaries of CMS Energy to sell
 electricity at market-based rates. Failure of CMS Energy and
 Consumers to obtain adequate rates or regulatory approvals in a
 timely manner could have a material adverse effect on CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial
 condition, and results of operations.

 The various risks associated with the MPSC and the FERC
 regulation of CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ businesses
 could have a substantial negative effect on the companies’
 investment plans and results of operations.

 CMS
 Energy and Consumers are exposed to credit risk of those with
 whom they do business.

 CMS Energy and Consumers are exposed to credit risk of
 counterparties with whom they do business. Adverse economic
 conditions affecting counterparties with whom CMS Energy and
 Consumers do business, or financial difficulties experienced by
 these counterparties, could impair the ability of these
 counterparties to pay for CMS Energy’s and Consumers’
 services or fulfill their contractual obligations, including
 performance and payment of damages. CMS Energy and Consumers
 depend on these counterparties to remit payments and perform
 services timely. Any delay or default in payment or performance
 of contractual obligations could have a material adverse effect
 on CMS Energy’s and Consumers’ liquidity, financial
 condition, and results of operations.

 In recent years, the capital and credit markets have experienced
 unprecedented high levels of volatility and disruption. Market
 disruption and volatility could have a negative impact on CMS
 Energy’s and Consumers’ lenders, suppliers, and other
 counterparties, or Consumers’ customers, causing them to
 fail to meet their obligations. Adverse economic conditions
 could also have a negative impact on the loan portfolio of CMS
 Energy’s banking subsidiary, EnerBank.

 CMS
 Energy could be required to pay cash to certain security holders
 in connection with the optional conversion of their convertible
 securities.

 CMS Energy has issued four series of cash-convertible
 securities, of which an aggregate principal amount (or par value
 in the case of preferred stock) of $839 million was
 outstanding at December 31, 2009. If the trading price of
 CMS Energy’s common stock exceeds specified amounts at the
 end of a particular fiscal quarter, then holders of one or more
 series of these convertible securities will have the option to
 convert their securities in the following fiscal quarter, with
 the principal amount (or par value) payable in cash by CMS
 Energy. Accordingly, if these trading price minimums are
 satisfied and security holders exercise their conversion rights,
 CMS Energy may be required to

 38

Table of Contents

 outlay a significant amount of cash to those security holders,
 which could have a material adverse effect on CMS Energy’s
 liquidity and financial condition.

 Consumers
 has a significant capital investment program planned for the
 next five years.

 Consumers’ planned investments include a new coal-fueled
 power generation plant, an advanced metering infrastructure
 program, renewable power generation, gas compression,
 environmental controls, and other electric and gas
 infrastructure to upgrade delivery systems. The success of these
 investments depends on or could be affected by a variety of
 factors including, but not limited to, effective cost and
 schedule management during implementation, changes in commodity
 and other prices, operational performance, changes in
 environmental, legislative and regulatory requirements and
 regulatory cost recovery. Consumers cannot predict the impact
 that any of these factors may have on the success of its capital
 investment program. It is possible that adverse events reflected
 in these factors could have a material adverse effect on
 Consumers’ liquidity, financial condition, and results of
 operations.