can be found under the captions: 

“Business—Government Regulation,” “Risk Factors” and “Legal Proceedings”
and also in MD&A. 

i 

PART I 

Item 1. 
Business

Overview 

We are one of the largest pharmaceutical services companies in the United States, with net revenue of approximately $33 billion (including approximately
$5.5 billion of retail copayments) in 2005. Our operations are conducted primarily through our Caremark Inc. (“Caremark”) and CaremarkPCS (f/k/a AdvancePCS) (“CaremarkPCS” or “AdvancePCS”) subsidiaries. We acquired
AdvancePCS on March 24, 2004, as further described below under the caption “Development of Our Business.” 

Our customers are primarily sponsors of health benefit plans (employers, unions, government employee groups, insurance companies and managed care
organizations) and individuals located throughout the United States. We dispense pharmaceuticals to eligible participants in benefit plans maintained by our customers and utilize our information systems to perform safety checks, drug interaction
screening and generic substitution. We generate substantially all of our net revenue from dispensing prescription drugs to eligible participants in benefit plans maintained by our customers. During the year ended December 31, 2005, we managed
over 536 million prescriptions for individuals from over 2,000 organizations, and our largest customer, the Federal Employees Health Benefit Plan, accounted for approximately 16% of our net revenue. 

Our pharmaceutical services are generally referred to as pharmacy benefit
management (“PBM”) services and involve the design and administration of programs aimed at reducing the costs and improving the safety, effectiveness and convenience of prescription drug use. Our PBM customers generally enter into
integrated pharmacy benefit management contracts with us. These integrated contracts provide plan participants the option of having their prescriptions filled at either retail or mail service pharmacies subject to the customers’ benefit plan
designs. 

We generally do not operate our own retail pharmacies
but have contracted with retail pharmacy chains and independent retail pharmacies to form a network comprised of more than 60,000 retail pharmacies at which our customers’ plan participants may have their prescriptions filled. We operate our
own mail service pharmacies and have one of the leading mail service pharmacy businesses among independent pharmacy services companies in terms of prescriptions filled in 2005. During the year ended December 31, 2005, we processed approximately
58 million prescriptions through our mail service pharmacies and processed approximately 478 million retail pharmacy claims. 

Address and Availability of Information. Our executive offices are located at 211 Commerce Street, Suite 800, Nashville, Tennessee 37201. Our
telephone number is (615) 743-6600, and our website address is http://www.caremarkrx.com. We electronically file our annual reports on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and any current reports on Form 8-K with the Securities and
Exchange Commission. These filings and any amendments thereto are available, free of charge, through our website as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with the Commission. 

We have adopted a code of business conduct and ethics for directors, officers
(including our Senior Executive and Financial Officers (our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and controller)) and employees, known as the Caremark Code of Conduct. The Caremark Code of Conduct, our corporate governance
guidelines and the charters of the audit, compensation and nominating and corporate governance committees of our board of directors are available on our website. We will post any amendments to, or waivers from, a provision of the Caremark Code of
Conduct that applies to the principal executive officer, principal financial officer or controller on our website as soon as practicable after adoption or approval. We will mail a free copy of any or all of these items to stockholders who request
them by contacting our investor relations department at the address/telephone number above. 

1 

Pharmacy Benefit Management Industry Overview 

PBM companies were initially formed to provide cost-effective drug distribution and claims processing for the healthcare
industry. In the mid-1980s, they evolved to include pharmacy networks and drug utilization review to address the need to manage the total cost of pharmaceutical services. Through purchase discounts, retail pharmacy networks, mail pharmacy services,
preferred drug list administration, claims processing and drug utilization review, PBM companies created an opportunity for health benefit plan sponsors to deliver prescription drugs in a more cost-effective manner while improving compliance with
recommended guidelines for safe and effective drug use. 

PBM
companies have focused on cost management by: (i) negotiating discounted prescription services through retail pharmacy networks; (ii) encouraging the use of generic rather than branded medications under appropriate circumstances;
(iii) purchasing discounted products from drug wholesalers and manufacturers; (iv) dispensing maintenance prescriptions by mail; and (v) administering drug utilization review and clinical programs to encourage appropriate drug use and
reduce potential risk for complications. Over the last several years, in response to increasing customer demand, PBM companies have also developed sophisticated preferred drug management capabilities and comprehensive, on-line customer decision
support tools in an attempt to more efficiently manage the delivery of healthcare and to better control healthcare costs. 

Health benefit plan sponsors are also increasingly focused on the quality and efficiency of care, emphasizing disease prevention, or wellness, and care
management. This focus has resulted in a rapidly growing demand among customers for comprehensive disease management programs. By effectively managing appropriate prescription use, PBM companies can reduce overall medical costs and improve clinical
outcomes. 

We believe that the most significant factors which
will affect future growth in the PBM industry include, but are not limited to: 

•

Increased demand for comprehensive pharmacy benefit, medication management and disease management services; 

•

The aging of the population, as older population segments have historically accounted for a significant concentration of prescription drug users; 

•

The continued use of direct-to-consumer advertising by pharmaceutical manufacturers; 

•

The extent to which new competitors enter the PBM industry; 

•

The extent of consolidation, through mergers and acquisitions, which may occur in the pharmaceutical manufacturer and PBM industries; 

•

The extent to which customers contract for pharmacy benefit management services separately from other health and welfare benefits; 

•

The rate at which patents expire on, and generic equivalents become available for, existing branded drugs; 

•

The extent to which drugs currently requiring a prescription become available on an over-the-counter basis; 

•

The rate at which manufacturers develop new drugs which receive approval for use from governmental regulatory agencies; 

•

Clinical review and analysis, including FDA actions, concerning new and existing drugs and their availability in the marketplace to treat specified health conditions;

•

Expansion of the availability and use of biotechnology-based and injectable therapies; and 

•

Future changes in the marketplace that occur as a result of the Federal government’s Medicare Part D program, which became fully effective on January 1, 2006.

2 

Development of Our Business 

Through 2003, we grew our PBM business primarily through the organic growth provided by our sales force, and we did not
engage in significant acquisitions of businesses subsequent to the discontinuance of our physician practice management (“PPM”) business in 1998. 

On March 24, 2004, we acquired AdvancePCS, which was also a pharmaceutical services/PBM company (the “AdvancePCS Acquisition.”) AdvancePCS
had historically focused on a different customer market segment (primarily health plans) than Caremark (primarily employers). We believe that Caremark Rx and AdvancePCS are complementary companies and that their combination resulted in an
organization with the increased scale, enhanced financial capacity and diversified customer portfolio necessary to increase stockholder value, enhance customer care and increase cost efficiencies. 

Strategy 

Our business strategy centers on providing innovative pharmaceutical solutions and quality customer service in order to
enhance clinical outcomes for the participants in our customers’ health benefit plans, while assisting our customers in better managing their overall healthcare costs. We intend to increase our market share and extend our leadership in the
pharmaceutical services industry through a combination of organic growth (including the addition of new customers) and strategic acquisitions. We believe that our focus on management of our customers’ overall healthcare costs, our mail service,
specialty pharmaceutical and disease management expertise and the breadth and quality of our product and service offerings distinguish us from many of our competitors. 

Operations 

The pharmacy benefit management services we provide for our customers involve the design and administration of programs aimed at reducing the cost and
improving the safety, effectiveness and convenience of prescription drug use. 

Plan Design and Administration. Our customers sponsor pharmacy benefit plans which facilitate the ability of eligible participants in these plans to receive medications prescribed by their physicians. We assist
our customers in designing pharmacy benefit plans that minimize the costs to the customer while prioritizing the welfare and safety of the customer’s participants. We also administer these benefit plans for our customers and assist them in
monitoring the effectiveness of these plans through frequent, informal communications as well as through a formal annual customer review. 

We make recommendations to our customers encouraging them to design benefit plans promoting the use of the lowest cost, most clinically appropriate drug,
including generics when available. We believe that we help our customers control costs by recommending plans that encourage the use of generic equivalents of branded drugs when such equivalents are available. Our customers also have the option,
through plan design, to further lower their pharmacy benefit plan costs by setting different participant payment levels for different products on our drug lists. 

Formulary Development. We utilize an independent panel of doctors, pharmacists and other medical experts, referred to
as our Pharmacy and Therapeutics (“P&T”) Committee, to select drugs that meet the highest standards of safety and efficacy for inclusion on our drug lists. Our drug lists provide recommended products in numerous drug classes to ensure
participant access to clinically appropriate alternatives under the customer’s pharmacy benefit plan. To improve clinical outcomes for participants and customers, we conduct ongoing, independent reviews of all drugs, including, but not limited
to, those appearing on the drug list and generic equivalent products, as well as of our clinical programs. 

Discounted Drug Purchase Arrangements. We negotiate with pharmaceutical manufacturers to obtain discounted acquisition costs for many of the
products on our drug lists, and the customers that choose to adopt 

3 

our drug lists receive reduced costs from these negotiated discounts. The discounted drug purchase arrangements we negotiate typically provide for our
receiving discounts from established list prices in one, or a combination, of the following forms. These discounts may take the form of a direct discount at the time of purchase, a discount for prompt payment of invoices or, when products are
indirectly purchased from a manufacturer (e.g., through a wholesaler or retail pharmacy/chain), a retroactive discount, or rebate. We also receive additional discounts under our wholesale contract if we exceed contractually-defined annual purchase
volumes. We record these discounts, regardless of their form, as a reduction of our cost of revenues. 

Prescription Management Systems. We dispense prescription drugs both directly, through our own pharmacies, and indirectly, through a network of
third-party retail pharmacies. All prescriptions, whether they are filled through one of our mail service pharmacies or through a pharmacy in our retail network, are analyzed, processed and documented by our proprietary prescription management
systems. These systems assist staff and network pharmacists in processing prescriptions by automating tests for various items, including, but not limited to, plan eligibility, early refills, duplicate dispensing, appropriateness of dosage, drug
interactions or allergies, over-utilization and potential fraud. 

Mail Pharmacy Program. We currently operate seven large, automated mail service pharmacies in the continental United States. Our customers or their physicians submit prescriptions, primarily for maintenance medications, to these
pharmacies via mail, telephone, fax or the Internet. We also operate a network of 21 smaller mail service pharmacies (“Specialty Pharmacies”) located throughout the United States and used for delivery of advanced medications to individuals
with chronic or genetic diseases and disorders. Eighteen of the Specialty Pharmacies are accredited by the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Healthcare Organizations (“JCAHO”). Additionally, we operate a United States Food and Drug
Administration (“FDA”) regulated repackaging facility in which we repackage certain drugs into the most common prescription amounts dispensed from our automated mail service pharmacies. 

Our staff pharmacists review mail service prescriptions and refill requests
with the assistance of our prescription management systems. This review may involve communications with the prescribing physician and, with the physician’s approval, can result in generic substitution, therapeutic interchange or other actions
to affect cost or to improve quality of treatment. In these cases, we inform participants about the changes made to their prescriptions. 

Retail Pharmacy Program. Our retail pharmacy program typically allows customers to fill prescriptions at more than 60,000 pharmacies nationwide.
When a customer fills a prescription in a retail pharmacy, the network pharmacist sends prescription data electronically to us from the point-of-sale. This data interfaces with our proprietary prescription management systems, which verify relevant
customer data, including eligibility and participant information, perform drug utilization review to determine clinical appropriateness and safety and confirm that the pharmacy will receive payment for the prescription. 

Quality Assurance. We have adopted and implemented clinical quality
assurance procedures as well as policies and procedures to help ensure regulatory compliance under our quality assurance programs. Each new mail service prescription undergoes a sequence of safety and accuracy checks and is reviewed and verified by
a registered pharmacist before shipment. We also analyze drug-related outcomes to identify opportunities to improve the quality of care. 

Disease Management Programs. Our clinical services utilize advanced protocols and offer customers convenience in working with healthcare providers
and other third parties. Our CarePatterns
®

 and
Accordant
®

 disease management programs cover over
20 diseases, including asthma, coronary artery disease, congestive heart failure, diabetes, hemophilia, rheumatoid arthritis and multiple sclerosis. Nineteen of these disease management programs are accredited by the National Committee for Quality
Assurance (“NCQA”). 

Information Systems. We
currently operate three primary information systems platforms to support our PBM operations, which are supplemented by additional information systems to support our pharmacy operations. 

4 

These PBM information systems incorporate integrated architecture that centralizes the data generated from filling mail service prescriptions, adjudicating
retail pharmacy claims and fulfilling other customer service contracts. These integrated systems allow access to a single data source containing a complete history of prescription activity for each customer. Various data repositories are populated
with the data generated in these systems and are used for analysis of prescription data by our customers and us. 

Medicare Part D 

In 2005, we were approved by the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (“CMS”) to participate in the drug benefit added to the Medicare
program through Part D of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 (“MMA”). In 2006, we began to participate in the administration of drug benefits under Medicare Part D: (i) through the provision of
PBM services to our health plan clients and other clients that have qualified as a Medicare Part D prescription drug plan; (ii) through the offering of Medicare Part D pharmacy benefits by our subsidiary, SilverScript Insurance Company, which
has been approved by CMS as a prescription drug plan under Medicare Part D in all 34 regions into which CMS has divided the United States for management of the Medicare Part D benefit; and (iii) by assisting our employer, union and other
health plan clients that qualify for the retiree drug subsidy available under Medicare Part D by collecting and submitting eligibility and/or drug cost data to CMS for them as required under Part D in order to obtain the subsidy. Because the
Medicare Drug Benefit only recently became effective on January 1, 2006, and because certain aspects of the Medicare Drug Benefit remain subject to further regulatory guidance from CMS, we are not able to fully assess its impact on our
business. 

Additionally, under regulations established by CMS
governing participation in the Medicare Part D program, our prescription drug plan subsidiary, SilverScript Insurance Company, must be a risk-bearing entity regulated under state insurance laws or similar statutes. SilverScript Insurance Company has
applied to the Tennessee Department of Commerce and Insurance for licensure as a domestic insurance company under the applicable laws and regulations of the State of Tennessee and has filed expansion applications for licensure as an insurance
company in other jurisdictions where it may seek to do business. As of the date of this filing, the Tennessee domestic insurance licensure application and expansion insurance licensure applications were pending, and SilverScript Insurance Company
was operating as a Medicare Part D prescription drug plan under a CMS-granted waiver from the requirement to be regulated under state insurance laws. We expect to continue the licensure process for SilverScript Insurance Company in the State of
Tennessee as a domestic insurance company, and in other jurisdictions through approval of the expansion applications during 2006. 

Competition 

We compete with a number of large, national PBM companies, including Medco Health Solutions, Inc. and Express Scripts, Inc. as well as many smaller local
or regional PBMs. We also compete with several large health insurers/managed care plans (e.g., Wellpoint, Aetna, CIGNA) and retail pharmacies (primarily Walgreen and CVS) which have their own PBM capabilities, as well as with several other national
and regional companies which provide services similar to ours. Some of these competitors are large and may possess greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do. To the extent that competitors are owned by retail pharmacies, they may
offer similar services and may have pricing advantages that are unavailable to us and other independent PBM companies. 

We believe the primary competitive factors in the PBM industry include: (i) the ability to negotiate favorable discounts from drug manufacturers;
(ii) the ability to negotiate favorable discounts from, and access to, retail pharmacy networks; (iii) responsiveness to customers’ demands; (iv) the ability to identify and apply effective cost management programs utilizing
clinical strategies; (v) the ability to develop and utilize preferred drug lists; (vi) the ability to market PBM products and services; (vii) the commitment to provide flexible, clinically-oriented services to customers; and
(viii) the quality, scope and costs of products and services offered to customers and their participants. We consider our principal competitive advantages to be our commitment to 

5 

providing flexible, clinically-oriented services to our customers; broad service offerings; mail service, specialty pharmaceutical and disease management
expertise and high quality of customer service as measured by independent surveys. 

Government Regulation 

Overview. As a
participant in the healthcare industry, our business is subject to federal and state laws and regulations and enforcement by federal and state governmental agencies. Various federal and state laws and regulations govern the purchase, sale and
distribution of prescription drugs and related services, including administration and management of prescription drug benefits. Many of our clients, including insurers and managed care organizations (“MCOs”), are themselves subject to
extensive regulations that affect the design and implementation of prescription drug benefit plans that they sponsor. We believe that we are in material compliance with existing laws and regulations that are applicable to our business. However, the
application of complex standards to the detailed operation of our business always creates areas of uncertainty. Moreover, regulation of the healthcare industry continues to evolve, and there are numerous proposed healthcare laws and regulations at
the federal and state levels, many of which could adversely affect our business if they are enacted. We are unable to predict what additional federal or state legislation or regulatory initiatives may be enacted in the future relating to our
business or the healthcare industry in general, or what effect any such legislation or regulations might have on us. Any failure or alleged failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations, or any adverse applications of, or changes in, the
laws and regulations affecting our business, could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

Among the existing federal and state laws and regulations that affect aspects of our business are the following: 

Anti-Remuneration Laws. Federal law prohibits, among other things, an
entity from knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving, subject to certain exceptions and “safe harbors,” any remuneration to induce the referral of individuals or the purchase, lease or order (or the arranging for
or recommending of the purchase, lease or order) of items or services for which payment may be made under Medicare, Medicaid or certain other federal healthcare programs. A number of states have similar laws, some of which are not limited to
services for which government-funded payment may be made. State laws and exceptions or safe harbors vary and have been infrequently interpreted by courts or regulatory agencies. Sanctions for violating these federal and state anti-remuneration laws
may include imprisonment, criminal and civil fines, and exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other government sponsored healthcare programs. The federal anti-remuneration law has been interpreted broadly by some courts, the Office
of Inspector General (“OIG”) within the United States Department of Health and Human Services (“HHS”) and administrative bodies. Because of the federal statute’s broad scope, HHS established certain safe harbor regulations
that specify various payment practices that are protected from criminal or civil liability. Safe harbors exist for certain discounts offered to purchasers, certain personal services arrangements and certain payments made by vendors to group
purchasing organizations, as well as for other transactions and relationships. In October 2005, pursuant to the MMA, the OIG proposed an additional safe harbor for certain arrangements involving the provision of certain electronic prescribing
technology to prescribers by certain entities, including prescription drug plans and Medicare Advantage organizations under Medicare Part D. While the proposed e-prescribing safe harbor is narrow in scope and application, the OIG has solicited
comments for additional safe harbors to protect the provision of multi-functional hardware and to permit additional designated health service providers to supply the e-prescribing technology. Nonetheless, a practice that does not fall within a safe
harbor is not necessarily unlawful but may be subject to challenge by HHS. 

In April 2003, the OIG issued a Compliance Program Guidance for Pharmaceutical Manufacturers (the “OIG Guidance”). In the OIG Guidance, the OIG identified three major potential risk areas for pharmaceutical
manufacturers: (i) integrity of data used by state and federal governments to establish payment; (ii) kickbacks and other illegal remuneration; and (iii) compliance with laws regulating drug samples. The OIG Guidance highlighted a
number of practices that the OIG had previously identified as potentially improper under the federal anti-remuneration law, such as certain “product conversion programs” in which benefits are given by drug 

6 

manufacturers to pharmacists or physicians for changing a prescription from one drug to another. The OIG Guidance also discusses a number of traditional
relationships between pharmaceutical manufacturers and PBMs, such as discount payments, service offerings and data sales, and recommends that such relationships be structured wherever possible to fit within an applicable safe harbor. This
recommendation is consistent with our approach to contracting with pharmaceutical manufacturers. 

The federal anti-remuneration law has been cited as a partial basis, along with state consumer protection laws, for investigations and multi-state
settlements relating to financial incentives provided by drug manufacturers to retail pharmacies in connection with product conversion programs. Additionally, certain governmental entities have commenced investigations of companies in the
pharmaceutical services industry and have identified issues concerning development of preferred drug lists, therapeutic substitution programs, pricing of pharmaceutical products and discounts from prescription drug manufacturers. 

Antitrust. Numerous lawsuits have been filed throughout the United
States under various state and federal antitrust laws by retail pharmacies against drug manufacturers challenging certain brand drug pricing practices. These suits allege, in part, that the pharmaceutical manufacturers offered, and we and certain
other PBMs knowingly accepted, rebates and discounts on purchases of brand-name prescription drugs in violation of the federal Robinson-Patman Act and the federal Sherman Act. The Robinson-Patman Act generally prohibits discriminatory pricing
practices. The Sherman Act generally prohibits contracts and combinations that unreasonably restrain trade or facilitate monopolization of any part of interstate commerce. An adverse outcome in any of these lawsuits could require defendant drug
manufacturers to provide the same types of discounts on pharmaceuticals to retail pharmacies and buying groups as are provided to PBMs and managed care entities, to the extent that their respective abilities to influence market share are comparable.
This practice, if generally followed in the industry, could increase competition from pharmacy chains and buying groups and reduce or eliminate the availability of certain discounts currently received in connection with our drug purchases. In
addition, several lawsuits have been filed against us and some of our PBM competitors by certain retail pharmacies and pharmacy-supported interest groups alleging that PBM practices relating to maintaining retail pharmacy networks constitute
antitrust violations under the Sherman Act. To the extent that we appear to have actual or potential market power in a relevant market, our business arrangements and practices may be subject to heightened scrutiny from an anti-competitive
perspective and possible challenge by state or federal regulators or private parties. See Item 3, “Legal Proceedings” for further information. 

Comprehensive PBM Regulation. Legislation seeking to regulate PBM activities in a comprehensive manner has been introduced in a number of states.
This legislation varies in scope and often contains provisions that: (i) impose certain fiduciary duties upon PBMs to customers and plan participants; (ii) require PBMs to remit to customers or their plan participants certain rebates,
discounts and other amounts received by PBMs related to the sale of drugs; (iii) regulate product substitution and intervention; and/or (iv) impose broad disclosure obligations upon PBMs to customers and their plan participants. The
District of Columbia and several states, including Maine, have enacted statutes with similar provisions. The Pharmaceutical Care Management Association (“PCMA”), a national trade association representing PBMs, filed separate actions in
Maine and the District of Columbia questioning the validity of their statutes on various grounds. The Maine district court granted summary judgment in favor of Maine and lifted an injunction obtained by PCMA preventing enforcement of the statute.
The district court decision was affirmed by the First Circuit Court of Appeals, and PCMA is evaluating whether to seek further review by the United States Supreme Court. The District of Columbia district court preliminarily enjoined enforcement of
the District of Columbia statute, and the District of Columbia appealed the decision to the D.C. Court of Appeals. The D.C. Court of Appeals has remanded the case to the district court for reconsideration in light of the First Circuit’s ruling
in the Maine case. To the extent states or other government entities enact legislation regulating PBMs that survive legal challenges to their enforceability, such legislation could adversely impact our ability to conduct business on commercially
reasonable terms in locations where the legislation is in effect. 

Legislative initiatives seeking to regulate PBMs often have the support of associations representing community and independent pharmacists as well as national chain pharmacies. Such legislation, if enacted, could 

7 

adversely impact the services we provide to our customers and the competitive pricing we are able to provide our customers to help them reduce their pharmacy
benefit costs. In addition, certain quasi-regulatory organizations, including the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy (“NABP”), an organization of state boards of pharmacy, and the National Association of Insurance Commissioners
(“NAIC”), an organization of state insurance regulators, have issued regulations or may propose future regulations concerning PBMs and/or PBM activities, and NCQA, URAC or other credentialing organizations may provide voluntary standards
regarding PBM activities. While the actions of these quasi-regulatory organizations would not have the force of law, they may influence states to adopt their requirements or model acts or their recommended standards of practice and influence
customers’ requirements of PBM services. Moreover, any standards established by these organizations could also impact our health plan customers and/or the services we provide to them. 

In addition to state statutes and regulations, we are also subject to state
common laws to the extent applied to PBMs through judicial interpretation or otherwise. Potential common law claims could involve, for example, breach of fiduciary duty, constructive fraud, fraud or unjust enrichment. The application of these common
laws to PBMs and/or PBM activities could have an adverse impact on our ability to conduct business on commercially reasonable terms. 

Consumer Protection Laws. The federal government and most states have consumer protection laws that have been the basis for investigations,
lawsuits and multi-state settlements relating to financial incentives provided by drug manufacturers to pharmacies in connection with therapeutic substitution programs. In 2004, we received Civil Investigative Demands (“CIDs”) from a
number of state attorneys general requesting information concerning our business practices pursuant to applicable state consumer protection laws. See Item 3, “Legal Proceedings” for further information concerning these investigations.
At least two other PBMs have received similar requests for information, and one of these PBMs reached a settlement with certain states that had issued such requests. 

Corporate Integrity Agreement. In September 2005, our subsidiary, AdvancePCS, entered into a settlement
agreement with the federal government. The settlement related to an investigation commenced in 1999 by the United States Attorney’s Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania of certain business practices of AdvancePCS, which became our
subsidiary in March 2004. Under the terms of the settlement, AdvancePCS agreed, among other things, to pay $137.5 million to settle disputed claims, to adhere to certain business practices pursuant to a consent order and to maintain a compliance
program in accordance with a corporate integrity agreement (“CIA”). Caremark and all of its subsidiaries and affiliates have agreed, with limited exceptions, to comply with the requirements of the CIA applicable to AdvancePCS. The CIA,
which is effective for five years, requires, in part, that we maintain our current compliance program; complete additional training requirements; report and return any overpayments received from federal health care programs; notify the OIG of any
new investigations or legal proceedings initiated by a governmental entity involving an allegation of fraud or criminal conduct against us; engage an independent review organization to perform limited annual audits; and submit regular reports to the
OIG regarding our compliance with the CIA. Failure to meet our obligations under the CIA could result in stipulated financial penalties. In addition, failure to comply with material terms could lead to exclusion from further participation in federal
health care programs. See Item 3, “Legal Proceedings” for more information regarding the OIG investigation. 

Customer Audit. From time-to-time, we are subject to customer audits of our services pursuant to certain provisions in our customer contracts that
grant audit rights. These contract provisions are customary in our contracts, and the audits are typically conducted by or on behalf of our customers. Because some of our customer contracts are with state or federal governments, audits of these
agreements are often regulated by the federal or state agencies responsible for administering federal or state benefits programs maintained by our customers. The audits generally focus on, among other things, compliance with the applicable terms of
our customer contract and applicable legal requirements. 

8 

Disease Management Services Regulation. We provide customers with clinical services in the form of
disease management programs for certain diseases, including, among others, asthma, diabetes, coronary artery disease and congestive heart failure. We employ nurses and other clinicians, where needed, to develop and implement our disease management
programs. All states regulate the practice of medicine and the practice of nursing, and employees engaged in the practice of nursing must satisfy applicable state licensing requirements. 

ERISA Regulation. The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), provides for
comprehensive federal regulation of certain employee pension and health benefit plans, including self-funded corporate health plans and certain other plans that contract with us to provide prescription benefit goods and services. In general, we
assist plan sponsors in the administration of the prescription drug portion of their health benefit plans, in accordance with the plan designs adopted by the plan sponsors. We do not believe that the conduct of our business subjects us to the
fiduciary obligations of ERISA, except when we have specifically contracted with a plan sponsor to accept limited fiduciary responsibility for the adjudication of initial prescription drug benefit claims and/or the appeals of denied claims under a
plan. We are currently party to several lawsuits alleging that we act as a fiduciary, as such term is defined by ERISA, with respect to health benefit plans and that we have breached certain fiduciary obligations under ERISA. See Item 3,
“Legal Proceedings” for further information concerning these lawsuits. 

In addition to its fiduciary provisions, ERISA imposes civil and criminal liability on service providers to covered health plans and certain other persons, if certain forms or excessive amounts of remuneration are
paid or received. These provisions of ERISA are similar, but not identical, to the healthcare anti-remuneration statutes discussed elsewhere in this Government Regulation section, and they do not contain the statutory and regulatory “safe
harbor” exceptions included in other healthcare statutes. These provisions of ERISA are broadly written, and we cannot be certain of the extent to which they could be deemed applicable to the conduct of our business. 

State laws discussed in this Government Regulation section that may be
applicable to us or to plan sponsors that are our customers may be preempted in whole or in part by ERISA. However, the scope of ERISA preemption is uncertain and is subject to conflicting court rulings. 

False Claims and Fraudulent Billing Statutes. A range of federal civil
and criminal laws target false claims and fraudulent billing activities. One of the most significant of these laws is the Federal False Claims Act, which prohibits the submission of a false claim or the making of a false record or statement in order
to secure reimbursement from a government-sponsored program. Some states have passed substantially similar acts. In recent years, federal and state governments have launched several initiatives aimed at uncovering practices that violate false claims
or fraudulent billing laws. Claims under these laws may be brought either by the government or by private individuals on behalf of the government through a 
qui tam or “whistleblower” action. Such actions, which are discussed in more
detail elsewhere in this Government Regulation section, are typically filed under seal pending a government review of the allegations and may remain secret from the named defendant for years. 

In addition, federal and state governments have commenced numerous
investigations of various pharmaceutical manufacturers, PBMs and healthcare providers in recent years with respect to false claims, fraudulent billing and related matters. The federal government has entered into settlement agreements with several
companies in the pharmaceutical services industry following claims by the federal government that such parties violated the Federal False Claims Act by: (i) improperly marketing and pricing drugs; (ii) overstating the average wholesale
prices of products; (iii) paying illegal remuneration to induce the purchase of drugs; and/or (iv) failing to accurately report “best price” under the Medicaid program. 

FDA Regulation. The FDA generally has authority to regulate drug
promotional information and materials that are disseminated by a drug manufacturer or by other persons on behalf of a drug manufacturer. While the FDA is not currently asserting jurisdiction over certain aspects of our PBM business, including the
Internet sale of prescription drugs, therapeutic substitution activities or communications with physicians and others concerning our PBM services, there can be no assurance that the FDA will not seek to impose such regulation in the future.

9 

The FDA also regulates the conduct of clinical trials for drugs, and the interpretation of the laws and
regulations relating to the conduct of clinical trials is complex and sometimes subjective. In general, the sponsor of the drug product that is being studied, or the manufacturer that will have the right to market the drug product if it is approved
by the FDA, has the responsibility to comply with the laws and regulations that apply to the conduct of the clinical trials. However, in providing certain clinical investigation services related to the conduct of clinical trials, we may assume some
or all of the obligations related to the study of the drug. In addition, we operate a FDA-regulated repackaging facility in which we repackage certain drugs into the most common prescription quantities dispensed from our mail service pharmacies. The
FDA also may inspect facilities in connection with procedures implemented to effect recalls of prescription drugs. 

Formulary Regulation. A number of states have begun to regulate the administration of prescription drug benefits. For example, some states have
passed laws mandating coverage for off-label uses of drug products where those uses are recognized in peer-reviewed medical journals or reference compendia. Other states have enacted laws that regulate the development and use of formularies by
insurers, MCOs and other third party payors. These laws have included requirements on the development, review and update of formularies, the role and composition of pharmacy and therapeutics committees, the disclosure of formulary information to
health plan members, and a process for allowing members to obtain non-preferred drugs without additional cost-sharing when they are medically necessary and are determined to be clinically appropriate. Additionally, the NAIC has developed a model
law, the “Health Carriers Prescription Drug Benefit Management Model Act,” that addresses formulary regulation issues for risk-bearing entities regulated by state insurance commissioners. The federal MMA discussed elsewhere in this
Government Regulation section also regulates how formularies are developed for, and administered to, beneficiaries of the Medicare Drug Benefit. To the extent that such legislation would be applicable to our business, increasing government
regulation of formularies could significantly affect our ability to develop and administer formularies on behalf of our insurer, MCO and other customers. 

Managed Care Reform. Proposed legislation has been considered on both the federal and state level, and legislation has been enacted in several
states, aimed primarily at providing additional rights and access to drugs to individuals enrolled in managed care plans. This legislation, if enacted, could impact the design and implementation of prescription drug benefit plans sponsored by our
health plan customers and/or the services we provide to them. Some of these initiatives would, among other things: (i) require that health plan members have greater access to drugs not included on a plan’s formulary; (ii) give health
plan members the right to sue their health plans for malpractice if they have been denied care; and/or (iii) mandate the content of the appeals or grievance process when a health plan member is denied coverage. Both the scope of the managed
care reform proposals considered by Congress and state legislatures and reforms enacted by states to date vary greatly, and the scope of future legislation that may be enacted is uncertain. 

Medicare Prescription Drug Benefit. The MMA, which was enacted in
2003, created a new, voluntary prescription drug benefit under the Social Security Act (“Medicare Drug Benefit”). Beginning in January 2006, Medicare beneficiaries entitled to Medicare benefits under Part A or enrolled in Medicare Part B
are eligible for the Medicare Drug Benefit. Regulations implementing the Medicare Drug Benefit were published beginning in January 2005 and include, without limitation, requirements relating to developing and administering formularies, establishing
pharmacy networks, processing and adjudicating claims at point of sale and compliance with electronic prescribing (e-prescribing) standards. The MMA also required that the FTC conduct a study regarding certain competitive aspects of PBM services and
make recommendations regarding additional legislation that may be needed concerning the Medicare Drug Benefit. The FTC issued a report in September 2005 relating to ownership of mail order pharmacies by PBMs and the impact of such ownership on
pricing of pharmaceuticals. 

We participate in the
administration of the Medicare Drug Benefit: (i) through the provision of PBM services to our health plan clients and other clients that have qualified as a Medicare Part D prescription drug plan; (ii) through the offering of Medicare Part
D pharmacy benefits by our subsidiary, SilverScript Insurance Company, which has been approved by CMS as a prescription drug plan under Medicare Part D in all regions of the country; and (iii) by assisting employer, union and other health plan
clients that qualify for the retiree drug 

10 

subsidy available under Medicare Part D by collecting and submitting eligibility and/or drug cost data to CMS for them as required under Part D in order to
obtain the subsidy. Because the Medicare Drug Benefit only recently became effective on January 1, 2006, and because certain aspects of the Medicare Drug Benefit remain subject to further regulatory guidance from CMS, we are not able to fully
assess its impact on our business. 

The MMA also established a
voluntary, Medicare-endorsed prescription drug discount card program (“Medicare Card Program”), which took effect in June 2004 and will remain in place until completion of enrollment in the Medicare Drug Benefit in May 2006. We were
approved by CMS as a sponsor of Medicare-endorsed discount card programs. With a number of our programs, we work with other organizations that lend their name and logo to the program and participate in marketing the program to Medicare beneficiaries
who have established relationships with these organizations. We also provide services to other discount card sponsors. 

Network Access Legislation. A majority of states now have some form of legislation affecting the ability to limit access to a pharmacy provider
network or remove network providers. Certain “any willing provider” legislation may require us or our customers to admit a non-participating retail pharmacy if such retail pharmacy is willing and able to meet the plan’s price and
other applicable terms and conditions for network participation. These laws vary significantly from state to state in regard to scope, requirements and application. ERISA plans and payors have challenged the application of such laws on the basis of
ERISA preemption. However, the scope of ERISA preemption is uncertain and is subject to conflicting court rulings. In April 2003, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that the State of Kentucky’s “any willing provider” law is not preempted by
ERISA as it relates to certain activities of MCOs to maintain limited provider networks. The application of this decision to any willing provider laws of other states is uncertain. 

In addition, the MMA contains an “any willing provider” requirement for pharmacy participation in the Medicare
Drug Benefit, which provides that a Medicare Part D prescription drug plan must, under certain circumstances, allow participation by any pharmacy that meets the terms and conditions for participation that the plan has established. To the extent any
state or federal any willing provider laws are determined to apply to us or to certain of our customers or to the retail, mail and/or specialty pharmacy networks our customers have selected, such laws could negatively impact the PBM services and
economic benefits achievable through a limited pharmacy provider network. 

Some states also have enacted “due process” legislation that may prohibit the removal of a provider from a pharmacy network except in compliance with certain procedures. Other state legislation prohibits
days’ supply limitations or copayment differentials between mail service and retail pharmacy providers. 

Pharmacy Licensure and Regulation. We are subject to state and federal statutes and regulations governing the operation of pharmacies, repackaging
of drug products, wholesale distribution, dispensing of controlled substances and medical waste disposal. Federal statutes and regulations govern the labeling, packaging, advertising and adulteration of prescription drugs and the dispensing of
controlled substances. Federal controlled substance laws require us to register our pharmacies and our repackaging facility with the United States Drug Enforcement Administration and to comply with security, recordkeeping, inventory control and
labeling standards in order to dispense controlled substances. 

State pharmacy laws generally require compliance with state pharmacy licensure, registration or permit standards promulgated by the state pharmacy licensing authority. Such standards often address the qualifications of an applicant’s
personnel, the adequacy of its prescription fulfillment and inventory control practices and the adequacy of its facilities. In general, pharmacy licenses are renewed annually. State controlled substance laws may also require licensure or
registration with the state pharmacy licensing authority or other regulatory body. Pharmacists employed by each of our pharmacies must also satisfy applicable state licensing requirements. Several states require that we employ a pharmacist licensed
in that state. Also, pharmacy technicians must comply with applicable state registration requirements or, in some states, licensure. In addition, our 18 JCAHO-accredited specialty pharmacies must maintain certain quality and other standards to
retain this accreditation. 

11 

Most states generally permit the dispensing pharmacy to follow the laws of the state within which the
dispensing pharmacy is located, although a few states require that the dispensing pharmacy follow the laws of the states into which prescription drugs are delivered. Many of the states into which we deliver prescription drugs from our pharmacies
have laws and regulations that require out-of-state mail service pharmacies to register with, or be licensed by, the board of pharmacy or similar regulatory body in the state. In addition, we have pharmacy resource centers and clinical call centers
that provide support to our mail service pharmacies. Depending on the nature of the activities performed, these clinical call centers may require a pharmacy license in the state in which they operate. We believe that we have registered or obtained
licenses for our pharmacies with every state and governmental authority requiring such registration or licensure 

In some of the states where our dispensing pharmacies are located, state regulations require compliance with standards promulgated by the United States
Pharmacopeia (“USP”), a nonprofit organization whose members represent various healthcare professions, industry, government and academia. USP creates standards in the packaging, storage and shipping of pharmaceuticals. 

We also are subject to certain federal and state laws affecting on-line
pharmacies because we dispense prescription drugs pursuant to refill orders received through our Internet website, among other methods. Several states have proposed new laws to regulate on-line pharmacies, and federal regulation of on-line
pharmacies by the FDA or another federal agency has also been proposed. 

Other statutes and regulations may affect our mail service operations. For example, the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) requires mail service sellers of goods generally to engage in truthful advertising, to stock a reasonable
supply of the products to be sold, to fill mail service orders within thirty days and to provide clients with refunds when appropriate. In addition, the United States Postal Service (“USPS”) has statutory authority to restrict the
transmission of drugs and medicines through the mail. To date, however, the USPS has not exercised such statutory authority in any manner that adversely affects our mail service operations. 

Plan Design Legislation. Some states have enacted legislation that
prohibits a health plan sponsor from implementing certain restrictive design features, and many states have introduced legislation to regulate various aspects of managed care plans, including provisions relating to pharmacy benefits. For example,
some states have adopted “freedom of choice” legislation, which provides that: (i) members of a plan may not be required to use network providers but must instead be provided with benefits even if they choose to use non-network
providers or (ii) a plan participant may sue his or her health plan if care is denied. Various states have enacted, or have considered enacting, legislation regarding plan design mandates, including legislation that prohibits or restricts
therapeutic substitution, requires coverage of all drugs approved by the FDA or prohibits denial of coverage for non-FDA approved uses. Some states mandate coverage of certain benefits or conditions. Such legislation does not generally apply to us,
but it may apply to certain of our customers (generally, MCOs and health insurers). If such legislation were to become widespread and broad in scope, it could have the effect of limiting the economic benefits achievable by our customers through
PBMs. Additionally, in late 2000, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission issued a decision holding that two ERISA plans discriminated in violation of Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 by failing to cover oral contraceptives when other
preventive medications were covered. As with legislation imposing plan design mandates, this decision may apply to certain of our customers and could have the effect of limiting the economic benefits achievable through pharmacy benefit management if
it is applied broadly. 

Other states have enacted legislation
purporting to prohibit health plans not covered by ERISA from requiring or offering members financial incentives for use of mail service pharmacies. We are not aware of any formal administrative or judicial efforts to enforce such laws. 

Privacy and Confidentiality Legislation. Many of our activities
involve the receipt, use and disclosure by us of confidential health information, including disclosure of the confidential information to a participant’s health benefit plan, as permitted in accordance with applicable federal and state privacy
laws. In addition, we use and disclose de-identified data for analytical and other purposes. The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”) privacy rule imposes extensive requirements on the way in which health
plans, healthcare providers, healthcare clearinghouses and their business associates use and disclose protected health 

12 

information (“PHI”). This privacy rule gives individuals the right to know how their PHI is used and disclosed, the right to request restrictions
on how PHI may be used or disclosed and the right of access to certain other information concerning disclosures of PHI. Covered entities, such as pharmacies, are required to provide a written Notice of Privacy Practices to individuals that describes
how the entity uses and discloses PHI, and how individuals may exercise their rights with respect to their PHI. For most uses and disclosures of PHI other than for treatment, payment, healthcare operations or certain public policy purposes, the rule
generally requires that covered entities obtain a valid written individual authorization. In most cases, use or disclosure of PHI must be limited to the minimum amount necessary to achieve the purpose of the use or disclosure. Criminal penalties and
civil sanctions may be imposed for failing to comply with HIPAA standards. 

In addition to the federal health information privacy regulations described above, most states have enacted health care information confidentiality laws, which limit the disclosure of confidential medical information.
The HIPAA privacy rule does not preempt state laws regarding health information privacy that are more restrictive than HIPAA. 

HHS also issued, pursuant to HIPAA, regulations establishing transaction standards and code sets for the electronic transmission of healthcare
information. These regulations impose national, uniform standards that must be used by healthcare providers, healthcare clearinghouses, health plans and their business associates that conduct certain healthcare transactions electronically. The
regulations also mandate the use of certain code sets in connection with the standard transactions. In addition, HHS issued regulations pursuant to HIPAA that govern the security of electronic PHI (the “Security Standards”). The Security
Standards impose extensive additional administrative, physical, and technical requirements on health plans, most healthcare providers, healthcare clearinghouses and their business associates regarding the availability, confidentiality and integrity
of electronic PHI. 

In response to concerns about identity
theft, many states have passed laws requiring notification to consumers of security breaches involving personal information. These laws generally require an entity conducting business in the state to notify consumers when their personal information
has been, or is reasonably believed to have been, acquired by an unauthorized person. In some cases, the law applies only to unencrypted computerized information, but in others it applies to personal information in any form. In addition to requiring
notification to the affected individuals without unreasonable delay, many state laws also require notification to government agencies, such as the State Attorney General or consumer protection agencies. In light of the large number of different
state laws and standards, Congress is considering several bills on the subject. If a federal security breach law is passed, it could potentially create a single national standard that would make compliance less burdensome for businesses operating in
numerous jurisdictions. 

Reimbursement. A portion of our
net revenue is derived directly from Medicare, Medicaid and other government sponsored healthcare programs, and we are therefore subject to, among other laws and regulations, federal and state anti-remuneration laws, the Stark Law and/or federal and
state false claims laws. Sanctions for violating these federal and/or state laws may include, without limitation, criminal and civil penalties and exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other government healthcare programs. Also, we
provide products and services to managed care entities that provide services to beneficiaries of Medicare, Medicaid and other government-sponsored healthcare programs. 

The federal government and numerous state governments have given increased attention to how pharmaceutical manufacturers
develop and report pricing information, which, in turn, is used in setting payments under the Medicare and Medicaid programs. One element common to most payment formulas, Average Wholesale Price (“AWP”), has come under criticism for
allegedly inaccurately reflecting prices actually charged and paid at the wholesale level. The federal government and state governments are currently investigating the calculation and reporting of AWP for Medicare and Medicaid reimbursement. In the
OIG Guidance, the OIG stated that a pharmaceutical manufacturer’s purposeful manipulation of AWP to increase its customers’ profits by increasing the amount that federal healthcare programs reimburse its customers implicates the federal
anti-remuneration law. Several states have filed lawsuits against pharmaceutical manufacturers alleging that they 

13 

illegally inflated actual prices for prescription drugs. In addition, class action lawsuits have been brought by consumers against pharmaceutical
manufacturers alleging overstatement of AWP. We are not responsible for calculations, reports or payments of AWP; however, there can be no assurance that our ability to negotiate discounts from drug manufacturers will not be materially adversely
affected by such investigations or lawsuits in the future. 

Under the MMA, the “average sales price,” or ASP, has replaced AWP as the basis for reimbursing physicians, and sometimes pharmacies, for outpatient prescription drugs under Medicare Part B. For single source drugs, the payment
will equal 106 percent of the lesser of: (i) the wholesale acquisition cost (“WAC”) of the product; or (ii) the ASP of the product. ASP is the weighted average of a manufacturer’s sales to all purchasers in a given quarter,
after certain pricing adjustments such as discounts or rebates and excluding sales to certain government and other purchasers. 

In addition, the MMA provides for the establishment of a competitive acquisition program (“CAP”), a voluntary program that offers physicians an
option to acquire certain Part B drugs from vendors who are selected in a competitive bidding process as an alternative to physicians directly purchasing the drugs and being reimbursed by Medicare. The CAP vendors will be responsible for billing
Medicare and collecting any applicable deductible and coinsurance from beneficiaries for drugs included in the CAP. Physicians who choose to participate in the CAP will continue to be paid for the costs of administering the drugs. The CAP
applies only to certain Part B drugs that are administered to a Medicare beneficiary in the physician’s office. The CAP will go into effect July 1, 2006, and the physician’s selection of their CAP vendors is scheduled to begin in
April 2006. The CAP does not apply to drugs covered under Medicare Part D. Caremark has filed an application to be considered for selection as a CAP vendor. 

Further, the federal Medicaid rebate program requires participating drug manufacturers to provide rebates on all drugs purchased by state Medicaid
programs. Manufacturers of brand name products must provide a rebate equivalent to the greater of: (a) 15.1% of the “average manufacturer price” (“AMP”) paid by wholesalers for products distributed to the retail pharmacy
class of trade or (b) the difference between AMP and the “best price” available to essentially any customer other than the Medicaid program, with certain exceptions. Investigations have been commenced by certain governmental entities
that question whether “best price” was properly calculated, reported and paid by the manufacturers to the Medicaid programs. We are not responsible for calculations, reports or payments of “best price.” There can be no assurance,
however, that our ability to negotiate rebates from drug manufacturers will not be materially adversely affected by such investigations in the future. 

In addition, certain state Medicaid programs only allow for reimbursement to pharmacies residing in the state or in a border state. While we believe that
we can service our current Medicaid customers through our existing pharmacies, there can be no assurance that additional states will not enact in-state dispensing requirements for their Medicaid programs. 

Some states have adopted legislation and regulations requiring that a
pharmacy participating in the state Medicaid program give the state the “best price” that the pharmacy makes available to any third-party payor. These requirements are sometimes referred to as “most favored nation pricing”
payment systems. Other states have enacted “unitary pricing” legislation, which mandates that all wholesale purchasers of drugs within the state be given access to the same discounts and incentives. A number of states have also recently
introduced legislation seeking to control drug prices through various statutory limits, rebates or discounts extending to one or more categories of the state’s population. 

Changes in the reporting of AWP or in the basis for calculating reimbursement proposed by the federal government and certain
states, and other legislative or regulatory adjustments that may be made regarding the reimbursement of payments for drugs by Medicaid and Medicare, could impact our pricing to customers and other payors and could impact our ability to negotiate
discounts with manufacturers, wholesalers or retail pharmacies. In some circumstances, such changes could also impact the reimbursement that we receive from 

14 

Medicare or Medicaid programs for drugs covered by such programs and from MCOs that contract with government health programs to provide prescription drug
benefits. 

Reimportation. The MMA amended the Food, Drug
and Cosmetic Act by providing that the FDA should promulgate rules that would permit pharmacists and wholesalers to import prescription drugs from Canada into the United States under certain circumstances. However, the promulgation of such rules is
subject to a precondition that the FDA certify to Congress that such re-importation would not pose any additional risk to the public’s health and safety and that it would result in a significant cost reduction. To date, the FDA has not provided
such a certification. We have no assurance that the FDA will not change its position and permit the importation of drugs from Canada in the future or that new legislation or regulations will not permit the importation of drugs from the European
Union or other countries in the future. 

Self-Referral Laws.
The federal law commonly known as the “Stark Law” prohibits a physician from referring Medicare or Medicaid beneficiaries for “designated health services” (which include, among other things, outpatient prescription drugs,
home health services and durable medical equipment and supplies) to an entity with which the physician or an immediate family member of the physician has a “financial relationship” and prohibits the entity receiving a prohibited referral
from presenting a claim to Medicare or Medicaid for the designated health service furnished under the prohibited referral. Possible penalties for violation of the Stark Law include denial of payment, refund of amounts collected in violation of the
statute, civil monetary penalties and Medicare and Medicaid program exclusion. The Stark Law contains certain statutory and regulatory exceptions for physician referrals and physician financial relationships, including certain physician consulting
arrangements, fair market value purchases by physicians and other transactions and relationships. We do not believe that we receive any referrals from any physician who has (or whose immediate family member has) a financial relationship with us
that, under the Stark Law and related regulations, would bar the physician from making referrals to us or bar the presentation of any claim based on such referrals. In October 2005, pursuant to the MMA, CMS proposed an additional Stark exception for
certain arrangements involving the provision of electronic prescribing technology to physicians by certain entities, including prescription drug plans and Medicare Advantage organizations under Medicare Part D. 

State statutes and regulations also prohibit payments for the referral of
individuals by physicians to healthcare providers with whom the physicians have a financial relationship. Some of these state statutes and regulations apply to services reimbursed by governmental as well as private payors. Violation of these laws
may result in prohibition of payment for services rendered, loss of pharmacy or healthcare provider licenses, fines and criminal penalties. The laws and exceptions or safe harbors may vary from the federal Stark Law and vary significantly from state
to state. The laws are often vague, and, in many cases, have not been interpreted by courts or regulatory agencies. 

State Insurance Laws. Fee-for-service prescription drug plans and our PBM service contracts, including those in which we assume certain risk under
performance guaranties or similar arrangements, are generally not subject to insurance regulation by the states. However, if a PBM offers to provide prescription drug coverage on a capitated basis or otherwise accepts material financial risk in
providing pharmacy benefits, laws and regulations in various states may be applicable. Such laws may require that the party at risk establish reserves or otherwise demonstrate financial viability. Laws that may apply in such cases include insurance
laws and laws governing MCOs and limited prepaid health service plans. 

To participate as a prescription drug plan under the Medicare Drug Benefit, we formed a subsidiary named SilverScript Insurance Company. Pursuant to the MMA, SilverScript Insurance Company must be licensed as a risk-bearing entity under
state laws or have obtained a waiver of the licensing requirement from CMS. SilverScript Insurance Company has applied to the Tennessee Department of Commerce and Insurance for licensure as a domestic insurance company under the applicable laws and
regulations of the State of Tennessee and has filed expansion applications for licensure as an insurance company in other jurisdictions where it may seek to do business. Upon becoming a licensed insurance company, SilverScript Insurance Company will
become subject to various state insurance regulations that generally require, among other things, maintenance of 

15 

capital and surplus requirements, review of certain material transactions and the filing of various financial and operational reports. Because SilverScript
Insurance Company demonstrated to CMS that it filed substantially complete licensure applications in the jurisdictions where it seeks to do business, CMS granted waivers from the licensing requirement. Generally, waivers are effective for up to
thirty-six (36) months and are not renewable unless CMS determines that the state in question does not have a licensing process in effect with respect to prescription benefit plans. If SilverScript Insurance Company is unable either to acquire
all necessary insurance licenses or to maintain waivers of such licensing requirements, there may be a materially adverse impact on SilverScript Insurance Company’s ability to participate in the Medicare Drug Benefit as a prescription drug
plan. Pursuant to the MMA, state insurance licensing, insurance agent/broker licensure and solvency laws and regulations are generally applicable to prescription drug plans, but the application of other state laws to the Medicare Drug Benefit is
preempted by Medicare Part D to the extent that Medicare Part D regulates the issue. 

Some states have laws that prohibit submitting a false claim or making a false record or statement in order to secure reimbursement from an insurance company. These state laws vary, and violation of them may lead to
the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. Additionally, several states have passed legislation governing the prompt payment of claims that requires, among other things, that health plans and payors pay claims within certain prescribed time
periods or pay specified interest penalties. These laws vary from state to state in regard to scope, requirements and application, and it is not clear the extent to which they may apply to our customers or to us. Certain health plans and payors may
be exempt from such laws on the basis of ERISA preemption, but the scope of ERISA preemption is unclear. 

State Prescription Drug Assistance Programs. Many states are also considering establishing or have expanded state drug assistance programs that
would increase access to drugs by those currently without coverage. Many states have established or modified their drug assistance programs for the elderly so that they constitute qualified state pharmacy assistance programs (“SPAPs”) that
supplement the Medicare Drug Benefit. Payments by qualified SPAPs on behalf of a Medicare Part D enrollee are treated under Medicare Part D as if they were made by the enrollees themselves, thereby counting towards the enrollees’ true
out-of-pocket costs and helping them qualify for catastrophic coverage sooner. Prescription drug plans under Medicare Part D are required to coordinate benefits with SPAPs, including allowing SPAPs to subsidize the Medicare Part D premiums of their
members and/or their Medicare Part D cost sharing. Some qualified SPAPs have also received permission from CMS to auto-assign their enrollees that do not choose their own Medicare Part D plans into Medicare Part D plans. We have been and continue to
be in active discussions with SPAPs to coordinate benefits with our Medicare Drug Benefit offerings and, where applicable, enrollment by SPAP members into our prescription drug plan under Medicare Part D. Since enrollment in prescription drug plans
under Medicare Part D has only recently started, we are not able to assess at this time what will be the impact of the qualified SPAPs on our or our clients’ Medicare Drug Benefit offerings. 

Third-Party Administration and Other State Licensure Laws. Many states
have licensure or registration laws governing certain types of administrative organizations, such as preferred provider organizations, third party administrators and companies that provide utilization review services. Several states also have
licensure or registration laws governing the organizations that provide or administer consumer card programs (also known as cash card or discount card programs). The scope of these laws differs significantly from state to state, and the application
of such laws to the activities of PBM companies often is unclear. We believe that we have registered or obtained licenses in every state in which such registration or licensure is required. 

Whistleblower Statutes. Certain federal and state laws, including the
Federal False Claims Act, contain provisions permitting the filing of 
qui tam or “whistleblower” lawsuits alleging violations of such laws. Whistleblower provisions allow private individuals to bring lawsuits on behalf of the
federal or state government alleging that the defendant has defrauded the government, and there is generally no minimum evidentiary or legal threshold required for bringing such a lawsuit. These lawsuits are typically filed under seal with the
applicable federal or state enforcement authority, and such authority is required to review the allegations made and to determine whether it will intervene in the lawsuit and take the lead in the litigation. If the government intervenes
 in
the lawsuit and prevails, the whistleblower plaintiff filing the initial complaint may share in any settlement or

16 

judgment. If the government does not intervene in the lawsuit, the whistleblower plaintiff may pursue the action independently. Because a 
qui tam
lawsuit typically is filed under seal pending a government review of the allegations, the defendant generally may not be aware of the lawsuit until the government determines whether or not it will intervene or until the lawsuit is otherwise
unsealed, a process which may take years. We have been named in several 
qui tam lawsuits that have been unsealed, as discussed in Item 3, “Legal Proceedings.” 

We believe that we are in material compliance with existing laws and regulations applicable to our business. We have
implemented standard operating procedures, internal controls and a compliance and integrity program designed to ensure such compliance, and we monitor legislative and judicial developments that could impact our business practices in an effort to
ensure future compliance. 

We can give no assurance, however,
that our operating results and financial condition will not be materially adversely affected, or that we will not be required to materially change our business practices, based on: (i) future enactment of new healthcare or other laws or
regulations; (ii) the interpretation or application of existing laws or regulations, including the laws and regulations described in this Government Regulation section, as they may relate to our business or the PBM industry; (iii) pending
or future federal or state governmental investigations of our business or the PBM industry; (iv) institution of government enforcement actions against us; (v) adverse developments in any pending qui tam lawsuit against us, whether
sealed or unsealed, or in any future 
qui tam lawsuit that may be filed against us; or (vi) adverse developments in other pending or future legal proceedings against us or affecting the PBM industry. 

Corporate Liability and Insurance 

We maintain professional liability, general liability and other customary
insurance on a claims made and modified occurrence basis in amounts deemed appropriate by management based upon historical claims and the nature and risks of our business. Our business may subject us to litigation and liability for damages. We
believe that our current insurance protection is adequate for our present business operations, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our professional and general liability insurance coverage in the future or that such
insurance coverage will be available on acceptable terms or adequate to cover any or all potential product or professional liability claims. A successful liability claim in excess of our insurance coverage could have a material adverse effect on us.

Employees 

As of December 31, 2005, we employed a total of 13,628 people. None of
our employees are represented by a labor union, and we believe that our relations with our employees are good. 



In addition to the other information included and incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including the listing of factors that may affect future results presented on page i,
“Forward-Looking Statements and Factors That May Affect Future Results,” you should carefully consider the following risks before making an investment decision concerning Caremark Rx, Inc. common stock. You should also read and consider
the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the other documents incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. See Part I, Item 1, “Business—Address and Availability of Information” on page 1.

The PBM industry is extremely competitive and competition could
impair our ability to maintain existing customers and attract new customers, which could harm our business and financial results. 

The PBM industry is extremely competitive. Some of our competitors are large, well-established and profitable companies. These competitors include several
large health insurers, managed health care plans, retail chain stores and independent PBMs that may possess greater financial, marketing and other resources than we 

17 

do. Some of these competitors may offer services and pricing terms that we, as an independent PBM company, may not be able to offer. This competition may
make it more difficult to maintain existing customers and attract new customers and may cause us to face the risk of declining reimbursement levels without achieving corresponding reductions in costs of revenues. In addition, competition may also
come from other sources in the future. As a result, we may not continue to remain competitive, and competition could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

If we lose relationships with one or more key pharmaceutical manufacturers or if the payments made by pharmaceutical manufacturers
decline, our business and financial results could be adversely affected. 

We have business relationships with numerous pharmaceutical manufacturers that pay rebates, administrative fees or other discounts based on use of selected drugs by participants in the benefit plans we manage for our
customers. We also have contractual arrangements under which we receive fees from pharmaceutical manufacturers for other programs and services that we provide. Our business and financial results could be adversely affected if: 

•

we were to lose relationships with one or more key pharmaceutical manufacturers; 

•

rebates or other discounts decline due to changes in utilization of specified pharmaceutical products by health plan sponsors and other clients; 

•

legal restrictions are imposed on the ability of pharmaceutical manufacturers to offer rebates, administrative fees or other discounts or to purchase our programs or services; or

•

pharmaceutical manufacturers choose not to offer rebates, administrative fees or other discounts or to purchase our programs or services. 

The launch of generic pharmaceuticals into the marketplace may impact our financial
results. 

Rebates on drugs on which patents are
expected to expire over the next several years currently contribute significantly to our earned rebates. During 2006 and 2007 patents are expected to expire on brand-name drugs representing approximately $20 billion in annual sales in the United
States. As these patents expire, the introduction of generic products may substantially reduce the market share of the brand-name drugs and the rebates manufacturers provide to us for their brand-name drugs that are included on the formularies we
manage. We also may not be able to negotiate rebates for new brand-name drugs comparable to those rebates we are earning on brand-name drugs on which patents are expected to expire. We generally earn higher margins on generic drugs dispensed by our
mail service pharmacies than we earn on brand-name drugs. However, manufacturers of newly-introduced generic drugs sometimes benefit from an exclusive marketing period, generally six months, during which we may be unable to earn these higher
margins. The typically higher margins we earn on generic drugs and the rebates we earn by adding newly-approved, brand-name drugs to our formularies may not offset any decline in rebates for brand-name drugs on which patents expire. 

We may be subject to liability claims for damages and other expenses that are not
covered by insurance. 

A successful product or
professional liability claim in excess of our insurance coverage could harm our financial condition and results of operations. Various aspects of our business may subject us to litigation and liability for damages, including the performance of PBM
services, including formulary management and health improvement and clinical services, and the operation of our pharmacies and websites. 

We believe that most of the claims described in Note 14, “Contingencies,” to our consolidated financial statements included in Part II,
Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are unlikely to be covered by insurance. 

18 

Existing and new government legislative and regulatory action could adversely affect our business and financial
results. 

As a participant in the healthcare and PBM
industries, our operations are subject to complex and evolving federal and state laws and regulations and enforcement by federal and state governmental agencies. These laws and regulations are described in detail at Part I, Item 1,
“Business—Government Regulation.” 

Uncertainty regarding
the implementation and impact of Medicare Part D may adversely impact our business and financial results. 

The MMA created a new, voluntary prescription drug benefit for Medicare beneficiaries entitled to Medicare benefits under Part A or enrolled in Medicare
Part B. The Medicare Drug Benefit became effective on January 1, 2006. We participate in the administration of the Medicare Drug Benefit: (i) through the provision of PBM services to our health plan clients and other clients that have
qualified as a Medicare Part D prescription drug plan, (ii) through the offering of Medicare Part D pharmacy benefits by our subsidiary, SilverScript Insurance Company, which has been approved by CMS as a prescription drug plan under Medicare
Part D in all regions of the country, and (iii) by assisting employer, union and other health plan clients that qualify for the retiree drug subsidy available under Medicare Part D by collecting and submitting eligibility and/or drug cost data
to CMS for them in order to obtain the subsidy. Our clients could decide to discontinue providing prescription drug benefits to their Medicare-eligible members. If this occurs, the adverse effects of the Part D benefit may outweigh any opportunities
for new business generated by the new benefit. We are not yet able to assess the impact that Medicare Part D will have on our clients’ decisions to continue to offer a prescription drug benefit to their Medicare-eligible members. In addition,
if the cost and complexity of the recent changes exceed our expectations or prevent effective program implementation; if the government alters or reduces funding of Medicare programs because of the higher-than-anticipated cost to taxpayers of the
MMA or for other reasons; if we fail to design and maintain programs that are attractive to Medicare participants; or if we are not successful in retaining enrollees, or winning contract renewals or new contracts under the MMA’s competitive
bidding process, our current Medicare business and our ability to expand our Medicare operations could be materially and adversely affected, and we may not be able to realize any return on our investments in Medicare initiatives. 

Efforts to reduce health care costs and alter health care financing practices could
adversely affect our business. 

During the past
several years, the U.S. healthcare industry has been subject to an increase in governmental regulation at both the federal and state levels. Efforts to control healthcare costs, including prescription drug costs, are underway at the federal and
state government levels. Changing political, economic and regulatory influences may affect health care financing and reimbursement practices. If the current health care financing and reimbursement system changes significantly, our business could be
materially adversely affected. Congress periodically considers proposals to reform the U.S. health care system. These proposals may increase government involvement in health care and regulation of PBM services, or otherwise change the way our
clients do business. Health plan sponsors may react to these proposals and the uncertainty surrounding them by reducing or delaying purchases of cost control mechanisms and related services that we provide. We cannot predict what effect, if any,
these proposals may have on our business. Other legislative or market-driven changes in the health care system that we cannot anticipate could also materially adversely affect our consolidated results of operations, consolidated financial position
and/or consolidated cash flow from operations. 

We are the subject of
various legal proceedings. 

We are parties to legal
proceedings challenging certain of their business practices. The material legal proceedings affecting us are described in detail in Item 3, “Legal Proceedings.” 

19 

Prescription volumes may decline, and our net revenues and profitability may be negatively impacted, when products
are withdrawn from the market or when increased safety risk profiles of specific drugs result in utilization decreases. 

We process significant volumes of pharmacy claims for brand-name and generic drugs from our mail service pharmacies and through our network of retail
pharmacies. These volumes are the basis for our net revenues and profitability. When products are withdrawn by manufacturers, or when increased safety risk profiles of specific drugs or classes of drugs result in utilization decreases, physicians
may cease writing or reduce the numbers of prescriptions written for these drugs. Additionally, negative media reports regarding drugs with higher safety risk profiles may result in reduced consumer demand for such drugs. In cases where there are no
acceptable prescription drug equivalents or alternatives for these prescription drugs, our prescription volumes, net revenues, profitability and cash flows may decline.