.

You should carefully consider the risks described below before making an investment decision. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks, in which case you could lose all or part of your investment. You should also refer to the other information in this filing, including our consolidated financial statements and related notes. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we currently believe may materially affect our Company. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are unaware of or that we currently deem immaterial also may become important factors that affect our Company. 

Risks Relating to Our Business

Failure to accurately estimate and price our medical expenses or effectively manage our medical costs or related administrative costs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

Our profitability depends to a significant degree on our ability to estimate and effectively manage expenses related to health benefits through, among other things, our ability to contract favorably with hospitals, physicians, and other healthcare providers. For example, our government-sponsored health programs revenue is often based on bids submitted before the start of the initial contract year. If our actual medical expenses exceed our estimates, our health benefits ratio (HBR), or our expenses related to medical services as a percentage of premium revenues, would increase and our profits would decline. Because of the narrow margins of our health plan business, relatively small changes in our HBR can create significant changes in our financial results. Changes in healthcare regulations and practices, the level of utilization of healthcare services, out-of-network utilization and pricing, hospital and pharmaceutical costs, unexpected events, such as disasters, the effects of climate change, major epidemics, pandemics, or newly emergent diseases (such as COVID-19), new medical technologies, new pharmaceutical compounds, increases in provider fraud, and other external factors, including general economic conditions such as inflation and unemployment levels, are generally beyond our control and could reduce our ability to accurately predict and effectively control the costs of providing health benefits. Also, member behavior could continue to be influenced by the uncertainty surrounding the ACA, including potential further legal challenges to the ACA or potential changes in premium subsidies.

Our medical expenses include claims reported but not paid, estimates for claims incurred but not reported (IBNR), and estimates for the costs necessary to process unpaid claims at the end of each period. Our development of the medical claims liability estimate is a continuous process which we monitor and refine on a monthly basis as claims receipts and payment information as well as inpatient acuity information becomes available. As more complete information becomes available, we adjust the amount of the estimate, and include the changes in estimates in medical expenses in the period in which the changes are identified. Given the uncertainties inherent in such estimates, there can be no assurance that our medical claims liability estimate will be adequate, and any adjustments to the estimate may unfavorably impact our results of operations and may be material.

Additionally, when we commence operations in a new state or region or launch a new product, we have limited information with which to estimate our medical claims liability. For a period of time after the inception of the new business, we base our estimates on government-provided historical actuarial data and limited actual incurred and received claims and inpatient acuity information. The addition of new categories of eligible individuals, as well as evolving Health Insurance Marketplace plans, may pose difficulty in estimating our medical claims liability. 

From time to time in the past, our actual results have varied from our estimates, particularly in times of significant changes in the number of our members. If it is determined that our estimates are significantly different than actual results, our results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition, if there is a significant delay in our receipt of premiums, our business operations, cash flows, or earnings could be negatively impacted.

Our Medicare programs are subject to a variety of unique risks that could adversely impact our financial results.

If we fail to design and maintain programs that are attractive to Medicare participants; if our Medicare operations are subject to negative outcomes from program audits, sanctions, penalties or other actions; if we do not submit adequate bids in our existing markets or any expansion markets; if our existing contracts are modified or terminated; or if we fail to maintain or improve our quality Star ratings, our current Medicare business and our ability to expand our Medicare operations could be materially and adversely affected, negatively impacting our financial performance. For example, the achievement of Star ratings of 4-star or higher qualifies Medicare Advantage plans for premium bonuses. For rating year 2023, only 3% of our total December 31, 2022 Medicare Advantage membership is in a plan that received an overall rating of 4.0 stars or higher. 

18

Table of Contents

Despite our operational efforts to improve our Star ratings, there can be no assurances that we will be successful in improving our Star ratings in future years. Our quality bonus and rebates may continue to be negatively impacted and the attractiveness of our Medicare Advantage plans may be reduced if we are unable to improve these ratings.

There are also specific additional risks under Title XVIII, Part D of the Social Security Act associated with our provision of Medicare Part D prescription drug benefits as part of our Medicare Advantage plan offerings. These risks include potential uncollectibility of receivables, inadequacy of pricing assumptions, inability to receive and process information and increased pharmaceutical costs, as well as the underlying seasonality of this business, and extended settlement periods for claims submissions. Our failure to comply with Part D program requirements can result in financial and/or operational sanctions on our Part D products, as well as on our Medicare Advantage products that offer no prescription drug coverage.

Risk-adjustment payment systems make our revenue and results of operations more difficult to estimate and could result in retroactive adjustments that have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

Most of our government customers employ risk-adjustment models to determine the premium amount they pay for each member. This model pays more for members with predictably higher costs according to the health status of each beneficiary enrolled. Premium payments are generally established at fixed intervals according to the contract terms and then adjusted on a retroactive basis. We reassess the estimates of the risk adjustment settlements each reporting period and any resulting adjustments are made to premium revenue. In addition, revisions by our government customers to the risk-adjustment models have reduced and may continue to reduce our premium revenue.

As a result of the variability of certain factors that determine estimates for risk-adjusted premiums, including plan risk scores, the actual amount of retroactive payments could be materially more or less than our estimates. Consequently, our estimate of our plans' risk scores for any period, and any resulting change in our accrual of premium revenues related thereto, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. The data provided to our government customers to determine the risk score are subject to audit by them even after the annual settlements occur. These audits may result in the refund of premiums to the government customer previously received by us, which could be significant and would reduce our premium revenue in the year that repayment is required.

Government customers have performed and continue to perform audits of selected plans to validate the provider coding practices under the risk adjustment model used to calculate the premium paid for each member. In 2023, CMS announced the removal of the fee-for-service adjuster from the risk adjustment data validation audit methodology beginning for audit year 2018, which could increase our audit error scores. We anticipate that CMS will continue to conduct audits of our Medicare contracts and contract years on an on-going basis. An audit may result in the refund of premiums to CMS. It is likely that a payment adjustment could occur as a result of these audits; and any such adjustment could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

Any failure to adequately price products offered or any reduction in products offered for Medicare Advantage and in the Health Insurance Marketplace may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

In the Health Insurance Marketplace, we may be adversely impacted by being selected by individuals who have higher acuity levels than those individuals who selected us in the past and healthy individuals may decide to opt out of the pool altogether. In addition, the risk adjustment provisions of the ACA established to apportion risk amongst insurers may not be effective in appropriately mitigating the financial risks related to the Health Insurance Marketplace product, are subject to a high degree of estimation and variability and are affected by our members' acuity relative to the membership acuity of other insurers. Further, changes in the competitive market for both Health Insurance Marketplace and the Medicare Advantage products over time, changes to member eligibility in the program design or changes in the financial incentives of individuals and competitors to participate in such products may make pricing difficult to predict. For example, competitors may introduce pricing, or broker incentives that we may not be able to match, which may adversely affect our ability to compete effectively. Competitors may also choose to exit the market altogether or otherwise suffer financial difficulty, which could adversely impact the pool of potential insured, or require us to increase premium rates. Any significant variation from our expectations regarding acuity, enrollment levels, adverse selection, out-of-network costs, or other assumptions utilized in setting adequate premium rates could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows for both our Health Insurance Marketplace and Medicare Advantage products.

19

Table of Contents

We derive a portion of our cash flow and gross margin from our PDP operations, for which we submit annual bids for participation. The results of our bids could have a material adverse effect on our

results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

A significant portion of our PDP membership is obtained from the auto-assignment of beneficiaries in CMS-designated regions where our PDP premium bids are below benchmarks of other plans' bids. In general, our premium bids are based on assumptions regarding PDP membership, utilization, drug costs, drug rebates, and other factors for each region. Our 2023 PDP bids resulted in 34 of the 34 CMS regions in which we were below the benchmarks, consistent with our 2022 PDP bids.

If our future Part D premium bids are not below the CMS benchmarks, we risk losing PDP members who were previously assigned to us and we may not have additional PDP members auto-assigned to us, which could materially reduce our revenue and profits.

Our encounter data may be inaccurate or incomplete, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows and ability to bid for, and continue to participate in, certain programs.

Our contracts require the submission of complete and correct encounter data. The accurate and timely reporting of encounter data is increasingly important to the success of our programs because more states are using encounter data to determine compliance with performance standards and to set premium rates. We have expended and may continue to expend additional effort and incur significant additional costs to collect or correct inaccurate or incomplete encounter data and have been and continue to be, exposed to operating sanctions and financial fines and penalties for noncompliance. In some instances, our government clients have established retroactive requirements for the encounter data we must submit. There also may be periods of time in which we are unable to meet existing requirements. In either case, it may be prohibitively expensive or impossible for us to collect or reconstruct this historical data.

We may experience challenges in obtaining complete and accurate encounter data, due to difficulties with providers and third-party vendors submitting claims in a timely fashion in the proper format, and with state agencies in coordinating such submissions. As states increase their reliance on encounter data, these difficulties could adversely affect the premium rates we receive and how membership is assigned to us and subject us to financial penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and our ability to bid for, and continue to participate in, certain programs.

If we are not successful in procuring new government contracts or renewing existing government contracts, or if we receive an adverse finding or review resulting from an audit or investigation, our business may be adversely affected. 

A substantial portion of our business relates to the provision of managed care programs and selected services to individuals receiving benefits under governmental assistance or entitlement programs. We provide these and other healthcare services under contracts with government entities in the areas in which we operate. Our government contracts are generally intended to run for a fixed number of years and may be extended for an additional specified number of years if the contracting entity or its agent elects to do so. Initial bids for these contracts and initial implementation of these contracts can have substantial start up costs, and may ultimately be unsuccessful. For example, in order to obtain a certificate of authority in most jurisdictions, we must first establish a provider network, have systems in place, and demonstrate our ability to administer a state contract and process claims. Once a new contract is awarded, we may experience delays in operational start dates. As a result of these factors, start-up operations may decrease our profitability, or we may not grow as quickly as we anticipated.

When our contracts with government entities expire, they may be opened for bidding by competing healthcare providers, and there is no guarantee that our contracts will be renewed or extended. Competitors may buy their way into the market by submitting bids with lower pricing. Even if our responsive bids are successful, the bids may be based upon assumptions or other factors which could result in the contracts being less profitable than we had anticipated. Further, our government contracts contain certain provisions regarding eligibility, enrollment and dis-enrollment processes for covered services, eligible providers, periodic financial and informational reporting, quality assurance, timeliness of claims payment, compliance with contract terms and law, and agreement to maintain a Medicare plan in the state and financial standards, among other things, and are subject to cancellation if we fail to perform in accordance with the standards set by regulatory agencies. For example, our subsidiary, Health Net of California, was selected by the California Department of Health Care Services (DHCS) for direct Medicaid contracts in 10 counties, including Los Angeles (in which a portion will be subcontracted). The contracts are anticipated to begin in January 2024.

20

Table of Contents

We are also subject to various reviews, audits, and investigations, as well as self-reporting requirements, to verify our compliance with the terms of our contracts with various governmental agencies, as well as compliance with applicable laws and regulations. Any non-compliance with our government contracts, adverse review, audit, or investigation, could result in, among other things: cancellation of our contracts; refunding of amounts we have been paid pursuant to our contracts; imposition of fines, penalties, and other sanctions on us; loss of our right to participate in various programs; increased difficulty in selling our products and services; loss of one or more of our licenses; lowered quality Star ratings; harm to our reputation; or required changes to the way we do business. For example, several states have made claims related to services previously provided by Envolve, which historically provided PBM and specialty pharmacy services, including among other things, (i) seeking payment for services already reimbursed, (ii) not accurately disclosing to the true cost of the PBM services and (iii) inflating dispensing fees for prescription drugs. For additional information, see Note 18. Contingencies to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additional claims, reviews, or investigations may still be brought by other states, the federal government, or shareholder litigants, and there is no guarantee we will have the ability to settle such claims with other states within the reserve estimate we have recorded and on other acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, under government procurement regulations and practices, a negative determination resulting from a government audit of our business practices could result in a contractor being fined, debarred, and/or suspended from being able to bid on, or be awarded, new government contracts for a period of time.

If any of our government contracts are terminated, not renewed, renewed on less favorable terms, or not renewed on a timely basis, or if we receive an adverse finding or review resulting from an audit or investigation, our business and reputation may be adversely impacted, our goodwill could be impaired and our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows may be materially affected.

We contract with independent third-party vendors and service providers who provide services to us and our subsidiaries or to whom we delegate selected functions. Violations of, or noncompliance with, laws and regulations governing our business by such third parties, or governing our dealings with such parties, could, among other things, subject us to additional audits, reviews, investigations, self-reporting requirements, and other adverse effects.

Our business could be materially adversely affected by the effects of widespread public health pandemics, such as COVID-19.

Public health pandemics or widespread outbreaks of contagious diseases, such as COVID-19, could materially adversely impact our business. Our business has been affected by the spread of COVID-19, and the extent to which COVID-19 continues to impact our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence. Factors that may determine the severity of the impact include the duration and scale of the outbreak, new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 (including new strains or variants, which may be more contagious, more severe or less responsive to treatment or vaccines), the costs of prevention and treatment of COVID-19 and the potential that we will not receive government reimbursement of additional expenses incurred by our members who contract or require testing for COVID-19 or who experience other health impacts as a result of the pandemic, employee retention, mobility, productivity and utilization of leave and other benefits, financial and other impacts on the healthcare provider community, disruptions or delays in the supply chain for testing and treatment supplies, protective equipment and other products and services, and the actions to contain COVID-19 or address its impact (including laws, regulations and emergency orders, such as stay at home orders, physical distancing requirements, forced business closures and vaccine requirements or mandates and directives related to the timing and scope of vaccine distribution), among other factors. In addition, increased utilization patterns (including deferred demand) have had, and may continue to have, an impact on our business as members' pattern of seeking healthcare fluctuates. Additionally, the spread of COVID-19 has previously caused disruption and volatility in the global capital markets, and future disruptions could adversely impact our access to capital. Finally, the impact of the above items on our government partners could result in program changes or delays or reduced capitation payments to us. We cannot at this time predict the ultimate impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, but it could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

21

Table of Contents

Ineffectiveness of state-operated systems and subcontractors could adversely affect our business. 

A number of our health plans rely on other state-operated systems or subcontractors to qualify, solicit, educate, and assign eligible members into managed care plans. The effectiveness of these state operations and subcontractors can have a material effect on a health plan's enrollment in a particular month or over an extended period. When a state implements either new programs to determine eligibility or new processes to assign or enroll eligible members into health plans, or when it chooses new subcontractors, or has not adequately maintained systems, there is an increased potential for an unanticipated impact on the overall number of members assigned to managed care plans.

Execution of our value creation strategy may create disruptions in our business.

Our value creation strategy requires the successful execution of operational initiatives and change management, which may not occur. These initiatives include contracting with new third-party vendors and are subject to a variety of risks including, without limitation: significant initial investment with the anticipated financial or quality benefits not being realized or not at the levels or on the timing anticipated; delays or challenges in execution; diversion of management's time and attention; our inability to effectively manage significant organizational change negatively impacting our corporate culture; inability of third parties to successfully comply with the terms, transition deadlines, and service levels stated forth in the contracts, and unexpected costs in the completion of initiatives, including as a result of unexpected factors or events.

If we are unable to effectively execute our value creation strategy, our future growth may suffer, and our results of operations could be harmed.

If state regulators do not approve payments of dividends and distributions by our subsidiaries to us, we may not have sufficient funds to implement our business strategy.

We principally operate through our health plan subsidiaries. As part of normal operations, we may make requests for dividends and distributions from our subsidiaries to fund our operations. In addition to state corporate law limitations, these subsidiaries are subject to more stringent state insurance and HMO laws and regulations that limit the amount of dividends and distributions that can be paid to us without prior approval of, or notification to, state regulators. If these regulators were to deny or delay our subsidiaries' requests to pay dividends, the funds available to us would be limited, which could harm our ability to implement our business strategy.

We derive a significant portion of our premium revenues from operations in a number of states, and our results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows could be materially affected by a decrease in premium revenues or profitability in any one of those states. 

Operations in a number of states have accounted for a significant portion of our premium revenues to date. If we were unable to continue to operate in any of those states or if our current operations in any portion of one of those states were significantly curtailed, our revenues could decrease materially. Our reliance on operations in a limited number of states could cause our revenues and profitability to change suddenly and unexpectedly depending on legislative or other governmental or regulatory actions and decisions, economic conditions, and similar factors in those states. Government entities in states we currently serve may open the bidding for their Medicaid or other healthcare programs to other health insurers through a request for proposal process. For example, our subsidiary, Health Net of California, was selected by the California DHCS for direct Medicaid contracts in 10 counties, including Los Angeles (in which a portion will be subcontracted). The contracts are anticipated to begin in January 2024. Reductions in our service area or services provided in any of the states in which we operate could harm our business.

Competition may limit our ability to increase penetration of the markets that we serve.

We compete for members principally on the basis of size and quality of provider networks, the design and cost of benefits provided, and quality of service. We compete with numerous types of competitors, including other health plans and traditional state Medicaid programs that reimburse providers as care is provided, as well as technology companies, new joint ventures, financial services firms, consulting firms, and other non-traditional competitors. In addition, the administration of the ACA has the potential to shift the competitive landscape in our segment.

22

Table of Contents

Some of the health plans with which we compete have greater financial and other resources and offer a broader scope of products than we do. In addition, significant merger and acquisition activity continues to occur in the managed care industry, as well as complementary industries, such as the hospital, physician, pharmaceutical, medical device, and health information systems businesses. To the extent that competition intensifies in any market that we serve, as a result of industry consolidation or otherwise, our ability to retain or increase members and providers, or maintain or increase our revenue growth, pricing flexibility, and control over medical cost trends may be adversely affected.

If we are unable to maintain relationships with our provider networks, our profitability may be harmed. 

Our profitability depends, in large part, upon our ability to contract at competitive prices with hospitals, physicians, and other healthcare providers. Our provider arrangements with our primary care physicians, specialists, and hospitals generally may be canceled by either party without cause upon 90 to 120 days prior written notice. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to continue to renew our existing contracts or enter into new contracts on a timely basis or under favorable terms enabling us to service our members profitably. Healthcare providers with whom we contract may not properly manage the costs of, and access to services, be able to provide effective telehealth services, maintain financial solvency, or avoid disputes with other providers. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on the provision of services to our members and our operations.

In any particular market, physicians and other healthcare providers could refuse to contract, demand higher payments, or take other actions that could result in higher medical costs or difficulty in meeting regulatory or accreditation requirements, among other things. In some markets, certain healthcare providers, particularly hospitals, physician/hospital organizations, or multi-specialty physician groups, may have significant market positions or near monopolies that could result in diminished bargaining power on our part. In addition, accountable care organizations, practice management companies, which aggregate physician practices for administrative efficiency and marketing leverage, and other organizational structures that physicians, hospitals, and other healthcare providers choose may change the way in which these providers interact with us and may change the competitive landscape. Such organizations or groups of healthcare providers may compete directly with us, which could adversely affect our operations, and our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows by impacting our relationships with these providers or affecting the way that we price our products and estimate our costs, which might require us to incur costs to change our operations. Provider networks may consolidate or be acquired by our direct competitors, resulting in a reduction in the competitive environment. In addition, if these providers refuse to contract with us, use their market position to negotiate contracts unfavorable to us, or place us at a competitive disadvantage, our ability to market products or to be profitable in those areas could be materially and adversely affected. 

From time to time, healthcare providers assert or threaten to assert claims seeking to terminate non-cancelable agreements due to alleged actions or inactions by us. If we are unable to retain our current provider contract terms or enter into new provider contracts timely or on favorable terms, our profitability may be harmed. In addition, from time to time, we may be subject to class action or other lawsuits by healthcare providers with respect to claim payment procedures or similar matters. For example, our wholly owned subsidiary, Health Net Life Insurance Company (HNL), is and may continue to be subject to such disputes with respect to HNL's payment levels in connection with the processing of out-of-network provider reimbursement claims for the provision of certain substance abuse related services. HNL expects to vigorously defend its claims payment practices. Nevertheless, in the event HNL receives an adverse finding in any related legal proceeding or from a regulator or is otherwise required to reimburse providers for these claims at rates that are higher than expected or for claims HNL otherwise believes are unallowable, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. In addition, regardless of whether any such lawsuits brought against us are successful or have merit, they will still be time-consuming and costly and could distract our management's attention. As a result, under such circumstances, we may incur significant expenses and may be unable to operate our business effectively.

23

Table of Contents

If we or our third-party vendors are unable to integrate and manage information systems effectively, our operations could be disrupted. 

Our operations and our value creation strategy depend significantly on effective information systems. The information gathered and processed by information systems assists us in, among other things, monitoring utilization and other cost factors, processing provider claims, and providing data to our regulators. Our healthcare providers also depend upon our information systems for membership verifications, claims status, and other information. Our information systems and applications require continual maintenance, upgrading, and enhancement to meet our operational needs and regulatory requirements. We regularly upgrade and expand our information systems' capabilities. If we or our third-party vendors experience difficulties with the transition to or from information systems or do not appropriately integrate, maintain, enhance, or expand information systems, we could suffer, among other things, operational disruptions, loss of existing members and providers, and difficulty in attracting new members and providers, complaints, regulatory problems and increases in administrative expenses. In addition, our or our third-party vendors' ability to integrate and manage information systems may be impaired as the result of events outside our control, including acts of nature, such as earthquakes or fires, or acts of terrorists, which may include cyber-attacks by terrorists or other governmental or non-governmental actors. In addition, we may from time to time obtain significant portions of our systems-related or other services or facilities from independent third parties, which may make our operations vulnerable if such third parties fail to perform adequately.

A failure in or breach of our operational or security systems or infrastructure, or those of third parties with which we do business, including as a result of cyber-attacks, could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Information security risks have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the use of the internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct our operations, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists, and other external parties, including foreign state agents. Our operations rely on the secure processing, transmission, and storage of confidential, proprietary, and other information in our computer systems and networks as well as those of third parties with which we do business. 

Security breaches may arise from external or internal threats. External breaches include hacking personal information for financial gain, attempting to cause harm or interruption to our operations, or intending to obtain competitive information. We experience attempted external hacking or malicious attacks on a regular basis. We maintain a rigorous system of prevention and detection controls through our security programs; however, our prevention and detection controls may not prevent or identify all such attacks on a timely basis, or at all. Internal breaches may result from inappropriate security access to confidential information by rogue employees, consultants, or third-party service providers. Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss, or other unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential member information, financial data, competitively sensitive information, or other proprietary data, whether by us or a third party, could have a material adverse effect on our business reputation, financial condition, cash flows, or results of operations.

We may be unable to attract, retain or effectively manage the succession of key personnel. 

We are highly dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel to operate and expand our business. We may be adversely impacted if we are unable to adequately plan for the succession of our executives and senior management. While we have succession plans in place for members of our executive and senior management team, these plans do not guarantee that the services of our executive and senior management team will continue to be available to us. Our ability to replace any departed members of our executive and senior management team or other key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in the Managed Care and Specialty Services industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to operate and successfully expand a business such as ours. Competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain, or motivate these personnel. Further, the increased availability of hybrid or remote working arrangements has expanded the pool of companies that can compete for our employees and employment candidates. Our recently adopted modern work environment, including remote and hybrid work arrangements which is utilized by the majority of our employees, may present operational, cybersecurity and workplace culture challenges. If we are unable to attract, retain and effectively manage the succession plans for key personnel, executives, and senior management, our business and financial condition, results of operations or cash flows could be harmed.

24

Table of Contents

An impairment charge with respect to our real estate portfolio, recorded goodwill, and intangible assets could have a material impact on our results of operations
.

Changes in business strategy, divestitures, government regulations, or economic or market conditions and non-renewal of government contracts have resulted and may result in impairments of our real estate portfolio, goodwill, and other intangible assets at any time in the future. In connection with our real estate optimization initiative, divestitures and the DoD's December 2022 announcement to not award Health Net Federal Services a TRICARE Managed Care Support Contract, we have recorded a total of $2.3 billion in impairment charges during the year ended December 31, 2022. We anticipate additional future charges of approximately $60 million related to real estate optimization. For additional information, see Note 7. 
Goodwill and Intangible Assets
 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We may have additional impairment charges in connection with our periodic evaluation of our goodwill and intangible assets. Our judgments regarding the existence of impairment indicators are based on, among other things, legal factors, contract terms, market conditions, and operational performance. If an event or events occur that would cause us to revise our estimates and assumptions used in analyzing the value of our goodwill and other intangible assets, such revision could result in a non-cash impairment charge that could have a material impact on our results of operations in the period in which the impairment occurs.

Risks Relating to Regulatory and Legal Matters

Reductions in funding, changes to eligibility requirements for government-sponsored healthcare programs in which we participate, and any inability on our part to effectively adapt to changes to these programs could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

The majority of our revenues come from government subsidized healthcare programs including Medicaid, Medicare, TRICARE, CHIP, LTSS, ABD, Foster Care, and Health Insurance Marketplace premiums. Changes in these programs could change the number of persons enrolled in or eligible for these programs and increase our administrative and healthcare costs under these programs. For example, we currently expect Medicaid eligibility redeterminations, which have been suspended as a result of COVID-19, to begin on April 1, 2023, which we expect to significantly reduce our membership in our Medicaid programs. We may not be able to offset the loss of this membership by increased enrollment in our Health Insurance Marketplace products. Maintaining current eligibility levels could cause states to reduce reimbursement or reduce benefits in order for states to afford to maintain eligibility levels. If any state in which we operate were to decrease premiums paid to us or pay us less than the amount necessary to keep pace with our cost trends, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

Under most of these programs, the base premium rate paid for each program differs, depending on a combination of factors such as defined upper payment limits, a member's health status, age, gender, county or region, and benefit mix. Since Medicaid was created in 1965, the federal government and the states have shared the costs for this program, with the federal share currently averaging approximately 60%. We are therefore exposed to risks associated with federal and state government contracting or participating in programs involving a government payor, including but not limited to the general ability of the federal and/or state governments to terminate or modify contracts with them, in whole or in part, without prior notice, for convenience or for default based on performance; potential regulatory or legislative action that may materially modify amounts owed; our dependence upon Congressional or legislative appropriation and allotment of funds and the impact that delays in government payments could have on our operating cash flow and liquidity; and other regulatory, legislative or judicial actions that may have an impact on the operations of government subsidized healthcare programs including ongoing litigation involving the ACA. For example, future levels of funding and premium rates may be affected by continuing government efforts to contain healthcare costs and may further be affected by state and federal budgetary constraints. Governments periodically consider reducing or reallocating the amount of money they spend for Medicaid, Medicare, TRICARE, CHIP, LTSS, ABD, and Foster Care. Furthermore, Medicare remains subject to the automatic spending reductions imposed by the Budget Control Act of 2011 and the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 (sequestration), subject to a 2% cap, which was extended by the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2019 through 2029. The Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act of 2020 temporarily suspended the Medicare sequestration for the period of May 1, 2020 through December 31, 2020, while also extending the mandatory sequestration policy by an additional one year, through 2030. The Bipartisan-Bicameral Omnibus COVID Relief Deal passed in December 2020 further extended the suspension of the Medicare sequestration until March 31, 2021, and the Protecting Medicare and American Farmers from Sequester Cuts Act passed in December 2021 extended the sequester through March 31, 2022 and adjusted the sequester to 1% for the period between April 1, 2022 and June 30, 2022. 

25

Table of Contents

In addition, reductions in defense spending could have an adverse impact on certain government programs in which we currently participate by, among other things, terminating or materially changing such programs, or by decreasing or delaying payments made under such programs. Adverse economic conditions may put pressures on state budgets as tax and other state revenues decrease while the population that is eligible to participate in these programs remains steady or increases, creating more need for funding. We anticipate this will require government agencies to find funding alternatives, which may result in reductions in funding for programs, contraction of covered benefits, and limited or no premium rate increases or premium rate decreases. A reduction (or less than expected increase), a protracted delay, or a change in allocation methodology in government funding for these programs, as well as termination of one or more contracts for the convenience of the government, may materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

As has been widely reported, the United States Treasury Secretary has stated that the federal government may not be able to meet its debt payments in the relatively near future unless the federal debt ceiling is raised. If legislation increasing the debt ceiling is not enacted and the debt ceiling is reached, the federal government may stop or delay making payments on its obligations, or if another federal government shutdown were to occur for a prolonged period of time, federal government payment obligations, including its obligations under Medicaid, Medicare, TRICARE, CHIP, LTSS, ABD, Foster Care, and the Health Insurance Marketplace, may be delayed. Similarly, if state government shutdowns were to occur, state payment obligations may be delayed. If the federal or state governments fail to make payments under these programs on a timely basis, our business could suffer, and our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows may be materially affected.

Payments from government payors may be delayed in the future, which, if extended for any significant period of time, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows or liquidity. In addition, delays in obtaining, or failure to obtain or maintain, governmental approvals, or moratoria imposed by regulatory authorities, could adversely affect our revenues or membership, increase costs or adversely affect our ability to bring new products to market as forecasted. Other changes to our government programs could affect our willingness or ability to participate in any of these programs or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations.

Significant changes or judicial challenges to the ACA could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

The enactment of the ACA in March 2010 transformed the U.S. healthcare delivery system through a series of complex initiatives; however, the ACA has faced, and continues to face, administrative, judicial and legislative challenges to repeal or change certain of its significant provisions. Changes to portions or the entirety of the ACA, as well as judicial interpretations in response to constitutional and other legal challenges, as well as the uncertainty generated by such actual or potential challenges, could materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. The ultimate content, timing, or effect of any potential future legislation or litigation and the outcome of other lawsuits cannot be predicted.

Among the most significant of the ACA's provisions was the establishment of the Health Insurance Marketplace for individuals and small employers to purchase health insurance coverage that included a minimum level of benefits and restrictions on coverage limitations and premium rates, as well as the expansion of Medicaid coverage to all individuals under age 65 with incomes up to 138% of the federal poverty level beginning January 1, 2014, subject to each state's election. The HHS additionally indicated that it would consider a limited number of premium assistance demonstration proposals from states that want to privatize Medicaid expansion. Several states in which we operate have obtained Section 1115 waivers to implement the ACA's Medicaid expansion in ways that extend beyond the flexibility provided by the federal law, with additional states pursuing Section 1115 waivers regarding eligibility criteria, benefits, and cost-sharing, and provider payments across their Medicaid programs. Litigation challenging Section 1115 waiver activity for both new and previously approved waivers is expected to continue both through administrative actions and the courts.

There have been significant efforts from the previous administration to repeal or amend certain provisions of the ACA through changes in regulations. Such initiatives included repeal of the individual mandate effective in 2019, as well as easing the regulatory restrictions placed on short-term health plans and association health plans (AHPs), which plans often provide fewer benefits than the traditional ACA insurance benefits.

Additionally, the U.S. Department of Labor issued a final rule on June 19, 2018, which expanded flexibility regarding the regulation and formation of AHPs provided by small employer groups and associations. On June 13, 2019, the HHS, the U.S. Department of Labor, and the U.S. Treasury issued a final rule allowing employers of all sizes that do not offer a group coverage plan to fund a new kind of health reimbursement arrangement (HRA), known as an individual coverage HRA (ICHRA). Beginning January 1, 2020, employees became able to use employer-funded ICHRAs to buy individual-market insurance, including insurance purchased on the public exchanges formed under the ACA.

26

Table of Contents

It remains uncertain whether or when the current administration will propose changes to restrict these insurance plan options that are not required to meet ACA requirements, and what the impact of such potential changes may be.

The constitutionality of the ACA itself continues to face judicial challenge. The ultimate content, timing or effect of any potential future legislation or litigation and the outcome of other lawsuits cannot be predicted and may be delayed as a result of court closures and reduced court dockets as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.

In contrast to previous executive and legislative efforts to restrict or limit certain provisions of the ACA, the American Rescue Act, enacted on March 11, 2021, contained provisions aimed at leveraging Medicaid and the Health Insurance Marketplace to expand health insurance coverage and affordability to consumers. The American Rescue Act authorized an additional $1.9 trillion in federal spending to address the COVID-19 public health emergency (PHE), and contained several provisions designed to increase coverage of certain healthcare services, expand eligibility and benefits, incentivize state Medicaid expansion, and adjust federal financing for state Medicaid programs, the ultimate impact of which remain uncertain. The American Rescue Act enhanced eligibility for the advance premium tax credit for certain enrollees in the Health Insurance Marketplace. The Inflation Reduction Act, enacted on August 16, 2022, extended the enhanced eligibility for the advance premium tax credit for Marketplace members through the 2025 tax year.

These changes and other potential changes involving the functioning of the Health Insurance Marketplace as a result of additional new legislation, regulation, executive action, or litigation, including those related to extending enrollment periods, increasing eligibility in the program design, changing the eligibility and amount of the advanced premium tax credit and expanding navigator services, could impact our business and results of operations adversely or in other ways that we do not currently anticipate.

Our business activities are highly regulated and new laws or regulations or changes in existing laws or regulations or their enforcement or application could force us to change how we operate and could harm our business. 

Our business is extensively regulated by the states in which we operate and by the federal government. In addition, the managed care industry has received negative publicity that has led to increased legislation, regulation, review of industry practices, and private litigation in the commercial sector. Such negative publicity may adversely affect our stock price and damage our reputation in various markets. 

In each of the jurisdictions in which we operate, we are regulated by the relevant insurance, health, and/or human services or government departments that oversee the activities of MCOs providing or arranging to provide services to Medicaid, Medicare, Health Insurance Marketplace enrollees, or other beneficiaries. For example, our health plan subsidiaries, as well as our applicable specialty companies, must comply with minimum statutory capital and other financial solvency requirements, such as deposit and surplus requirements. 

The frequent enactment of, changes to, or interpretations of laws and regulations could, among other things: force us to restructure our relationships with providers within our network; require us to implement additional or different programs and systems; restrict revenue and enrollment growth; increase our healthcare and administrative costs; impose additional capital and surplus requirements; and increase or change our liability to members in the event of malpractice by our contracted providers. In addition, changes in political party, or administrations at the state or federal level in the United States or internationally may change the attitude towards healthcare programs and result in changes to the existing legislative or regulatory environment.

Additionally, the taxes and fees paid to federal, state, local, and international governments may increase due to several factors, including: enactment of, changes to, or interpretations of tax laws and regulations, audits by governmental authorities, geographic expansions into higher taxing jurisdictions and the effect of expansions into international markets.

We are often required to maintain a minimum HBR or share profits in excess of certain levels, which may be retroactive. In certain circumstances, our plans have returned premiums back to the states, enrollees, or other beneficiaries in the event profits exceed established levels or HBR does not meet the minimum requirement. The amount of premium returned may include transparent pharmacy pricing and rebate initiatives. Other states may require us to meet certain performance and quality metrics in order to maintain our contract or receive additional or full contractual revenue. 

27

Table of Contents

The governmental healthcare programs in which we participate are subject to the satisfaction of certain regulations and performance standards. Regulators require numerous steps for continued implementation of the ACA, including the promulgation of a substantial number of potentially more onerous federal regulations. If we fail to effectively implement or appropriately adjust our operational and strategic initiatives with respect to the implementation of healthcare reform, or do not do so as effectively as our competitors, our results of operations may be materially adversely affected. For example, under the ACA, Congress authorized CMS and the states to implement managed care demonstration programs to serve dually eligible beneficiaries to improve the coordination of their care. Participation in these demonstration programs is subject to CMS approval and the satisfaction of conditions to participation, including meeting certain performance requirements. Our inability to improve or maintain adequate quality scores and Star ratings to meet government performance requirements or to match the performance of our competitors could result in limitations to our participation in or exclusion from these or other government programs. Specifically, several of our Medicaid contracts require us to maintain a Medicare health plan. 

In April 2016, CMS issued final regulations that revised existing Medicaid managed care rules by establishing a minimum medical loss ratio standard for Medicaid of 85% and strengthening provisions related to network adequacy and access to care, enrollment and disenrollment protections, beneficiary support information, continued service during beneficiary appeals, and delivery system and payment reform initiatives, among others. On November 13, 2020, CMS finalized revisions to the Medicaid managed care regulations, many of which became effective in December 2020. While not a wholesale revision of the 2016 regulations, the November 2020 final rule adopted changes in areas including network adequacy, beneficiary protections, quality oversight, and the establishment of capitation rates and payment policies. Although we strive to comply with all existing regulations and to meet performance standards applicable to our business, failure to meet these requirements could result in financial fines and penalties. Also, states or other governmental entities may carve out certain services and benefits from the government programs in which we participate, or they may not allow us to continue to participate in their government programs, or we may fail to win procurements to participate in such programs, either of which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

In addition, as a result of the expansion of our businesses and operations conducted in foreign countries, we face political, economic, legal, compliance, regulatory, operational, and other risks and exposures that are unique and vary by jurisdiction. These foreign regulatory requirements with respect to, among other items, environmental, tax, licensing, intellectual property, privacy, data protection, investment, capital, management control, labor relations, and fraud and corruption regulations are different than those faced by our domestic businesses. In addition, we are subject to U.S. laws that regulate the conduct and activities of U.S.-based businesses operating abroad, such as the FCPA. Any failure to comply with laws and regulations governing our conduct outside the United States or to successfully navigate international regulatory regimes that apply to us could adversely affect our ability to market our products and services, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Our pharmacy services face regulatory and other risks and uncertainties which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

Our Centene Pharmacy Services (formerly Envolve Pharmacy Solutions) product historically provided PBM services and continues to provide pharmacy benefits administration and specialty pharmacy services. We have transitioned substantially all of our PBM business to a third party as of January 1, 2023. These businesses are subject to federal and state laws and regulations that, among other requirements, govern the relationships of the business with pharmaceutical manufacturers, physicians, pharmacies, customers, and consumers. For example, several states have made claims related to services provided by Envolve including among other things, (i) seeking payment for services already reimbursed, (ii) not accurately disclosing the true cost of the PBM services, and (iii) inflating dispensing fees for prescription drugs. For additional information, see Note 18. 
Contingencies
 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additional claims, reviews, or investigations may still be brought by other states, the federal government, or shareholder litigants.

We also conduct business as a mail order pharmacy and specialty pharmacy, which subjects these businesses to extensive federal, state, and local laws and regulations. In addition, federal and state legislatures and regulators regularly consider new regulations for the industry that could materially and adversely affect current industry practices, including the receipt or disclosure of rebates from pharmaceutical companies, the development and use of formularies, and the use of average wholesale prices.

28

Table of Contents

Our specialty pharmacy businesses would be materially and adversely affected by an inability to contract on favorable terms with pharmaceutical manufacturers and other suppliers, including with respect to the structuring of rebates and pricing of new specialty and generic drugs. In addition, our specialty pharmacy businesses could face potential claims in connection with purported errors by our mail order or specialty pharmacies, including in connection with the risks inherent in the authorization, compounding, packaging, and distribution of pharmaceuticals and other healthcare products. Disruptions at any of our mail order or specialty pharmacies due to an event that is beyond our control could affect our ability to process and dispense prescriptions in a timely manner and could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

We have been and may from time to time become involved in costly and time-consuming litigation and other regulatory proceedings, which require significant attention from our management and could adversely affect our business. 

From time to time, we are a defendant in lawsuits and regulatory actions and are subject to investigations relating to our business, including, without limitation, medical malpractice claims, claims by members alleging failure to pay for or provide healthcare, claims related to non-payment or insufficient payments for out-of-network services, claims related to network adequacy, claims alleging bad faith, investigations regarding our submission of risk adjuster claims, putative securities class actions, protests and appeals related to Medicaid procurement awards, cybersecurity issues, including those related to our or our third-party vendors' information systems; employment-related disputes, including wage and hour claims, submissions to state agencies related to payments or state false claims acts and claims related to the imposition of new taxes, including but not limited to claims that may have retroactive application. For example, several states have made claims related to services previously provided by Envolve, which historically provided PBM and specialty pharmacy services, including among other things, (i) seeking payment for services already reimbursed, (ii) not accurately disclosing the true cost of the PBM services and (iii) inflating dispensing fees for prescription drugs. For additional information, see Note 18. 
Contingencies
 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Additional claims, reviews, or investigations may be brought by other states, the federal government, or shareholder litigants, and there is no guarantee we will have the ability to settle such claims with other states within the reserve estimate we have recorded, on other acceptable terms, or at all. In addition, regardless of the outcome of any litigation or regulatory proceedings, such proceedings are costly and time-consuming and require significant attention from our management, and could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.

If we fail to comply with applicable privacy, security, and data laws, regulations, and standards, including with respect to third-party service providers that utilize sensitive personal information on our behalf, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

As part of our normal operations, we collect, process, and retain confidential member information. We are subject to various federal, state, and international laws, regulations, rules, and contractual requirements regarding the use and disclosure of confidential member information, including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), the HITECH Act of 2009, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and the General Data Protection Regulation, which require us to protect the privacy of medical records and safeguard personal health information we maintain and use. Certain of our businesses are also subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, which is a multifaceted security standard that is designed to protect credit card account data as mandated by payment card industry entities. Despite our best attempts to maintain adherence to information privacy and security best practices, as well as compliance with applicable laws, rules, and contractual requirements, our facilities and systems, and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to privacy or security breaches, acts of vandalism or theft, malware or other forms of cyber-attack, misplaced or lost data including paper or electronic media, programming and/or human errors or other similar events. In the past, we have had data breaches resulting in disclosure of confidential or protected health information that have not resulted in any material financial loss or penalty to date. For example, in 2021, we learned that Accellion, a third-party data transfer provider with whom we contract, had a system vulnerability that resulted in unauthorized access to certain sensitive data of our customers, including protected health information, as well as unauthorized access to the data of several of Accellion's other clients. This incident led to putative class action lawsuits that were filed against us and our subsidiaries, Health Net, LLC, Health Net of California, Inc., Health Net Life Insurance Company, Health Net Community Solutions, Inc., and California Health & Wellness, and Accellion on behalf of the affected customers. To date, this incident has not had, and we do not believe that this incident is likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. However, there can be no assurance that this incident and other privacy or security breaches will not require us to expend significant resources to remediate any damage, interrupt our operations and damage our business or reputation, subject us to state, federal, or international agency review, and result in enforcement actions, material fines and penalties, litigation or other actions which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows. 

29

Table of Contents

In addition, HIPAA broadened the scope of fraud, waste and abuse laws applicable to healthcare companies and established enforcement mechanisms to combat fraud, waste and abuse, including civil and, in some instances, criminal penalties for failure to comply with specific standards relating to the privacy, security and electronic transmission of protected health information. The HITECH Act expanded the scope of these provisions by mandating individual notification in instances of breaches of protected health information, providing enhanced penalties for HIPAA violations, and granting enforcement authority to states' Attorneys General in addition to the HHS Office for Civil Rights. It is possible that Congress may enact additional legislation in the future to increase the amount or application of penalties and to create a private right of action under HIPAA, which could entitle patients to seek monetary damages for violations of the privacy rules.

If we fail to comply with the extensive federal and state fraud, waste and abuse laws, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

We, along with other companies involved in public healthcare programs, have been, and from time to time are, the subject of federal and state fraud, waste and abuse investigations. The regulations and contractual requirements applicable to participants in these public sector programs are complex and subject to change. Violations of fraud, waste and abuse laws applicable to us could result in civil monetary penalties, criminal fines and imprisonment, and/or exclusion from participation in Medicaid, Medicare, TRICARE, and other federal healthcare programs and federally funded state health programs. Fraud, waste and abuse prohibitions encompass a wide range of activities, including kickbacks for referral of members, incorrect and unsubstantiated billing or billing for unnecessary medical services, improper marketing, and violations of patient privacy rights. These fraud, waste and abuse laws include the federal False Claims Act, which prohibits the known filing of a false claim or the known use of false statements to obtain payment from the federal government, and the federal anti-kickback statute, which prohibits the payment or receipt of remuneration to induce referrals or recommendations of healthcare items or services. Many states have fraud, waste and abuse laws, including false claim act and anti-kickback statutes that closely resemble the federal False Claims Act and the federal anti-kickback statute. In addition, the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 encouraged states to enact state-versions of the federal False Claims Act that establish liability to the state for false and fraudulent Medicaid claims and that provide for, among other things, claims to be filed by 
qui tam
 relators (private parties acting on the government's behalf). Federal and state governments have made investigating and prosecuting healthcare fraud, waste and abuse a priority. In the event we fail to comply with the extensive federal and state fraud, waste and abuse laws, our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

We might be adversely impacted by tax legislation or challenges to our tax positions.

We are subject to the tax laws in the U.S. at the federal, state, and local government levels and to the tax laws of other jurisdictions in which we operate. Tax laws might change in ways that adversely affect our tax positions, effective tax rate, and cash flow. In August 2022, the U.S. federal government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act, which imposed a 15% corporate minimum tax on certain large corporations and a 1% tax on share repurchases after December 31, 2022. The tax laws are extremely complex and subject to varying interpretations. We are subject to tax examinations in various jurisdictions that might assess additional tax liabilities against us. Our tax reporting positions might be challenged by relevant tax authorities, we might incur significant expense in our efforts to defend those challenges, and we might be unsuccessful in those efforts. Developments in examinations and challenges might materially change our provision for taxes in the affected periods and might differ materially from our historical tax accruals. Any of these risks might have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows.

Risks Relating to Conditions in the Financial Markets and Economy

Our investment portfolio may suffer losses which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations or liquidity. 

We maintain a significant investment portfolio of cash equivalents and short-term and long-term investments in a variety of securities, which are subject to general credit, liquidity, market, and interest rate risks and will decline in value if interest rates increase or one of the issuers' credit ratings is reduced. As a result, we may experience a reduction in value or loss of our investments, which may have an adverse effect on our results of operations, liquidity, and financial condition.

30

Table of Contents

Adverse credit market conditions may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity or our ability to obtain credit on acceptable terms.

In the past, the securities and credit markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruption. The availability of credit, from virtually all types of lenders, has at times been restricted. In the event we need access to additional capital to pay our operating expenses, fund subsidiary surplus requirements, make payments on or refinance our indebtedness, pay capital expenditures, or fund acquisitions, our ability to obtain such capital may be limited and the cost of any such capital may be significant, particularly if we are unable to access our existing revolving credit facility.

Our access to additional financing will depend on a variety of factors such as prevailing economic and credit market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to our industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity, and perceptions of our financial prospects. Similarly, our access to funds may be impaired if regulatory authorities or rating agencies take negative actions against us. If one or any combination of these factors were to occur, our internal sources of liquidity may prove to be insufficient, and in such case, we may not be able to successfully obtain sufficient additional financing on favorable terms, within an acceptable time, or at all. 

We have substantial indebtedness outstanding and may incur additional indebtedness in the future. Such indebtedness could reduce our agility and may adversely affect our financial condition.

As of December 31, 2022, we had consolidated indebtedness of $18.0 billion. We may further increase or refinance our indebtedness in the future.

This may have the effect, among other things, of reducing our flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions and increasing borrowing costs. 

Among other things, our revolving credit facility and term loan facility (collectively, 
the Company Credit Facility)
 and the indentures governing our notes require us to comply with various covenants that impose restrictions on our operations, including our ability to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, pay dividends, make certain investments or other restricted payments, sell or otherwise dispose of substantially all of our assets and engage in other activities. Our Company Credit Facility also requires us to comply with a maximum debt to EBITDA ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. These restrictive covenants could limit our ability to pursue our business strategies. In addition, any failure by us to comply with these restrictive covenants could result in an event of default under our Company Credit Facility and, in some circumstances, under the indentures governing our notes, which, in any case, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition.

Phasing out of LIBOR may increase our interest expense or affect the value of the financial obligations to be held or issued by us that are linked to LIBOR, which may adversely affect our financial condition.

As of December 31, 2022, borrowings under our Company Credit Facility bear interest based upon various reference rates, including LIBOR. LIBOR is expected to transition to Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR), a new index calculated by short-term repurchase agreements backed by treasury securities, on or about June 30, 2023. We believe that our credit agreement allows SOFR to be used as the new reference rate upon LIBOR's discontinuance. However, our interest expense could increase and our available cash flow for general corporate requirements may be adversely affected. Additionally, the phase-out of LIBOR may cause disruption in the overall financial markets and other reforms could have an adverse impact on the market for, or value of, any LIBOR-linked securities, loans, and other financial obligations or extensions of credit held by or due to us or on our overall financial condition or results of operations. 

Risks Associated with Mergers, Acquisitions, and Divestitures

Mergers and acquisitions may not perform as expected and we may not realize the savings expected from divestitures, which may cause the market price of our common stock to decline.

The market price of our common stock is generally subject to volatility, and there can be no assurances regarding the level or stability of our share price at any time. The market price of our common stock may decline as a result of acquisitions and divestitures if, among other things, we are unable to achieve the expected cost and revenue synergies or growth in earnings, the operational cost savings estimates are not realized as rapidly or to the extent anticipated, the transaction costs related to the acquisitions or divestitures are greater than expected or if any financing related to the transactions is on unfavorable terms. The market price also may decline if we do not achieve the perceived benefits of the acquisitions and divestitures as rapidly or to the extent anticipated by financial or industry analysts or if the effect of the acquisitions and divestitures on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows is not consistent with the expectations of financial or industry analysts.

31

Table of Contents

We may be unable to successfully integrate our existing business with acquired businesses and realize the anticipated benefits of such acquisitions.

We may acquire health plans participating in government-sponsored healthcare programs and specialty services businesses, contract rights, and related assets of other health plans both in our existing service areas and in new markets and start-up operations in new markets or new products in existing markets. Although we review the records of companies or businesses we plan to acquire, it is possible that we could assume unanticipated liabilities or adverse operating conditions. In addition, the success of acquisitions we make will depend, in part, on our ability to successfully combine the existing business of Centene with such acquired businesses and realize the anticipated benefits, including synergies, cost savings, growth in earnings, innovation, and operational efficiencies, from the combinations. If we are unable to achieve these objectives within the anticipated time frame, or at all, the anticipated benefits may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected and the value of our common stock may be harmed.

The integration of acquired businesses with our existing business is a complex, costly, and time-consuming process. The integration may result in material challenges, including, without limitation:

•
the diversion of management's attention from ongoing business concerns and performance shortfalls as a result of the devotion of management's attention to the integration;

•
managing a larger company;

•
maintaining employee morale and retaining key management and other employees;

•
the possibility of faulty assumptions underlying expectations regarding the integration process;

•
retaining existing business and operational relationships and attracting new business and operational relationships;

•
consolidating corporate and administrative infrastructures and eliminating duplicative operations;

•
coordinating geographically separate organizations;

•
unanticipated issues in integrating information technology, communications, and other systems;

•
unanticipated changes in federal or state laws or regulations, including the ACA and any regulations enacted thereunder;

•
unforeseen expenses or delays associated with the acquisition and/or integration; 

•
achieving actual cost savings at the anticipated levels; and 

•
decreases in premiums paid under government-sponsored healthcare programs by any state in which we operate.

Many of these factors will be outside of our control and any one of them could result in delays, increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues, and diversion of management's time and energy, which could materially affect our financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. Our ability to successfully manage the expanded business following any given acquisition will depend, in part, upon management's ability to design and implement strategic initiatives that address not only the integration of two independent stand-alone companies, but also the increased scale and scope of the combined business with its associated increased costs and complexity. There can be no assurances that we will be successful in managing our expanded operations as a result of acquisitions or that we will realize the expected growth in earnings, operating efficiencies, cost savings, and other benefits.

Our business and results of operations may be materially adversely affected if we fail to manage and complete divestitures.

We regularly evaluate our portfolio to determine whether an asset or business is still consistent with our business strategy or whether there may be a more advantaged owner for that asset or business. When we decide to sell assets or a business, we may encounter difficulty finding buyers or alternative exit strategies, which could delay the achievement of our business strategy. Further, divestitures may be delayed due to failure to obtain required approvals on a timely basis, if at all, from governmental authorities, or may become more difficult to execute due to conditions placed upon approval that could, among other things, delay or prevent us from completing a transaction, or otherwise restrict our ability to realize the expected financial or strategic goals of a transaction. We might have financial exposure in a divested business, such as through minority equity ownership, financial or performance guarantees, indemnities, or other obligations, such that conditions outside of our control might negate the expected benefits of the disposition.

32

Table of Contents