We are a holding company that conducts all of our business
 operations through subsidiaries, primarily CenterPoint Houston
 and CERC. The following, along with any additional legal
 proceedings identified or incorporated by reference in
 Item 3 of this report, summarizes the principal risk
 factors associated with the businesses conducted by each of
 these subsidiaries:

 Affecting Our Electric Transmission &
 Distribution Business

 CenterPoint
 Houston may not be successful in ultimately recovering the full
 value of its
 true-up
 components, which could result in the elimination of certain tax
 benefits and could have an adverse impact on CenterPoint
 Houston’s results of operations, financial condition and
 cash flows.

 In March 2004, CenterPoint Houston filed its
 true-up
 application with the Texas Utility Commission, requesting
 recovery of $3.7 billion, excluding interest, as allowed
 under the Texas electric restructuring law. In December 2004,
 the Texas Utility Commission issued its final order

(True-Up
 Order) allowing CenterPoint Houston to recover a

true-up
 balance of approximately $2.3 billion, which included
 interest through August 31, 2004, and providing for
 adjustment of the amount to be recovered to include interest on
 the balance until recovery, the principal portion of additional
 excess mitigation credits returned to customers after
 August 31, 2004 and certain other matters. CenterPoint
 Houston and other parties filed appeals of the

True-Up
 Order to a district court in Travis County, Texas. In August
 2005, the court issued its final judgment on the various
 appeals. In its judgment, the court affirmed most aspects of the

True-Up
 Order, but reversed two of the Texas Utility Commission’s
 rulings. The judgment would have the effect of restoring
 approximately $650 million, plus interest, of the
 $1.7 billion the Texas Utility Commission had disallowed
 from CenterPoint Houston’s initial request. CenterPoint
 Houston and other parties appealed the district court’s
 judgment. Oral arguments before the Texas 3rd Court of
 Appeals were held in January 2007, but a decision is not
 expected for several months. No amounts related to the district
 court’s judgment have been recorded in our consolidated
 financial statements.

 Among the issues raised in CenterPoint Houston’s appeal of
 the True-Up
 Order is the Texas Utility Commission’s reduction of
 CenterPoint Houston’s stranded cost recovery by
 approximately $146 million for the present value of certain
 deferred tax benefits associated with its former electric
 generation assets. Such reduction was considered in our
 recording of an after-tax extraordinary loss of
 $977 million in the last half of 2004. We believe that the
 Texas Utility Commission based its order on proposed regulations
 issued by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) in March 2003
 related to those tax benefits. Those proposed regulations would
 have allowed utilities owning assets that were deregulated
 before March 4, 2003 to make a retroactive election to pass
 the benefits of Accumulated Deferred Investment Tax Credits
 (ADITC) and Excess Deferred Federal Income Taxes (EDFIT) back to
 customers. However, in December 2005, the IRS withdrew those
 proposed normalization regulations and issued new proposed
 regulations that do not include the provision allowing a
 retroactive election to pass the tax benefits back to customers.
 In a May 2006 Private Letter Ruling (PLR) issued to a Texas
 utility on facts similar to CenterPoint Houston’s, the IRS,
 without referencing its proposed regulations, ruled that a
 normalization violation would occur if ADITC and EDFIT were
 required to be returned to customers. CenterPoint Houston has
 requested a PLR asking the IRS whether the Texas Utility
 Commission’s order reducing CenterPoint Houston’s
 stranded cost recovery by $146 million for ADITC and EDFIT
 would cause a normalization violation. If the IRS determines
 that such reduction would cause a normalization violation with
 respect to the ADITC and the Texas Utility Commission’s
 order relating to such reduction is not reversed or otherwise
 modified, the IRS could require us to pay an amount equal to
 CenterPoint Houston’s unamortized ADITC balance as of the
 date that the normalization violation is deemed to have
 occurred. In addition, if a normalization violation with respect
 to EDFIT is deemed to have occurred and the Texas Utility
 Commission’s order relating to such reduction is not
 reversed or otherwise modified, the IRS could deny CenterPoint
 Houston the ability to elect accelerated tax depreciation
 benefits beginning in the taxable year that the normalization
 violation is deemed to have occurred. If a normalization
 violation should ultimately be found to exist, it could have an
 adverse impact on our results of operations, financial condition
 and cash flows. However, we and CenterPoint Houston are
 vigorously pursuing the appeal of this issue and will seek other
 relief from the Texas Utility Commission to avoid a
 normalization violation. The Texas Utility Commission has not
 previously required a company subject to its jurisdiction to
 take action that would result in a normalization violation.

 24

Table of Contents

 CenterPoint
 Houston’s receivables are concentrated in a small number of
 REPs, and any delay or default in payment could adversely affect
 CenterPoint Houston’s cash flows, financial condition and
 results of operations.

 CenterPoint Houston’s receivables from the distribution of
 electricity are collected from REPs that supply the electricity
 CenterPoint Houston distributes to their customers. Currently,
 CenterPoint Houston does business with 68 REPs. Adverse economic
 conditions, structural problems in the market served by ERCOT or
 financial difficulties of one or more REPs could impair the
 ability of these retail providers to pay for CenterPoint
 Houston’s services or could cause them to delay such
 payments. CenterPoint Houston depends on these REPs to remit
 payments on a timely basis. Applicable regulatory provisions
 require that customers be shifted to a provider of last resort
 if a retail electric provider cannot make timely payments.
 Reliant Energy, Inc. (RRI), through its subsidiaries, is
 CenterPoint Houston’s largest customer. Approximately 53%
 of CenterPoint Houston’s $140 million in billed
 receivables from REPs at December 31, 2006 was owed by
 subsidiaries of RRI. Any delay or default in payment could
 adversely affect CenterPoint Houston’s cash flows,
 financial condition and results of operations.

 Rate
 regulation of CenterPoint Houston’s business may delay or
 deny CenterPoint Houston’s ability to earn a reasonable
 return and fully recover its costs.

 CenterPoint Houston’s rates are regulated by certain
 municipalities and the Texas Utility Commission based on an
 analysis of its invested capital and its expenses in a test
 year. Thus, the rates that CenterPoint Houston is allowed to
 charge may not match its expenses at any given time. In this
 connection, pursuant to the Settlement Agreement discussed in
 “Business — Regulation — State and
 Local Regulation — Electric Transmission &
 Distribution — CenterPoint Houston Rate Case” in
 Item 1 of this report, until June 30, 2010,
 CenterPoint Houston is limited in its ability to request rate
 relief. The regulatory process by which rates are determined may
 not always result in rates that will produce full recovery of
 CenterPoint Houston’s costs and enable CenterPoint Houston
 to earn a reasonable return on its invested capital.

 Disruptions
 at power generation facilities owned by third parties could
 interrupt CenterPoint Houston’s sales of transmission and
 distribution services.

 CenterPoint Houston transmits and distributes to customers of
 REPs electric power that the REPs obtain from power generation
 facilities owned by third parties. CenterPoint Houston does not
 own or operate any power generation facilities. If power
 generation is disrupted or if power generation capacity is
 inadequate, CenterPoint Houston’s sales of transmission and
 distribution services may be diminished or interrupted, and its
 results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be
 adversely affected.

 CenterPoint
 Houston’s revenues and results of operations are
 seasonal.

 A significant portion of CenterPoint Houston’s revenues is
 derived from rates that it collects from each retail electric
 provider based on the amount of electricity it distributes on
 behalf of such retail electric provider. Thus, CenterPoint
 Houston’s revenues and results of operations are subject to
 seasonality, weather conditions and other changes in electricity
 usage, with revenues being higher during the warmer months.

 Risk
 Factors Affecting Our Natural Gas Distribution, Competitive
 Natural Gas Sales and Services, Interstate Pipelines and Field
 Services Businesses

 Rate
 regulation of CERC’s business may delay or deny CERC’s
 ability to earn a reasonable return and fully recover its
 costs.

 CERC’s rates for its local distribution companies are
 regulated by certain municipalities and state commissions, and
 for its interstate pipelines by the FERC, based on an analysis
 of its invested capital and its expenses in a test year. Thus,
 the rates that CERC is allowed to charge may not match its
 expenses at any given time. The regulatory process in which
 rates are determined may not always result in rates that will
 produce full recovery of CERC’s costs and enable CERC to
 earn a reasonable return on its invested capital.

 25

Table of Contents

 CERC’s
 businesses must compete with alternative energy sources, which
 could result in CERC marketing less natural gas, and its
 interstate pipelines and field services businesses must compete
 directly with others in the transportation, storage, gathering,
 treating and processing of natural gas, which could lead to
 lower prices, either of which could have an adverse impact on
 CERC’s results of operations, financial condition and cash
 flows.

 CERC competes primarily with alternate energy sources such as
 electricity and other fuel sources. In some areas, intrastate
 pipelines, other natural gas distributors and marketers also
 compete directly with CERC for natural gas sales to end-users.
 In addition, as a result of federal regulatory changes affecting
 interstate pipelines, natural gas marketers operating on these
 pipelines may be able to bypass CERC’s facilities and
 market, sell
 and/or
 transport natural gas directly to commercial and industrial
 customers. Any reduction in the amount of natural gas marketed,
 sold or transported by CERC as a result of competition may have
 an adverse impact on CERC’s results of operations,
 financial condition and cash flows.

 CERC’s two interstate pipelines and its gathering systems
 compete with other interstate and intrastate pipelines and
 gathering systems in the transportation and storage of natural
 gas. The principal elements of competition are rates, terms of
 service, and flexibility and reliability of service. They also
 compete indirectly with other forms of energy, including
 electricity, coal and fuel oils. The primary competitive factor
 is price. The actions of CERC’s competitors could lead to
 lower prices, which may have an adverse impact on CERC’s
 results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

 CERC’s
 natural gas distribution and competitive natural gas sales and
 services businesses are subject to fluctuations in natural gas
 pricing levels, which could affect the ability of CERC’s
 suppliers and customers to meet their obligations or otherwise
 adversely affect CERC’s liquidity.

 CERC is subject to risk associated with increases in the price
 of natural gas. Increases in natural gas prices might affect
 CERC’s ability to collect balances due from its customers
 and, on the regulated side, could create the potential for
 uncollectible accounts expense to exceed the recoverable levels
 built into CERC’s tariff rates. In addition, a sustained
 period of high natural gas prices could apply downward demand
 pressure on natural gas consumption in the areas in which CERC
 operates and increase the risk that CERC’s suppliers or
 customers fail or are unable to meet their obligations.
 Additionally, increasing natural gas prices could create the
 need for CERC to provide collateral in order to purchase natural
 gas.

 If
 CERC were to fail to renegotiate a contract with one of its
 significant pipeline customers or if CERC renegotiates the
 contract on less favorable terms, there could be an adverse
 impact on its operations.

 Since October 31, 2006, CERC’s contract with Laclede
 Gas Company, one of its pipeline customers, has been terminable
 upon one year’s prior notice. CERC has not received a
 termination notice and is currently negotiating a long-term
 contract with Laclede. If Laclede were to terminate this
 contract or if CERC were to renegotiate this contract at rates
 substantially lower than the rates provided in the current
 contract, there could be an adverse effect on CERC’s
 results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

 A
 decline in CERC’s credit rating could result in CERC’s
 having to provide collateral in order to purchase
 gas.

 If CERC’s credit rating were to decline, it might be
 required to post cash collateral in order to purchase natural
 gas. If a credit rating downgrade and the resultant cash
 collateral requirement were to occur at a time when CERC was
 experiencing significant working capital requirements or
 otherwise lacked liquidity, CERC might be unable to obtain the
 necessary natural gas to meet its obligations to customers, and
 its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows
 would be adversely affected.

 The
 revenues and results of operations of CERC’s interstate
 pipelines and field services businesses are subject to
 fluctuations in the supply of natural gas.

 CERC’s interstate pipelines and field services businesses
 largely rely on natural gas sourced in the various supply basins
 located in the Mid-continent region of the United States. To the
 extent the availability of this supply is

 26

Table of Contents

 substantially reduced, it could have an adverse effect on
 CERC’s results of operations, financial condition and cash
 flows.

 CERC’s
 revenues and results of operations are seasonal.

 A substantial portion of CERC’s revenues is derived from
 natural gas sales and transportation. Thus, CERC’s revenues
 and results of operations are subject to seasonality, weather
 conditions and other changes in natural gas usage, with revenues
 being higher during the winter months.

 The
 actual construction costs of proposed pipelines and related
 compression facilities may be significantly higher than
 CERC’s current estimates.

 Subsidiaries of CERC Corp. are involved in significant pipeline
 construction projects. The construction of new pipelines and
 related compression facilities requires the expenditure of
 significant amounts of capital, which may exceed CERC’s
 estimates. If CERC undertakes these projects, they may not be
 completed at the budgeted cost, on schedule or at all. The
 construction of new pipeline or compression facilities is
 subject to construction cost overruns due to labor costs, costs
 of equipment and materials such as steel and nickel, labor
 shortages or delays, inflation or other factors, which could be
 material. In addition, the construction of these facilities is
 typically subject to the receipt of approvals and permits from
 various regulatory agencies. Those agencies may not approve the
 projects in a timely manner or may impose restrictions or
 conditions on the projects that could potentially prevent a
 project from proceeding, lengthen its expected completion
 schedule
 and/or
 increase its anticipated cost. As a result, there is the risk
 that the new facilities may not be able to achieve CERC’s
 expected investment return, which could adversely affect
 CERC’s financial condition, results of operations or cash
 flows.

 The
 states in which CERC provides regulated local gas distribution
 may, either through legislation or rules, adopt restrictions
 similar to or broader than those under the 1935 Act regarding
 organization, financing and affiliate transactions that could
 have significant adverse impacts on CERC’s ability to
 operate.

 In Arkansas, the APSC in December 2006 adopted rules governing
 affiliate transactions involving public utilities operating in
 Arkansas. The rules treat as affiliate transactions all
 transactions between CERC’s Arkansas utility operations and
 other divisions of CERC, as well as transactions between the
 Arkansas utility operations and affiliates of CERC. All such
 affiliate transactions are required to be priced under an
 asymmetrical pricing formula under which the Arkansas utility
 operations would benefit from any difference between the cost of
 providing goods and services to or from the Arkansas utility
 operations and the market value of those goods or services.
 Additionally, the Arkansas utility operations are not permitted
 to participate in any financing other than to finance retail
 utility operations in Arkansas, which would preclude
 continuation of existing financing arrangements in which CERC
 finances its divisions and subsidiaries, including its Arkansas
 utility operations.

 Although the Arkansas rules are now in effect, CERC and other
 gas and electric utilities operating in Arkansas sought
 reconsideration of the rules by the APSC. In February 2007, the
 APSC granted that reconsideration and suspended operation of the
 rules in order to permit time for additional consideration. If
 the rules are not significantly modified on reconsideration,
 CERC would be entitled to seek judicial review. In adopting the
 rules, the APSC indicated that affiliate transactions and
 financial arrangements currently in effect will be deemed in
 compliance until December 19, 2007, and that utilities may
 seek waivers of specific provisions of the rules. If the rules
 ultimately become effective as presently adopted, CERC would
 need to seek waivers from certain provisions of the rules or
 would be required to make significant modifications to existing
 practices, which could include the formation of and transfer of
 assets to subsidiaries.

 In Minnesota, a bill has been introduced during the current
 session of the legislature that would create a regulatory scheme
 for public utility holding companies like CenterPoint and their
 public utility operations in Minnesota. The proposed legislation
 would restrict financing activities, affiliate arrangements
 between the Minnesota utility operations and the holding company
 and other utility and non-utility operations within the holding
 company and acquisitions and divestitures. In addition, the bill
 would require prior MPUC approval of

 27

Table of Contents

 dividends paid by the holding company, in addition to dividends
 paid by utility subsidiaries, and would limit the level of
 non-utility investments of the holding company.

 If either or both of these regulatory frameworks become
 effective, they could have adverse impacts on CERC’s
 ability to operate and provide cost-effective utility service.
 In addition, if more than one state adopts restrictions like
 those proposed in Arkansas and Minnesota, it may be difficult
 for CenterPoint and CERC to comply with competing regulatory
 requirements.

 Risk
 Factors Associated with Our Consolidated Financial
 Condition

 If we
 are unable to arrange future financings on acceptable terms, our
 ability to refinance existing indebtedness could be
 limited.

 As of December 31, 2006, we had $9.0 billion of
 outstanding indebtedness on a consolidated basis, which includes
 $2.4 billion of non-recourse transition bonds. As of
 December 31, 2006, approximately $875 million
 principal amount of this debt is required to be paid through
 2009. This amount excludes principal repayments of approximately
 $481 million on transition bonds, for which a dedicated
 revenue stream exists. In addition, we have cash settlement
 obligations with respect to $575 million of outstanding
 3.75% convertible notes on which holders could exercise
 their conversion rights during the first quarter of 2007 and in
 subsequent quarters in which our common stock price causes such
 notes to be convertible. Our future financing activities may
 depend, at least in part, on:

 • 

 the timing and amount of our recovery of the
 true-up
 components, including, in particular, the results of appeals to
 the courts of determinations on rulings obtained to date;

 • 

 general economic and capital market conditions;

 • 

 credit availability from financial institutions and other
 lenders;

 • 

 investor confidence in us and the markets in which we operate;

 • 

 maintenance of acceptable credit ratings;

 • 

 market expectations regarding our future earnings and cash flows;

 • 

 market perceptions of our ability to access capital markets on
 reasonable terms;

 • 

 our exposure to RRI in connection with its indemnification
 obligations arising in connection with its separation from
 us; and

 • 

 provisions of relevant tax and securities laws.

 As of December 31, 2006, CenterPoint Houston had
 outstanding $2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of
 general mortgage bonds, including approximately
 $527 million held in trust to secure pollution control
 bonds for which CenterPoint Energy is obligated and
 approximately $229 million held in trust to secure
 pollution control bonds for which CenterPoint Houston is
 obligated. Additionally, CenterPoint Houston had outstanding
 approximately $253 million aggregate principal amount of
 first mortgage bonds, including approximately $151 million
 held in trust to secure certain pollution control bonds for
 which CenterPoint Energy is obligated. CenterPoint Houston may
 issue additional general mortgage bonds on the basis of retired
 bonds, 70% of property additions or cash deposited with the
 trustee. Approximately $2.2 billion of additional first
 mortgage bonds and general mortgage bonds in the aggregate could
 be issued on the basis of retired bonds and 70% of property
 additions as of December 31, 2006. However, CenterPoint
 Houston is contractually prohibited, subject to certain
 exceptions, from issuing additional first mortgage bonds.

 Our current credit ratings are discussed in
 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and
 Capital Resources — Future Sources and Uses of
 Cash — Impact on Liquidity of a Downgrade in Credit
 Ratings” in Item 7 of this report. These credit
 ratings may not remain in effect for any given period of time
 and one or more of these ratings may be lowered or withdrawn
 entirely by a rating agency. We note that these credit ratings
 are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities.
 Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other
 rating. Any future reduction or withdrawal of one or more of our
 credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on our
 ability to access capital on acceptable terms.

 28

Table of Contents

 As a
 holding company with no operations of our own, we will depend on
 distributions from our subsidiaries to meet our payment
 obligations, and provisions of applicable law or contractual
 restrictions could limit the amount of those
 distributions.

 We derive all our operating income from, and hold all our assets
 through, our subsidiaries. As a result, we will depend on
 distributions from our subsidiaries in order to meet our payment
 obligations. In general, these subsidiaries are separate and
 distinct legal entities and have no obligation to provide us
 with funds for our payment obligations, whether by dividends,
 distributions, loans or otherwise. In addition, provisions of
 applicable law, such as those limiting the legal sources of
 dividends, limit our subsidiaries’ ability to make payments
 or other distributions to us, and our subsidiaries could agree
 to contractual restrictions on their ability to make
 distributions.

 Our right to receive any assets of any subsidiary, and therefore
 the right of our creditors to participate in those assets, will
 be effectively subordinated to the claims of that
 subsidiary’s creditors, including trade creditors. In
 addition, even if we were a creditor of any subsidiary, our
 rights as a creditor would be subordinated to any security
 interest in the assets of that subsidiary and any indebtedness
 of the subsidiary senior to that held by us.

 The
 use of derivative contracts by us and our subsidiaries in the
 normal course of business could result in financial losses that
 could negatively impact our results of operations and those of
 our subsidiaries.

 We and our subsidiaries use derivative instruments, such as
 swaps, options, futures and forwards, to manage our commodity
 and financial market risks. We and our subsidiaries could
 recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in the
 market values of these contracts, or should a counterparty fail
 to perform. In the absence of actively quoted market prices and
 pricing information from external sources, the valuation of
 these financial instruments can involve management’s
 judgment or use of estimates. As a result, changes in the
 underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods
 could affect the reported fair value of these contracts.

 Risks
 Common to Our Businesses and Other Risks

 We are
 subject to operational and financial risks and liabilities
 arising from environmental laws and regulations.

 Our operations are subject to stringent and complex laws and
 regulations pertaining to health, safety and the environment, as
 discussed in “Business — Environmental
 Matters” in Item 1 of this report. As an owner or
 operator of natural gas pipelines and distribution systems, gas
 gathering and processing systems, and electric transmission and
 distribution systems, we must comply with these laws and
 regulations at the federal, state and local levels. These laws
 and regulations can restrict or impact our business activities
 in many ways, such as:

 • 

 restricting the way we can handle or dispose of wastes;

 • 

 limiting or prohibiting construction activities in sensitive
 areas such as wetlands, coastal regions, or areas inhabited by
 endangered species;

 • 

 requiring remedial action to mitigate pollution conditions
 caused by our operations, or attributable to former
 operations; and

 • 

 enjoining the operations of facilities deemed in non-compliance
 with permits issued pursuant to such environmental laws and
 regulations.

 In order to comply with these requirements, we may need to spend
 substantial amounts and devote other resources from time to time
 to:

 • 

 construct or acquire new equipment;

 • 

 acquire permits for facility operations;

 • 

 modify or replace existing and proposed equipment; and

 • 

 clean up or decommission waste disposal areas, fuel storage and
 management facilities and other locations and facilities.

 29

Table of Contents

 Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may trigger a
 variety of administrative, civil and criminal enforcement
 measures, including the assessment of monetary penalties, the
 imposition of remedial actions, and the issuance of orders
 enjoining future operations. Certain environmental statutes
 impose strict, joint and several liability for costs required to
 clean up and restore sites where hazardous substances have been
 disposed or otherwise released. Moreover, it is not uncommon for
 neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims
 for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the
 release of hazardous substances or other waste products into the
 environment.

 Our
 insurance coverage may not be sufficient. Insufficient insurance
 coverage and increased insurance costs could adversely impact
 our results of operations, financial condition and cash
 flows.

 We currently have general liability and property insurance in
 place to cover certain of our facilities in amounts that we
 consider appropriate. Such policies are subject to certain
 limits and deductibles and do not include business interruption
 coverage. Insurance coverage may not be available in the future
 at current costs or on commercially reasonable terms, and the
 insurance proceeds received for any loss of, or any damage to,
 any of our facilities may not be sufficient to restore the loss
 or damage without negative impact on our results of operations,
 financial condition and cash flows.

 In common with other companies in its line of business that
 serve coastal regions, CenterPoint Houston does not have
 insurance covering its transmission and distribution system
 because CenterPoint Houston believes it to be cost prohibitive.
 If CenterPoint Houston were to sustain any loss of, or damage
 to, its transmission and distribution properties, it may not be
 able to recover such loss or damage through a change in its
 regulated rates, and any such recovery may not be timely
 granted. Therefore, CenterPoint Houston may not be able to
 restore any loss of, or damage to, any of its transmission and
 distribution properties without negative impact on its results
 of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

 We,
 CenterPoint Houston and CERC could incur liabilities associated
 with businesses and assets that we have transferred to
 others.

 Under some circumstances, we, CenterPoint Houston and CERC could
 incur liabilities associated with assets and businesses we,
 CenterPoint Houston and CERC no longer own. These assets and
 businesses were previously owned by Reliant Energy, a
 predecessor of CenterPoint Houston, directly or through
 subsidiaries and include:

 • 

 those transferred to RRI or its subsidiaries in connection with
 the organization and capitalization of RRI prior to its initial
 public offering in 2001; and

 • 

 those transferred to Texas Genco in connection with its
 organization and capitalization.

 In connection with the organization and capitalization of RRI,
 RRI and its subsidiaries assumed liabilities associated with
 various assets and businesses Reliant Energy transferred to
 them. RRI also agreed to indemnify, and cause the applicable
 transferee subsidiaries to indemnify, us and our subsidiaries,
 including CenterPoint Houston and CERC, with respect to
 liabilities associated with the transferred assets and
 businesses. These indemnity provisions were intended to place
 sole financial responsibility on RRI and its subsidiaries for
 all liabilities associated with the current and historical
 businesses and operations of RRI, regardless of the time those
 liabilities arose. If RRI were unable to satisfy a liability
 that has been so assumed in circumstances in which Reliant
 Energy and its subsidiaries were not released from the liability
 in connection with the transfer, we, CenterPoint Houston or CERC
 could be responsible for satisfying the liability.

 Prior to our distribution of our ownership in RRI to our
 shareholders, CERC had guaranteed certain contractual
 obligations of what became RRI’s trading subsidiary. Under
 the terms of the separation agreement between the companies, RRI
 agreed to extinguish all such guaranty obligations prior to
 separation, but at the time of separation in September 2002, RRI
 had been unable to extinguish all obligations. To secure us and
 CERC against obligations under the remaining guaranties, RRI
 agreed to provide cash or letters of credit for the benefit of
 CERC and us, and undertook to use commercially reasonable
 efforts to extinguish the remaining guaranties. CERC currently
 holds letters of credit in the amount of $33.3 million
 issued on behalf of RRI against guaranties that have not been
 released. Our current exposure under the guaranties relates to
 CERC’s guaranty of the payment by RRI of demand

 30

Table of Contents

 charges related to transportation contracts with one
 counterparty. The demand charges are approximately
 $53 million per year through 2015, $49 million in
 2016, $38 million in 2017 and $13 million in 2018. RRI
 continues to meet its obligations under the transportation
 contracts, and we believe current market conditions make those
 contracts valuable for transportation services in the near term.
 However, changes in market conditions could affect the value of
 those contracts. If RRI should fail to perform its obligations
 under the transportation contracts, our exposure to the
 counterparty under the guaranty could exceed the security
 provided by RRI. We have requested RRI to increase the amount of
 its existing letters of credit or, in the alternative, to obtain
 a release of CERC’s obligations under the guaranty. In June
 2006, the RRI trading subsidiary and CERC jointly filed a
 complaint at the FERC against the counterparty on the CERC
 guaranty. In the complaint, the RRI trading subsidiary seeks a
 determination by the FERC that the security demanded by the
 counterparty exceeds the level permitted by the FERC’s
 policies. The complaint asks the FERC to require the
 counterparty to release CERC from its guaranty obligation and,
 in its place, accept (i) a guaranty from RRI of the
 obligations of the RRI trading subsidiary, and (ii) letters
 of credit limited to (A) one year of demand charges for a
 transportation agreement related to a 2003 expansion of the
 counterparty’s pipeline, and (B) three months of
 demand charges for three other transportation agreements held by
 the RRI trading subsidiary. The counterparty has argued that the
 amount of the guaranty does not violate the FERC’s policies
 and that the proposed substitution of credit support is not
 authorized under the counterparty’s financing documents or
 required by the FERC’s policy. The parties have now
 completed their submissions to FERC regarding the complaint. We
 cannot predict what action the FERC may take on the complaint or
 when the FERC may rule. In addition to the FERC proceeding, in
 February 2007 CenterPoint and CERC made a formal demand on RRI
 under procedures provided for by the Master Separation
 Agreement, dated as of December 31, 2000, between Reliant
 Energy, Incorporated and Reliant Resources, Inc. That demand
 seeks to resolve the disagreement with RRI over the amount of
 security RRI is obligated to provide with respect to this
 guaranty. It is possible that this demand could lead to an
 arbitration proceeding between the companies, but when and on
 what terms the disagreement with RRI will ultimately be resolved
 cannot be predicted.

 RRI’s unsecured debt ratings are currently below investment
 grade. If RRI were unable to meet its obligations, it would need
 to consider, among various options, restructuring under the
 bankruptcy laws, in which event RRI might not honor its
 indemnification obligations and claims by RRI’s creditors
 might be made against us as its former owner.

 Reliant Energy and RRI are named as defendants in a number of
 lawsuits arising out of energy sales in California and other
 markets and financial reporting matters. Although these matters
 relate to the business and operations of RRI, claims against
 Reliant Energy have been made on grounds that include the effect
 of RRI’s financial results on Reliant Energy’s
 historical financial statements and liability of Reliant Energy
 as a controlling shareholder of RRI. We or CenterPoint Houston
 could incur liability if claims in one or more of these lawsuits
 were successfully asserted against us or CenterPoint Houston and
 indemnification from RRI were determined to be unavailable or if
 RRI were unable to satisfy indemnification obligations owed with
 respect to those claims.

 In connection with the organization and capitalization of Texas
 Genco, Texas Genco assumed liabilities associated with the
 electric generation assets Reliant Energy transferred to it.
 Texas Genco also agreed to indemnify, and cause the applicable
 transferee subsidiaries to indemnify, us and our subsidiaries,
 including CenterPoint Houston, with respect to liabilities
 associated with the transferred assets and businesses. In many
 cases the liabilities assumed were obligations of CenterPoint
 Houston and CenterPoint Houston was not released by third
 parties from these liabilities. The indemnity provisions were
 intended generally to place sole financial responsibility on
 Texas Genco and its subsidiaries for all liabilities associated
 with the current and historical businesses and operations of
 Texas Genco, regardless of the time those liabilities arose. In
 connection with the sale of Texas Genco’s fossil generation
 assets (coal, lignite and gas-fired plants) to Texas Genco LLC,
 the separation agreement we entered into with Texas Genco in
 connection with the organization and capitalization of Texas
 Genco was amended to provide that all of Texas Genco’s
 rights and obligations under the separation agreement relating
 to its fossil generation assets, including Texas Genco’s
 obligation to indemnify us with respect to liabilities
 associated with the fossil generation assets and related
 business, were assigned to and assumed by Texas Genco LLC. In
 addition, under the amended separation agreement, Texas Genco is
 no longer liable for, and we have assumed and agreed to
 indemnify Texas Genco LLC against, liabilities that Texas Genco
 originally assumed in connection with its organization to the
 extent, and only to the extent, that such liabilities are
 covered by certain insurance policies or

 31

Table of Contents

 other similar agreements held by us. If Texas Genco or Texas
 Genco LLC were unable to satisfy a liability that had been so
 assumed or indemnified against, and provided Reliant Energy had
 not been released from the liability in connection with the
 transfer, CenterPoint Houston could be responsible for
 satisfying the liability.

 We or our subsidiaries have been named, along with numerous
 others, as a defendant in lawsuits filed by a large number of
 individuals who claim injury due to exposure to asbestos. Most
 claimants in such litigation have been workers who participated
 in construction of various industrial facilities, including
 power plants. Some of the claimants have worked at locations we
 own, but most existing claims relate to facilities previously
 owned by our subsidiaries but currently owned by Texas Genco
 LLC, which is now known as NRG Texas LP. We anticipate that
 additional claims like those received may be asserted in the
 future. Under the terms of the arrangements regarding separation
 of the generating business from us and its sale to Texas Genco
 LLC, ultimate financial responsibility for uninsured losses from
 claims relating to the generating business has been assumed by
 Texas Genco LLC and its successor, but we have agreed to
 continue to defend such claims to the extent they are covered by
 insurance maintained by us, subject to reimbursement of the
 costs of such defense by Texas Genco LLC.