We are a
holding company that conducts all of our business operations through
subsidiaries, primarily CenterPoint Houston and CERC. The following, along with
any additional legal proceedings identified or incorporated by reference in
Item 3 of this report, summarizes the principal risk factors associated
with the businesses conducted by each of these subsidiaries:

 Affecting Our Electric Transmission & Distribution
Business

CenterPoint
Houston may not be successful in ultimately recovering the full value of

its true-up
components, which could result in the elimination of certain tax 
benefits and
could have an adverse impact on CenterPoint Houston’s results of 
operations,
financial condition and cash flows.

In March
2004, CenterPoint Houston filed its true-up application with the Texas Utility
Commission, requesting recovery of $3.7 billion, excluding interest, as
allowed under the Texas electric restructuring law. In December 2004, the
Texas Utility Commission issued its True-Up Order allowing CenterPoint Houston
to recover a true-up balance of approximately $2.3 billion, which included
interest through August 31, 2004, and provided for adjustment of the amount
to be recovered to include interest on the balance until recovery, along with
the principal portion of additional EMCs returned to customers after
August 31, 2004 and certain other adjustments.

CenterPoint
Houston and other parties filed appeals of the True-Up Order to a district court
in Travis County, Texas. In August 2005, that court issued its judgment on the
various appeals. In its judgment, the district court:

 •

 reversed
 the Texas Utility Commission’s ruling that had denied recovery of a
 portion of the capacity auction true-up
amounts;

 •

 reversed
 the Texas Utility Commission’s ruling that precluded CenterPoint Houston
 from recovering the interest component of the EMCs paid to
 REPs; and

 •

 affirmed
 the True-Up Order in all other
respects.

The
district court’s decision would have had the effect of restoring approximately
$650 million, plus interest, of the $1.7 billion the Texas Utility
Commission had disallowed from CenterPoint Houston’s initial
request.

CenterPoint
Houston and other parties appealed the district court’s judgment to the Texas
Third Court of Appeals, which issued its decision in December 2007. In its
decision, the court of appeals:

 •

 reversed
 the district court’s judgment to the extent it restored the capacity
 auction true-up amounts;

 21

 Table of Contents

 •

 reversed
 the district court’s judgment to the extent it upheld the Texas Utility
 Commission’s decision to allow CenterPoint Houston to recover EMCs paid to
 RRI;

 •

 ordered
 that the tax normalization issue described below be remanded to the Texas
 Utility Commission as requested by the Texas Utility
 Commission; and

 •

 affirmed
 the district court’s judgment in all other
 respects.

In April
2008, the court of appeals denied all motions for rehearing and reissued
substantially the same opinion as it had rendered in
December 2007.

In June
2008, CenterPoint Houston petitioned the Texas Supreme Court for review of the
court of appeals decision. In its petition, CenterPoint Houston seeks reversal
of the parts of the court of appeals decision that (i) denied recovery of
EMCs paid to RRI, (ii) denied recovery of the capacity auction true-up
amounts allowed by the district court, (iii) affirmed the Texas Utility
Commission’s rulings that denied recovery of approximately $378 million
related to depreciation and (iv) affirmed the Texas Utility Commission’s
refusal to permit CenterPoint Houston to utilize the partial stock valuation
methodology for determining the market value of its former generation assets.
Two other petitions for review were filed with the Texas Supreme Court by other
parties to the appeal. In those petitions parties contend that (i) the
Texas Utility Commission was without authority to fashion the methodology it
used for valuing the former generation assets after it had determined that
CenterPoint Houston could not use the partial stock valuation method,
(ii) in fashioning the method it used for valuing the former generating
assets, the Texas Utility Commission deprived parties of their due process
rights and an opportunity to be heard, (iii) the net book value of the
generating assets should have been adjusted downward due to the impact of a
purchase option that had been granted to RRI, (iv) CenterPoint Houston
should not have been permitted to recover construction work in progress balances
without proving those amounts in the manner required by law and (v) the
Texas Utility Commission was without authority to award interest on the capacity
auction true up award.

Review by
the Texas Supreme Court of the court of appeals decision is at the discretion of
the court. In November 2008, the Texas Supreme Court requested the parties
to the Petitions for Review to submit briefs on the merits of the
issues raised. Briefing at the Texas Supreme Court should be completed in the
second quarter of 2009. Although the Texas Supreme Court has not indicated
whether it will grant review of the lower court’s decision, its
request for full briefing on the merits allowed the parties to more fully
explain their positions. There is no prescribed time in which the Texas Supreme
Court must determine whether to grant review or, if review is granted, for a
decision by that court. Although we and CenterPoint Houston believe that
CenterPoint Houston’s true-up request is consistent with applicable statutes and
regulations and, accordingly, that it is reasonably possible that it will be
successful in its appeal to the Texas Supreme Court, we can provide no assurance
as to the ultimate court rulings on the issues to be considered in the appeal or
with respect to the ultimate decision by the Texas Utility Commission on the tax
normalization issue described below.

To
reflect the impact of the True-Up Order, in 2004 and 2005, we recorded a net
after-tax extraordinary loss of $947 million. No amounts related to the
district court’s judgment or the decision of the court of appeals have been
recorded in our consolidated financial statements. However, if the court of
appeals decision is not reversed or modified as a result of further review by
the Texas Supreme Court, we anticipate that we would be required to record an
additional loss to reflect the court of appeals decision. The amount of that
loss would depend on several factors, including ultimate resolution of the tax
normalization issue described below and the calculation of interest on any
amounts CenterPoint Houston ultimately is authorized to recover or is required
to refund beyond the amounts 
recorded
based on the True-Up Order, but could range from $170 million to
$385 million (pre-tax) plus interest subsequent to December 31,
2008.

In the
True-Up Order, the Texas Utility Commission reduced CenterPoint Houston’s
stranded cost recovery by approximately $146 million, which was included in
the extraordinary loss discussed above, for the present value of certain
deferred tax benefits associated with its former electric generation assets. We
believe that the Texas Utility Commission based its order on proposed
regulations issued by the IRS in March 2003 that would have allowed utilities
owning assets that were deregulated before March 4, 2003 to make a
retroactive election to pass the benefits of ADITC and EDFIT back to customers.
However, the IRS subsequently withdrew those proposed normalization regulations
and in March 2008 adopted final regulations that would not permit utilities like
CenterPoint Houston to

 22

 Table of Contents

pass the
tax benefits back to customers without creating normalization violations. In
addition, we received a PLR from the IRS in August 2007, prior to adoption of
the final regulations that confirmed that the Texas Utility Commission’s order
reducing CenterPoint Houston’s stranded cost recovery by $146 million for
ADITC and EDFIT would cause normalization violations with respect to the ADITC
and EDFIT.

If the
Texas Utility Commission’s order relating to the ADITC reduction is not reversed
or otherwise modified on remand so as to eliminate the normalization violation,
the IRS could require us to pay an amount equal to CenterPoint Houston’s
unamortized ADITC balance as of the date that the normalization violation is
deemed to have occurred. In addition, the IRS could deny CenterPoint Houston the
ability to elect accelerated tax depreciation benefits beginning in the taxable
year that the normalization violation is deemed to have occurred. Such
treatment, if required by the IRS, could have a material adverse impact on our
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows in addition to any
potential loss resulting from final resolution of the True-Up Order. In its
opinion, the court of appeals ordered that this issue be remanded to the Texas
Utility Commission, as that commission requested. No party, in the petitions for
review or briefs filed with the Texas Supreme Court, has challenged that order
by the court of appeals, though the Texas Supreme Court, if it grants review,
will have authority to consider all aspects of the rulings above, not just those
challenged specifically by the appellants. We and CenterPoint Houston will
continue to pursue a favorable resolution of this issue through the appellate or
administrative process. Although the Texas Utility Commission has not previously
required a company subject to its jurisdiction to take action that would result
in a normalization violation, no prediction can be made as to the ultimate
action the Texas Utility Commission may take on this issue on
remand.

CenterPoint
Houston must seek recovery of significant restoration costs arising from

Hurricane
Ike.

CenterPoint
Houston’s electric delivery system suffered substantial damage as a result of
Hurricane Ike, which struck the upper Texas coast on September 13, 2008.
CenterPoint Houston estimates that total costs to restore the electric delivery
facilities damaged as a result of Hurricane Ike will be in the range of
$600 million to $650 million.

CenterPoint
Houston believes it is entitled to recover prudently incurred storm costs in
accordance with applicable regulatory and legal principles. The Texas
Legislature currently is considering  passage of legislation that
would (i) authorize the Texas Utility Commission to determine the amount of
storm restoration costs that CenterPoint Houston would be entitled to recover
and (ii) permit the Texas Utility Commission to issue a financing order
that would allow CenterPoint Houston to recover the amount of storm restoration
costs determined in such a proceeding through issuance of dedicated
securitization bonds, which would be repaid over time through a charge imposed
on REPs. In proceedings to determine and seek recovery of storm restoration
costs under the proposed legislation, CenterPoint Houston would be required to
prove to the Texas Utility Commission’s satisfaction its prudently incurred
costs as well as to demonstrate the cost benefit from using securitization to
recover those costs instead of alternative means. Alternatively, CenterPoint
Houston has the right to seek recovery of these costs under traditional rate
making principles. CenterPoint Houston’s failure to recover costs incurred as a
result of Hurricane Ike could adversely affect its liquidity, results of
operations and financial condition. For more information about CenterPoint
Houston’s recovery from Hurricane Ike, please read “Business — Electric
Transmission & Distribution — Hurricane Ike” in Item 1 of
this report.

CenterPoint
Houston’s receivables are concentrated in a small number of retail 
electric
providers, and any delay or default in payment could adversely affect

CenterPoint
Houston’s cash flows, financial condition and results of
operations.

CenterPoint
Houston’s receivables from the distribution of electricity are collected from
REPs that supply the electricity CenterPoint Houston distributes to their
customers. As of December 31, 2008, CenterPoint Houston did business with
79 REPs. Adverse economic conditions, structural problems in the market served
by ERCOT or financial difficulties of one or more REPs could impair the ability
of these REPs to pay for CenterPoint Houston’s services or could cause them to
delay such payments. In 2008, seven REPs selling power within CenterPoint
Houston’s service territory ceased to operate, and their customers were
transferred to the provider of last resort or to other REPs. CenterPoint Houston
depends on these REPs to remit payments on a timely basis. Applicable regulatory
provisions require that customers be shifted to a provider of last resort if a
REP cannot make timely payments. Applicable Texas Utility Commission regulations
significantly limit the extent to which CenterPoint Houston can demand credit
protection from REPs for payments not made prior to the shift to the provider of
last resort. However,

 23

 Table of Contents

the Texas
Utility Commission is currently considering proposed revisions to those
regulations that, as currently proposed, would (i) increase the credit
protections that could be required from REPs, and (ii) allow utilities to defer
the loss of  payments for recovery in a future rate case. Whether such
revised regulations will ultimately be adopted and their terms cannot now be
determined. RRI, through its subsidiaries, is CenterPoint Houston’s largest
customer. Approximately 46% of CenterPoint Houston’s $141 million in billed
receivables from REPs at December 31, 2008 was owed by subsidiaries of RRI.
Any delay or default in payment by REPs such as RRI could adversely affect
CenterPoint Houston’s cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.
RRI’s unsecured debt ratings are currently below investment grade. If RRI were
unable to meet its obligations, it could consider, among various options,
restructuring under the bankruptcy laws, in which event RRI’s subsidiaries might
seek to avoid honoring their obligations and claims might be made by creditors
involving payments CenterPoint Houston has received from RRI’s
subsidiaries.

Rate regulation
of CenterPoint Houston’s business may delay or deny CenterPoint 
Houston’s ability
to earn a reasonable return and fully recover its costs.

CenterPoint
Houston’s rates are regulated by certain municipalities and the Texas Utility
Commission based on an analysis of its invested capital and its expenses in a
test year. Thus, the rates that CenterPoint Houston is allowed to charge may not
match its expenses at any given time. The regulatory process by which rates are
determined may not always result in rates that will produce full recovery of
CenterPoint Houston’s costs and enable CenterPoint Houston to earn a reasonable
return on its invested capital.

In this
regard, pursuant to the Stipulation and Settlement Agreement approved by the
Texas Utility Commission in September  2006, until June 30, 2010
CenterPoint Houston is limited in its ability to request retail rate relief. For
more information on the Stipulation and Settlement Agreement, please read
“Business — Regulation — State and Local Regulation — Electric
Transmission & Distribution — CenterPoint Houston Rate Agreement”
in Item 1 of this report.

Disruptions at
power generation facilities owned by third parties could interrupt 
CenterPoint
Houston’s sales of transmission and distribution services.

CenterPoint
Houston transmits and distributes to customers of REPs electric power that the
REPs obtain from power generation facilities owned by third parties. CenterPoint
Houston does not own or operate any power generation facilities. If power
generation is disrupted or if power generation capacity is inadequate,
CenterPoint Houston’s sales of transmission and distribution services may be
diminished or interrupted, and its results of operations, financial condition
and cash flows could be adversely affected.

CenterPoint
Houston’s revenues and results of operations are seasonal.

A
significant portion of CenterPoint Houston’s revenues is derived from rates that
it collects from each REP based on the amount of electricity it delivers on
behalf of such REP. Thus, CenterPoint Houston’s revenues and results of
operations are subject to seasonality, weather conditions and other changes in
electricity usage, with revenues being higher during the warmer
months.

Risk Factors Affecting Our Natural
Gas Distribution, Competitive Natural Gas Sales 
and Services, Interstate Pipelines
and Field Services Businesses

Rate regulation
of CERC’s business may delay or deny CERC’s ability to earn a 
reasonable return
and fully recover its costs.

CERC’s
rates for Gas Operations are regulated by certain municipalities and state
commissions, and for its interstate pipelines by the FERC, based on an analysis
of its invested capital and its expenses in a test year. Thus, the rates that
CERC is allowed to charge may not match its expenses at any given time. The
regulatory process in which rates are determined may not always result in rates
that will produce full recovery of CERC’s costs and enable CERC to earn a
reasonable return on its invested capital.

 24

 Table of Contents

CERC’s businesses
must compete with alternate energy sources, which could result in 
CERC marketing
less natural gas, and its interstate pipelines and field services 
businesses must
compete directly with others in the transportation, storage, 
gathering,
treating and processing of natural gas, which could lead to lower prices

and reduced
volumes, either of which could have an adverse impact on CERC’s results

of
operations, financial condition and cash flows.

CERC
competes primarily with alternate energy sources such as electricity and other
fuel sources. In some areas, intrastate pipelines, other natural gas
distributors and marketers also compete directly with CERC for natural gas sales
to end-users. In addition, as a result of federal regulatory changes affecting
interstate pipelines, natural gas marketers operating on these pipelines may be
able to bypass CERC’s facilities and market, sell and/or transport natural gas
directly to commercial and industrial customers. Any reduction in the amount of
natural gas marketed, sold or transported by CERC as a result of competition may
have an adverse impact on CERC’s results of operations, financial condition and
cash flows.

CERC’s
two interstate pipelines and its gathering systems compete with other interstate
and intrastate pipelines and gathering systems in the transportation and storage
of natural gas. The principal elements of competition are rates, terms of
service, and flexibility and reliability of service. They also compete
indirectly with other forms of energy, including electricity, coal and fuel
oils. The primary competitive factor is price. The actions of CERC’s competitors
could lead to lower prices, which may have an adverse impact on CERC’s results
of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, any reduction
in the volume of natural gas transported or stored may have an adverse impact on
CERC’s results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

CERC’s natural
gas distribution and competitive natural gas sales and services 
businesses are
subject to fluctuations in natural gas prices, which could 
affect the
ability of CERC’s suppliers and customers to meet their obligations or

otherwise
adversely affect CERC’s liquidity and results of operations.

CERC is
subject to risk associated with increases in the price of natural gas. Increases
in natural gas prices might affect CERC’s ability to collect balances due from
its customers and, for Gas Operations, could create the potential for
uncollectible accounts expense to exceed the recoverable levels built into
CERC’s tariff rates. In addition, a sustained period of high natural gas prices
could (i) apply downward demand pressure on natural gas consumption in the
areas in which CERC operates thereby resulting in decreased sales volumes and
revenues and (ii) increase the risk that CERC’s suppliers or customers fail
or are unable to meet their obligations. Additionally, increasing natural gas
prices could create the need for CERC to provide collateral in order to purchase
natural gas.

A decline in
CERC’s credit rating could result in CERC’s having to provide collateral

in order to
purchase gas.

If CERC’s
credit rating were to decline, it might be required to post cash collateral in
order to purchase natural gas. If a credit rating downgrade and the resultant
cash collateral requirement were to occur at a time when CERC was experiencing
significant working capital requirements or otherwise lacked liquidity, CERC’s
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be adversely
affected.

The revenues and
results of operations of CERC’s interstate pipelines and field 
services
businesses are subject to fluctuations in the supply and price of natural
gas.

CERC’s
interstate pipelines and field services businesses largely rely on natural gas
sourced in the various supply basins located in the Mid-continent region of the
United States. The level of drilling and production activity in these regions is
dependent on economic and business factors beyond our control. The primary
factor affecting both the level of drilling activity and production volumes is
natural gas pricing. A sustained decline in natural gas prices could result in a
decrease in exploration and development activities in the regions served by our
gathering and pipeline transportation systems and our natural gas treating and
processing activities. A sustained decline could also lead producers to shut in
production from their existing wells. Other factors that impact production
decisions include the level of production costs relative to other available
production, producers’ access to needed capital and the cost of that capital,
the ability of producers to obtain necessary drilling and other governmental
permits, access to drilling rigs and regulatory changes. Because of these
factors, even if new natural gas reserves are discovered in areas served by our
assets, producers may choose not to develop those reserves or to shut in
production from

 25

 Table of Contents

existing
reserves. To the extent the availability of this supply is substantially
reduced, it could have an adverse effect on CERC’s results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows.

CERC’s
revenues from these businesses are also affected by the prices of natural gas
and natural gas liquids (NGL). NGL prices generally fluctuate on a basis that
correlates to fluctuations in crude oil prices. In the past, the prices of
natural gas and crude oil have been extremely volatile, and we expect this
volatility to continue. The markets and prices for natural gas, NGLs and crude
oil depend upon factors beyond our control. These factors include supply of and
demand for these commodities, which fluctuate with changes in market and
economic conditions and other factors.

CERC’s
revenues and results of operations are seasonal.

A
substantial portion of CERC’s revenues is derived from natural gas sales and
transportation. Thus, CERC’s revenues and results of operations are subject to
seasonality, weather conditions and other changes in natural gas usage, with
revenues being higher during the winter months.

The actual cost
of pipelines under construction and related compression facilities 
may be
significantly higher than CERC had planned.

Subsidiaries
of CERC Corp. have been recently involved in significant pipeline construction
projects and, depending on available opportunities, may, from time to time, be
involved in additional significant pipeline construction projects in the future.
The construction of new pipelines and related compression facilities requires
the expenditure of significant amounts of capital, which may exceed CERC’s
estimates. These projects may not be completed at the planned cost, on schedule
or at all. The construction of new pipeline or compression facilities is subject
to construction cost overruns due to labor costs, costs of equipment and
materials such as steel and nickel, labor shortages or delays, weather delays,
inflation or other factors, which could be material. In addition, the
construction of these facilities is typically subject to the receipt of
approvals and permits from various regulatory agencies. Those agencies may not
approve the projects in a timely manner or may impose restrictions or conditions
on the projects that could potentially prevent a project from proceeding,
lengthen its expected completion schedule and/or increase its anticipated cost.
As a result, there is the risk that the new facilities may not be able to
achieve CERC’s expected investment return, which could adversely affect CERC’s
financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

The states in
which CERC provides regulated local gas distribution may, either 
through
legislation or rules, adopt restrictions similar to or broader than those

under the
Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935 regarding organization, 
financing and
affiliate transactions that could have significant adverse impacts on

CERC’s
ability to operate.

The
Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, to which we and our subsidiaries
were subject prior to its repeal in the Energy Act, provided a comprehensive
regulatory structure governing the organization, capital structure, intracompany
relationships and lines of business that could be pursued by registered holding
companies and their member companies. Following repeal of that Act, some states
in which CERC does business have sought to expand their own regulatory
frameworks to give their regulatory authorities increased jurisdiction and
scrutiny over similar aspects of the utilities that operate in their states.
Some of these frameworks attempt to regulate 
financing
activities, acquisitions and divestitures, and arrangements between the
utilities and their affiliates, and to restrict the level of non-utility
businesses that can be conducted within the holding company structure.
Additionally they may impose record keeping, record access, employee training
and reporting requirements related to affiliate transactions and reporting in
the event of certain downgrading of the utility’s bond rating.

These
regulatory frameworks could have adverse effects on CERC’s ability to operate
its utility operations, to finance its business and to provide cost-effective
utility service. In addition, if more than one state adopts restrictions over
similar activities, it may be difficult for CERC and us to comply with competing
regulatory requirements.

 26

 Table of Contents

Risk
Factors Associated with Our Consolidated Financial Condition

If we are unable
to arrange future financings on acceptable terms, our ability to 
refinance
existing indebtedness could be limited.

As of
December 31, 2008, we had $10.7 billion of outstanding indebtedness on
a consolidated basis, which includes $2.6 billion of non-recourse
transition bonds. As of December 31, 2008, approximately $953 million
principal amount of this debt is required to be paid through 2011. This amount
excludes principal repayments of approximately $669 million on transition
bonds, for which a dedicated revenue stream exists. Our future financing
activities may be significantly affected by, among other things:

 •

 the
 resolution of the true-up components, including, in particular, the
 results of appeals to the courts regarding rulings obtained to
 date;

 •

 CenterPoint
 Houston’s recovery of costs arising from Hurricane
 Ike;

 •

 general
 economic and capital market
conditions;

 •

 credit
 availability from financial institutions and other
 lenders;

 •

 investor
 confidence in us and the markets in which we
 operate;

 •

 maintenance
 of acceptable credit ratings;

 •

 market
 expectations regarding our future earnings and cash
 flows;

 •

 market
 perceptions of our ability to access capital markets on reasonable
 terms;

 •

 our
 exposure to RRI in connection with its indemnification obligations arising
 in connection with its separation from
 us; and

 •

 provisions
 of relevant tax and securities
laws.

As of
December 31, 2008, CenterPoint Houston had outstanding approximately
$2.6 billion aggregate principal amount of general mortgage bonds,
including approximately $527 million held in trust to secure pollution
control bonds for which we are obligated, $600 million securing borrowings
under a credit facility which was unutilized and approximately $229 million
held in trust to secure pollution control bonds for which CenterPoint Houston is
obligated. Additionally, CenterPoint Houston had outstanding approximately
$253 million aggregate principal amount of first mortgage bonds, including
approximately $151 million held in trust to secure certain pollution
control bonds for which we are obligated. CenterPoint Houston may issue
additional general mortgage bonds on the basis of retired bonds, 70% of property
additions or cash deposited with the trustee. Approximately $1.8 billion of
additional first mortgage bonds and general mortgage bonds in the aggregate
could be issued on the basis of retired bonds and 70% of property additions as
of December 31, 2008. However, CenterPoint Houston has contractually agreed
that it will not issue additional first mortgage bonds, subject to certain
exceptions. In January 2009, CenterPoint Houston issued $500 million
aggregate principal amount of general mortgage bonds in a public
offering.

Our
current credit ratings are discussed in “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations of CenterPoint Energy, Inc. and
Subsidiaries — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Future Sources
and Uses of Cash — Impact on Liquidity of a Downgrade in Credit Ratings” in
Item 7 of this report. These credit ratings may not remain in effect for
any given period of time and one or more of these ratings may be lowered or
withdrawn entirely by a rating agency. We note that these credit ratings are not
recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities. Each rating should be
evaluated independently of any other rating. Any future reduction or withdrawal
of one or more of our credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on our
ability to access capital on acceptable terms.

 27

 Table of Contents

As a holding
company with no operations of our own, we will depend on distributions

from our
subsidiaries to meet our payment obligations, and provisions of
applicable 
law or
contractual restrictions could limit the amount of those
distributions.

We derive
all our operating income from, and hold all our assets through, our
subsidiaries. As a result, we will depend on distributions from our subsidiaries
in order to meet our payment obligations. In general, these subsidiaries are
separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to provide us with
funds for our payment obligations, whether by dividends, distributions, loans or
otherwise. In addition, provisions of applicable law, such as those limiting the
legal sources of dividends, limit our subsidiaries’ ability to make payments or
other distributions to us, and our subsidiaries could agree to contractual
restrictions on their ability to make distributions.

Our right
to receive any assets of any subsidiary, and therefore the right of our
creditors to participate in those assets, will be effectively subordinated to
the claims of that subsidiary’s creditors, including trade creditors. In
addition, even if we were a creditor of any subsidiary, our rights as a creditor
would be subordinated to any security interest in the assets of that subsidiary
and any indebtedness of the subsidiary senior to that held by us.

The use of
derivative contracts by us and our subsidiaries in the normal course of

business
could result in financial losses that could negatively impact our results
of 
operations and
those of our subsidiaries.

We and
our subsidiaries use derivative instruments, such as swaps, options, futures and
forwards, to manage our commodity, weather and financial market risks. We and
our subsidiaries could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in
the market values of these contracts, or should a counterparty fail to perform.
In the absence of actively quoted market prices and pricing information from
external sources, the valuation of these financial instruments can involve
management’s judgment or use of estimates. As a result, changes in the
underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the
reported fair value of these contracts.

Risks
Common to Our Businesses and Other Risks

We are subject to
operational and financial risks and liabilities arising from 
environmental
laws and regulations.

Our
operations are subject to stringent and complex laws and regulations pertaining
to health, safety and the environment as described in “Business
— Environmental Matters” in Item 1 of this Form 10-K. As an owner
or operator of natural gas pipelines and distribution systems, gas gathering and
processing systems, and electric transmission and distribution systems, we must
comply with these laws and regulations at the federal, state and local levels.
These laws and regulations can restrict or impact our business activities in
many ways, such as:

 •

 restricting
 the way we can handle or dispose of
wastes;

 •

 limiting
 or prohibiting construction activities in sensitive areas such as
 wetlands, coastal regions, or areas inhabited by endangered
 species;

 •

 requiring
 remedial action to mitigate pollution conditions caused by our operations,
 or attributable to former
operations; and

 •

 enjoining
 the operations of facilities deemed in non-compliance with permits issued
 pursuant to such environmental laws and
 regulations.

In order
to comply with these requirements, we may need to spend substantial amounts and
devote other resources from time to time to:

 •

 construct
 or acquire new equipment;

 •

 acquire
 permits for facility operations;

 •

 modify
 or replace existing and proposed
 equipment; and

 28

 Table of Contents

 •

 clean
 up or decommission waste disposal areas, fuel storage and management
 facilities and other locations and
facilities.

Failure
to comply with these laws and regulations may trigger a variety of
administrative, civil and criminal enforcement measures, including the
assessment of monetary penalties, the imposition of remedial actions, and the
issuance of orders enjoining future operations. Certain environmental statutes
impose strict, joint and several liability for costs required to clean up and
restore sites where hazardous substances have been disposed or otherwise
released. Moreover, it is not uncommon for neighboring landowners and other
third parties to file claims for personal injury and property damage allegedly
caused by the release of hazardous substances or other waste products into the
environment.

Our insurance
coverage may not be sufficient. Insufficient insurance coverage and 
increased
insurance costs could adversely impact our results of operations,
financial 
condition and
cash flows.

We
currently have general liability and property insurance in place to cover
certain of our facilities in amounts that we consider appropriate. Such policies
are subject to certain limits and deductibles and do not include business
interruption coverage. Insurance coverage may not be available in the future at
current costs or on commercially reasonable terms, and the insurance proceeds
received for any loss of, or any damage to, any of our facilities may not be
sufficient to restore the loss or damage without negative impact on our results
of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

In common
with other companies in its line of business that serve coastal regions,
CenterPoint Houston does not have insurance covering its transmission and
distribution system because CenterPoint Houston believes it to be cost
prohibitive. CenterPoint Houston may not be able to recover the costs incurred
in restoring its transmission and distribution properties following Hurricane
Ike, or any such costs sustained in the future, through a change in its
regulated rates, and any such recovery may not be timely granted. Therefore,
CenterPoint Houston may not be able to restore any loss of, or damage to, any of
its transmission and distribution properties without negative impact on its
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We, CenterPoint
Houston and CERC could incur liabilities associated with businesses 
and assets that
we have transferred to others.

Under
some circumstances, we, CenterPoint Houston and CERC could incur liabilities
associated with assets and businesses we, CenterPoint Houston and CERC no longer
own. These assets and businesses were previously owned by Reliant Energy,
Incorporated (Reliant Energy), a predecessor of CenterPoint Houston, directly or
through subsidiaries and include:

 •

 merchant
 energy, energy trading and REP businesses transferred to RRI or its
 subsidiaries in connection with the organization and capitalization of RRI
 prior to its initial public offering in
 2001; and

 •

 Texas
 electric generating facilities transferred to Texas Genco Holdings, Inc.
 (Texas Genco) in 2004 and early
2005.

In
connection with the organization and capitalization of RRI, RRI and its
subsidiaries assumed liabilities associated with various assets and businesses
Reliant Energy transferred to them. RRI also agreed to indemnify, and

cause the
applicable transferee subsidiaries to indemnify, us and our subsidiaries,
including CenterPoint Houston and CERC, with respect to liabilities associated
with the transferred assets and businesses. These indemnity provisions were
intended to place sole financial responsibility on RRI and its subsidiaries for
all liabilities associated with the current and historical businesses and
operations of RRI, regardless of the time those liabilities arose. If RRI were
unable to satisfy a liability that has been so assumed in circumstances in which
Reliant Energy and its subsidiaries were not released from the liability in
connection with the transfer, we, CenterPoint Houston or CERC could be
responsible for satisfying the liability.

Prior to
the distribution of our ownership in RRI to our shareholders, CERC had
guaranteed certain contractual obligations of what became RRI’s trading
subsidiary. Under the terms of the separation agreement between the companies,
RRI agreed to extinguish all such guaranty obligations prior to separation, but
at the time of separation

 29

 Table of Contents

in
September 2002, RRI had been unable to extinguish all obligations. To secure
CERC against obligations under the remaining guaranties, RRI agreed to provide
cash or letters of credit for CERC’s benefit, and undertook to use commercially
reasonable efforts to extinguish the remaining guaranties. In
December 2007, we, CERC and RRI amended that agreement and CERC released
the letters of credit it held as security. Under the revised agreement, RRI
agreed to provide cash or new letters of credit to secure CERC against exposure
under the remaining guaranties as calculated under the revised agreement if and
to the extent changes in market conditions exposed CERC to a risk of loss on
those guaranties.

The
potential exposure to CERC under the guaranties relates to payment of demand
charges related to transportation contracts. The present value of the demand
charges under these transportation contracts, which will be effective until
2018, was approximately $108 million as of December 31, 2008. RRI
continues to meet its obligations under the contracts, and on the basis of
market conditions, we and CERC have not required additional security. However,
if RRI should fail to perform its obligations under the contracts or if RRI
should fail to provide adequate security in the event market conditions change
adversely, we would retain our exposure to the counterparty under the
guaranty.

RRI’s
unsecured debt ratings are currently below investment grade. If RRI were unable
to meet its obligations, it would need to consider, among various options,
restructuring under the bankruptcy laws, in which event RRI might not honor its
indemnification obligations and claims by RRI’s creditors might be made against
us as its former owner.

Reliant
Energy and RRI are named as defendants in a number of lawsuits arising out of
energy sales in California and other markets and financial reporting matters.
Although these matters relate to the business and operations of RRI, claims
against Reliant Energy have been made on grounds that include the effect of
RRI’s financial results on Reliant Energy’s historical financial statements and
liability of Reliant Energy as a controlling shareholder of RRI. We, CenterPoint
Houston or CERC could incur liability if claims in one or more of these lawsuits
were successfully asserted against us, CenterPoint Houston or CERC and
indemnification from RRI were determined to be unavailable or if RRI were unable
to satisfy indemnification obligations owed with respect to those
claims.

In
connection with the organization and capitalization of Texas Genco, Texas Genco
assumed liabilities associated with the electric generation assets Reliant
Energy transferred to it. Texas Genco also agreed to indemnify, and cause the
applicable transferee subsidiaries to indemnify, us and our subsidiaries,
including CenterPoint Houston, with respect to liabilities associated with the
transferred assets and businesses. In many cases the liabilities assumed were
obligations of CenterPoint Houston and CenterPoint Houston was not released by
third parties from these liabilities. The indemnity provisions were intended
generally to place sole financial responsibility on Texas Genco and its
subsidiaries for all liabilities associated with the current and historical
businesses and operations of Texas Genco, regardless of the time those
liabilities arose. In connection with the sale of Texas Genco’s fossil
generation assets (coal, lignite and gas-fired plants) to NRG Texas LP
(previously named Texas Genco LLC), the separation agreement we entered
into with Texas Genco in connection with the organization and capitalization of
Texas Genco was amended to provide that all of Texas Genco’s rights and
obligations under the separation agreement relating to its fossil generation
assets, including Texas Genco’s obligation to indemnify us with respect to
liabilities associated with the fossil generation assets and related business,
were assigned to and assumed by NRG Texas LP. In addition, under the amended
separation agreement, Texas Genco is no longer liable for, and we have assumed
and agreed to indemnify NRG 
Texas LP
against, liabilities that Texas Genco originally assumed in connection with its
organization to the extent, and only to the extent, that such liabilities are
covered by certain 
insurance
policies or other similar agreements held by us. If Texas Genco or NRG Texas LP
were unable to satisfy a liability that had been so assumed or indemnified
against, and provided Reliant Energy had not been released from the liability in
connection with the transfer, CenterPoint Houston could be responsible for
satisfying the liability.

We or our
subsidiaries have been named, along with numerous others, as a defendant in
lawsuits filed by a number of individuals who claim injury due to exposure to
asbestos. Most claimants in such litigation have been workers who participated
in construction of various industrial facilities, including power plants. Some
of the claimants have worked at locations owned by us, but most existing claims
relate to facilities previously owned by us or our subsidiaries but currently
owned by NRG Texas LP. We anticipate that additional claims like those received
may be asserted in the future. Under the terms of the arrangements regarding
separation of the generating business from us and its sale to NRG Texas LP,
ultimate financial responsibility for uninsured losses from claims relating
to

 30

 Table of Contents

the
generating business has been assumed by NRG Texas LP, but we have agreed to
continue to defend such claims to the extent they are covered by insurance
maintained by us, subject to reimbursement of the costs of such defense by NRG
Texas LP.

The global
financial crisis may have impacts on our business, liquidity and financial
condition 
that we currently
cannot predict.

The
continued credit crisis and related turmoil in the global financial system may
have an impact on our business, liquidity and our financial condition. Our
ability to access the capital markets may be severely restricted at a time when
we would like, or need, to access those markets, which could have an impact on
our liquidity and flexibility to react to changing economic and business
conditions. In addition, the cost of debt financing and the proceeds of equity
financing may be materially adversely impacted by these market conditions. With
respect to our existing debt arrangements, Lehman Brothers Bank, FSB, which had
an approximately four percent participation in our credit facility and each of
the then-existing credit facilities of our subsidiaries, stopped funding its
commitments following the bankruptcy filing of its parent in September 2008 and
was subsequently terminated as a lender in our facility and the facility of
CenterPoint Houston. Defaults of other lenders should they occur could adversely
affect our liquidity. Capital market turmoil was also reflected in significant
reductions in equity market valuations in 2008, which significantly reduced the
value of assets of our pension plan. These reductions are expected to result in
increased non-cash pension expense in 2009, which will impact 2009 results of
operations.

In
addition to the credit and financial market issues, the national and local
recessionary conditions may impact our business in a variety of ways. These
include, among other things, reduced customer usage, increased customer default
rates and wide swings in commodity prices.