We are a holding company that conducts all of our business
 operations through subsidiaries, primarily CenterPoint Houston
 and CERC. The following, along with any additional legal
 proceedings identified or incorporated by reference in
 Item 3 of this report, summarizes the principal risk
 factors associated with the businesses conducted by each of
 these subsidiaries:

 Affecting Our Electric Transmission &
 Distribution Business

 CenterPoint
 Houston may not be successful in ultimately recovering the full
 value of its
 true-up
 components, which could result in the elimination of certain tax
 benefits and could have an adverse impact on CenterPoint
 Houston’s results of operations, financial condition and
 cash flows.

 In March 2004, CenterPoint Houston filed its
 true-up
 application with the Texas Utility Commission, requesting
 recovery of $3.7 billion, excluding interest, as allowed
 under the Texas electric restructuring law. In December 2004,
 the Texas Utility Commission issued the

True-Up
 Order allowing CenterPoint Houston to recover a

true-up
 balance of approximately $2.3 billion, which included
 interest through August 31, 2004, and provided for
 adjustment of the amount to be recovered to include interest on
 the balance until recovery, along with the principal portion of
 additional EMCs returned to customers after August 31, 2004
 and in certain other respects.

 CenterPoint Houston and other parties filed appeals of the
 True-Up
 Order to a district court in Travis County, Texas. In August
 2005, that court issued its judgment on the various appeals. In
 its judgment, the district court:

 • 

 reversed the Texas Utility Commission’s ruling that had
 denied recovery of a portion of the capacity auction
 true-up
 amounts;

 • 

 reversed the Texas Utility Commission’s ruling that
 precluded CenterPoint Houston from recovering the interest
 component of the EMCs paid to REPs; and

 • 

 affirmed the
 True-Up
 Order in all other respects.

 The district court’s decision would have had the effect of
 restoring approximately $650 million, plus interest, of the
 $1.7 billion the Texas Utility Commission had disallowed
 from CenterPoint Houston’s initial request.

 CenterPoint Houston and other parties appealed the district
 court’s judgment to the Texas Third Court of Appeals, which
 issued its decision in December 2007. In its decision, the court
 of appeals:

 • 

 reversed the district court’s judgment to the extent it
 restored the capacity auction
 true-up
 amounts;

 • 

 reversed the district court’s judgment to the extent it
 upheld the Texas Utility Commission’s decision to allow
 CenterPoint Houston to recover EMCs paid to RRI;

 • 

 ordered that the tax normalization issue described below be
 remanded to the Texas Utility Commission; and

 • 

 affirmed the district court’s judgment in all other
 respects.

 CenterPoint Houston and two other parties filed motions for
 rehearing with the court of appeals. In the event that the
 motions for rehearing are not resolved in a manner favorable to
 it, CenterPoint Houston intends to seek further review by the
 Texas Supreme Court. Although we and CenterPoint Houston believe
 that CenterPoint Houston’s
 true-up
 request is consistent with applicable statutes and regulations
 and accordingly that it is reasonably possible that it will be
 successful in its further appeals, we can provide no assurance
 as to the ultimate rulings by the courts on the issues to be
 considered in the various appeals or with respect to the
 ultimate decision by the Texas Utility Commission on the tax
 normalization issue described below.

 To reflect the impact of the
 True-Up
 Order, in 2004 and 2005 we recorded a net after-tax
 extraordinary loss of $947 million. No amounts related to
 the district court’s judgment or the decision of the court
 of appeals have been

 22

Table of Contents

 recorded in our consolidated financial statements. However, if
 the court of appeals decision is not reversed or modified as a
 result of the pending motions for rehearing or on further review
 by the Texas Supreme Court, we anticipate that we would be
 required to record an additional loss to reflect the court of
 appeals decision. The amount of that loss would depend on
 several factors, including ultimate resolution of the tax
 normalization issue described below and the calculation of
 interest on any amounts CenterPoint Houston ultimately is
 authorized to recover or is required to refund beyond the
 amounts recorded based on the
 True-up
 Order, but could range from $130 million to
 $350 million, plus interest subsequent to December 31,
 2007.

 In the
 True-Up
 Order the Texas Utility Commission reduced CenterPoint
 Houston’s stranded cost recovery by approximately
 $146 million, which was included in the extraordinary loss
 discussed above, for the present value of certain deferred tax
 benefits associated with its former electric generation assets.
 We believe that the Texas Utility Commission based its order on
 proposed regulations issued by the IRS in March 2003 which would
 have allowed utilities owning assets that were deregulated
 before March 4, 2003 to make a retroactive election to pass
 the benefits of ADITC and EDFIT back to customers. However, in
 December 2005, the IRS withdrew those proposed normalization
 regulations and issued new proposed regulations that do not
 include the provision allowing a retroactive election to pass
 the tax benefits back to customers. We subsequently requested a
 PLR asking the IRS whether the Texas Utility Commission’s
 order reducing CenterPoint Houston’s stranded cost recovery
 by $146 million for ADITC and EDFIT would cause
 normalization violations. In that ruling, which was received in
 August 2007, the IRS concluded that such reductions would cause
 normalization violations with respect to the ADITC and EDFIT. As
 in a similar PLR issued in May 2006 to another Texas utility,
 the IRS did not reference its proposed regulations.

 The district court affirmed the Texas Utility Commission’s
 ruling on the tax normalization issue, but in response to a
 request from the Texas Utility Commission, the court of appeals
 ordered that the tax normalization issue be remanded for further
 consideration. If the Texas Utility Commission’s order
 relating to the ADITC reduction is not reversed or otherwise
 modified on remand so as to eliminate the normalization
 violation, the IRS could require us to pay an amount equal to
 CenterPoint Houston’s unamortized ADITC balance as of the
 date that the normalization violation is deemed to have
 occurred. In addition, the IRS could deny CenterPoint Houston
 the ability to elect accelerated tax depreciation benefits
 beginning in the taxable year that the normalization violation
 is deemed to have occurred. Such treatment if required by the
 IRS, could have a material adverse impact on our results of
 operations, financial condition and cash flows in addition to
 any potential loss resulting from final resolution of the
 True-Up
 Order. However, we and CenterPoint Houston will continue to
 pursue a favorable resolution of this issue through the
 appellate or administrative process. Although the Texas Utility
 Commission has not previously required a company subject to its
 jurisdiction to take action that would result in a normalization
 violation, no prediction can be made as to the ultimate action
 the Texas Utility Commission may take on this issue on remand.

 CenterPoint
 Houston’s receivables are concentrated in a small number of
 REPs, and any delay or default in payment could adversely affect
 CenterPoint Houston’s cash flows, financial condition and
 results of operations.

 CenterPoint Houston’s receivables from the distribution of
 electricity are collected from REPs that supply the electricity
 CenterPoint Houston distributes to their customers. Currently,
 CenterPoint Houston does business with 74 REPs. Adverse economic
 conditions, structural problems in the market served by ERCOT or
 financial difficulties of one or more REPs could impair the
 ability of these retail providers to pay for CenterPoint
 Houston’s services or could cause them to delay such
 payments. CenterPoint Houston depends on these REPs to remit
 payments on a timely basis. Applicable regulatory provisions
 require that customers be shifted to a provider of last resort
 if a retail electric provider cannot make timely payments.
 Applicable Texas Utility Commission regulations limit the extent
 to which CenterPoint Houston can demand security from REPs for
 payment of its delivery charges. RRI, through its subsidiaries,
 is CenterPoint Houston’s largest customer. Approximately
 48% of CenterPoint Houston’s $141 million in billed
 receivables from REPs at December 31, 2007 was owed by
 subsidiaries of RRI. Any delay or default in payment could
 adversely affect CenterPoint Houston’s cash flows,
 financial condition and results of operations.

 23

Table of Contents

 Rate
 regulation of CenterPoint Houston’s business may delay or
 deny CenterPoint Houston’s ability to earn a reasonable
 return and fully recover its costs.

 CenterPoint Houston’s rates are regulated by certain
 municipalities and the Texas Utility Commission based on an
 analysis of its invested capital and its expenses in a test
 year. Thus, the rates that CenterPoint Houston is allowed to
 charge may not match its expenses at any given time. In this
 connection, pursuant to the Settlement Agreement, discussed in
 “Business — Regulation — State and
 Local Regulation — Electric Transmission &
 Distribution — CenterPoint Houston Rate
 Agreement” in Item 1 of this report, until
 June 30, 2010 CenterPoint Houston is limited in its ability
 to request rate relief. The regulatory process by which rates
 are determined may not always result in rates that will produce
 full recovery of CenterPoint Houston’s costs and enable
 CenterPoint Houston to earn a reasonable return on its invested
 capital.

 Disruptions
 at power generation facilities owned by third parties could
 interrupt CenterPoint Houston’s sales of transmission and
 distribution services.

 CenterPoint Houston transmits and distributes to customers of
 REPs electric power that the REPs obtain from power generation
 facilities owned by third parties. CenterPoint Houston does not
 own or operate any power generation facilities. If power
 generation is disrupted or if power generation capacity is
 inadequate, CenterPoint Houston’s sales of transmission and
 distribution services may be diminished or interrupted, and its
 results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be
 adversely affected.

 CenterPoint
 Houston’s revenues and results of operations are
 seasonal.

 A significant portion of CenterPoint Houston’s revenues is
 derived from rates that it collects from each retail electric
 provider based on the amount of electricity it distributes on
 behalf of such retail electric provider. Thus, CenterPoint
 Houston’s revenues and results of operations are subject to
 seasonality, weather conditions and other changes in electricity
 usage, with revenues being higher during the warmer months.

 Risk
 Factors Affecting Our Natural Gas Distribution, Competitive
 Natural Gas Sales and Services, Interstate Pipelines and Field
 Services Businesses

 Rate
 regulation of CERC’s business may delay or deny CERC’s
 ability to earn a reasonable return and fully recover its
 costs.

 CERC’s rates for its Gas Operations are regulated by
 certain municipalities and state commissions, and for its
 interstate pipelines by the FERC, based on an analysis of its
 invested capital and its expenses in a test year. Thus, the
 rates that CERC is allowed to charge may not match its expenses
 at any given time. The regulatory process in which rates are
 determined may not always result in rates that will produce full
 recovery of CERC’s costs and enable CERC to earn a
 reasonable return on its invested capital.

 CERC’s
 businesses must compete with alternative energy sources, which
 could result in CERC marketing less natural gas, and its
 interstate pipelines and field services businesses must compete
 directly with others in the transportation, storage, gathering,
 treating and processing of natural gas, which could lead to
 lower prices, either of which could have an adverse impact on
 CERC’s results of operations, financial condition and cash
 flows.

 CERC competes primarily with alternate energy sources such as
 electricity and other fuel sources. In some areas, intrastate
 pipelines, other natural gas distributors and marketers also
 compete directly with CERC for natural gas sales to end-users.
 In addition, as a result of federal regulatory changes affecting
 interstate pipelines, natural gas marketers operating on these
 pipelines may be able to bypass CERC’s facilities and
 market, sell
 and/or
 transport natural gas directly to commercial and industrial
 customers. Any reduction in the amount of natural gas marketed,
 sold or transported by CERC as a result of competition may have
 an adverse impact on CERC’s results of operations,
 financial condition and cash flows.

 CERC’s two interstate pipelines and its gathering systems
 compete with other interstate and intrastate pipelines and
 gathering systems in the transportation and storage of natural
 gas. The principal elements of

 24

Table of Contents

 competition are rates, terms of service, and flexibility and
 reliability of service. They also compete indirectly with other
 forms of energy, including electricity, coal and fuel oils. The
 primary competitive factor is price. The actions of CERC’s
 competitors could lead to lower prices, which may have an
 adverse impact on CERC’s results of operations, financial
 condition and cash flows.

 CERC’s
 natural gas distribution and competitive natural gas sales and
 services businesses are subject to fluctuations in natural gas
 pricing levels, which could affect the ability of CERC’s
 suppliers and customers to meet their obligations or otherwise
 adversely affect CERC’s liquidity.

 CERC is subject to risk associated with increases in the price
 of natural gas. Increases in natural gas prices might affect
 CERC’s ability to collect balances due from its customers
 and, for Gas Operations, could create the potential for
 uncollectible accounts expense to exceed the recoverable levels
 built into CERC’s tariff rates. In addition, a sustained
 period of high natural gas prices could apply downward demand
 pressure on natural gas consumption in the areas in which CERC
 operates and increase the risk that CERC’s suppliers or
 customers fail or are unable to meet their obligations.
 Additionally, increasing natural gas prices could create the
 need for CERC to provide collateral in order to purchase natural
 gas.

 If
 CERC were to fail to renegotiate a contract with one of its
 significant pipeline customers or if CERC renegotiates the
 contract on less favorable terms, there could be an adverse
 impact on its operations.

 Since October 31, 2006, CERC’s contract with Laclede,
 one of its pipeline customers, has been terminable upon one
 year’s prior notice. CERC has not received a termination
 notice and is currently negotiating a long-term contract with
 Laclede. If Laclede were to terminate this contract or if CERC
 were to renegotiate this contract at rates substantially lower
 than the rates provided in the current contract, there could be
 an adverse effect on CERC’s results of operations,
 financial condition and cash flows.

 A
 decline in CERC’s credit rating could result in CERC’s
 having to provide collateral in order to purchase
 gas.

 If CERC’s credit rating were to decline, it might be
 required to post cash collateral in order to purchase natural
 gas. If a credit rating downgrade and the resultant cash
 collateral requirement were to occur at a time when CERC was
 experiencing significant working capital requirements or
 otherwise lacked liquidity, CERC might be unable to obtain the
 necessary natural gas to meet its obligations to customers, and
 its results of operations, financial condition and cash flows
 would be adversely affected.

 The
 revenues and results of operations of CERC’s interstate
 pipelines and field services businesses are subject to
 fluctuations in the supply of natural gas.

 CERC’s interstate pipelines and field services businesses
 largely rely on natural gas sourced in the various supply basins
 located in the Mid-continent region of the United States. To the
 extent the availability of this supply is substantially reduced,
 it could have an adverse effect on CERC’s results of
 operations, financial condition and cash flows.

 CERC’s
 revenues and results of operations are seasonal.

 A substantial portion of CERC’s revenues is derived from
 natural gas sales and transportation. Thus, CERC’s revenues
 and results of operations are subject to seasonality, weather
 conditions and other changes in natural gas usage, with revenues
 being higher during the winter months.

 The
 actual cost of pipelines under construction and related
 compression facilities may be significantly higher than
 CERC’s current estimates.

 Subsidiaries of CERC Corp. are involved in significant pipeline
 construction projects. The construction of new pipelines and
 related compression facilities requires the expenditure of
 significant amounts of capital, which may exceed CERC’s
 estimates. These projects may not be completed at the budgeted
 cost, on schedule or at all. The construction of new pipeline or
 compression facilities is subject to construction cost overruns
 due to labor costs,

 25

Table of Contents

 costs of equipment and materials such as steel and nickel, labor
 shortages or delays, weather delays, inflation or other factors,
 which could be material. In addition, the construction of these
 facilities is typically subject to the receipt of approvals and
 permits from various regulatory agencies. Those agencies may not
 approve the projects in a timely manner or may impose
 restrictions or conditions on the projects that could
 potentially prevent a project from proceeding, lengthen its
 expected completion schedule
 and/or
 increase its anticipated cost. As a result, there is the risk
 that the new facilities may not be able to achieve CERC’s
 expected investment return, which could adversely affect
 CERC’s financial condition, results of operations or cash
 flows.

 The
 states in which CERC provides regulated local gas distribution
 may, either through legislation or rules, adopt restrictions
 similar to or broader than those under the Public Utility
 Holding Company Act of 1935 regarding organization, financing
 and affiliate transactions that could have significant adverse
 impacts on CERC’s ability to operate.

 The Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, to which the
 Company was subject prior to its repeal in the Energy Act,
 provided a comprehensive regulatory structure governing the
 organization, capital structure, intracompany relationships and
 lines of business that could be pursued by registered holding
 companies and their member companies. Following repeal of that
 Act, some states in which CERC does business have sought to
 expand their own regulatory frameworks to give their regulatory
 authorities increased jurisdiction and scrutiny over similar
 aspects of the utilities that operate in their states. Some of
 these frameworks attempt to regulate financing activities,
 acquisitions and divestitures, and arrangements between the
 utilities and their affiliates, and to restrict the level of
 non-utility businesses that can be conducted within the holding
 company structure. Additionally they may impose record keeping,
 record access, employee training and reporting requirements
 related to affiliate transactions and reporting in the event of
 certain downgrading of the utility’s bond rating.

 These regulatory frameworks could have adverse effects on
 CERC’s ability to operate its utility operations, to
 finance its business and to provide cost-effective utility
 service. In addition, if more than one state adopts restrictions
 over similar activities, it may be difficult for CERC and us to
 comply with competing regulatory requirements.

 Risk
 Factors Associated with Our Consolidated Financial
 Condition

 If we
 are unable to arrange future financings on acceptable terms, our
 ability to refinance existing indebtedness could be
 limited.

 As of December 31, 2007, we had $9.7 billion of
 outstanding indebtedness on a consolidated basis, which includes
 $2.3 billion of non-recourse transition bonds. As of
 December 31, 2007, approximately $842 million
 principal amount of this debt is required to be paid through
 2010. This amount excludes principal repayments of approximately
 $525 million on transition bonds, for which a dedicated
 revenue stream exists. In addition, as of December 31,
 2007, we had $535 million of outstanding 3.75% convertible
 notes on which holders could exercise their conversion rights
 during the first quarter of 2008 and in subsequent quarters in
 which our common stock price causes such notes to be
 convertible. In January and February 2008, holders of our 3.75%
 convertible senior notes converted approximately
 $123 million principal amount of such notes. In February
 2008, we issued approximately $488 million of additional
 non-recourse transition bonds. Our future financing activities
 may depend, at least in part, on:

 • 

 the resolution of the
 true-up
 components, including, in particular, the results of appeals to
 the courts regarding rulings obtained to date;

 • 

 general economic and capital market conditions;

 • 

 credit availability from financial institutions and other
 lenders;

 • 

 investor confidence in us and the markets in which we operate;

 • 

 maintenance of acceptable credit ratings;

 • 

 market expectations regarding our future earnings and cash flows;

 26

Table of Contents

 • 

 market perceptions of our ability to access capital markets on
 reasonable terms;

 • 

 our exposure to RRI in connection with its indemnification
 obligations arising in connection with its separation from
 us; and

 • 

 provisions of relevant tax and securities laws.

 As of December 31, 2007, CenterPoint Houston had
 outstanding $2.0 billion aggregate principal amount of
 general mortgage bonds, including approximately
 $527 million held in trust to secure pollution control
 bonds for which we are obligated and approximately
 $229 million held in trust to secure pollution control
 bonds for which CenterPoint Houston is obligated. Additionally,
 CenterPoint Houston had outstanding approximately
 $253 million aggregate principal amount of first mortgage
 bonds, including approximately $151 million held in trust
 to secure certain pollution control bonds for which we are
 obligated. CenterPoint Houston may issue additional general
 mortgage bonds on the basis of retired bonds, 70% of property
 additions or cash deposited with the trustee. Approximately
 $2.3 billion of additional first mortgage bonds and general
 mortgage bonds in the aggregate could be issued on the basis of
 retired bonds and 70% of property additions as of
 December 31, 2007. However, CenterPoint Houston has
 contractually agreed that it will not issue additional first
 mortgage bonds, subject to certain exceptions.

 Our current credit ratings are discussed in
 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and
 Capital Resources — Future Sources and Uses of
 Cash — Impact on Liquidity of a Downgrade in Credit
 Ratings” in Item 7 of this report. These credit
 ratings may not remain in effect for any given period of time
 and one or more of these ratings may be lowered or withdrawn
 entirely by a rating agency. We note that these credit ratings
 are not recommendations to buy, sell or hold our securities.
 Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other
 rating. Any future reduction or withdrawal of one or more of our
 credit ratings could have a material adverse impact on our
 ability to access capital on acceptable terms.

 As a
 holding company with no operations of our own, we will depend on
 distributions from our subsidiaries to meet our payment
 obligations, and provisions of applicable law or contractual
 restrictions could limit the amount of those
 distributions.

 We derive all our operating income from, and hold all our assets
 through, our subsidiaries. As a result, we will depend on
 distributions from our subsidiaries in order to meet our payment
 obligations. In general, these subsidiaries are separate and
 distinct legal entities and have no obligation to provide us
 with funds for our payment obligations, whether by dividends,
 distributions, loans or otherwise. In addition, provisions of
 applicable law, such as those limiting the legal sources of
 dividends, limit our subsidiaries’ ability to make payments
 or other distributions to us, and our subsidiaries could agree
 to contractual restrictions on their ability to make
 distributions.

 Our right to receive any assets of any subsidiary, and therefore
 the right of our creditors to participate in those assets, will
 be effectively subordinated to the claims of that
 subsidiary’s creditors, including trade creditors. In
 addition, even if we were a creditor of any subsidiary, our
 rights as a creditor would be subordinated to any security
 interest in the assets of that subsidiary and any indebtedness
 of the subsidiary senior to that held by us.

 The
 use of derivative contracts by us and our subsidiaries in the
 normal course of business could result in financial losses that
 could negatively impact our results of operations and those of
 our subsidiaries.

 We and our subsidiaries use derivative instruments, such as
 swaps, options, futures and forwards, to manage our commodity,
 weather and financial market risks. We and our subsidiaries
 could recognize financial losses as a result of volatility in
 the market values of these contracts, or should a counterparty
 fail to perform. In the absence of actively quoted market prices
 and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of
 these financial instruments can involve management’s
 judgment or use of estimates. As a result, changes in the
 underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods
 could affect the reported fair value of these contracts.

 27

Table of Contents

 Risks
 Common to Our Businesses and Other Risks

 We are
 subject to operational and financial risks and liabilities
 arising from environmental laws and regulations.

 Our operations are subject to stringent and complex laws and
 regulations pertaining to health, safety and the environment, as
 discussed in “Business — Environmental
 Matters” in Item 1 of this report. As an owner or
 operator of natural gas pipelines and distribution systems, gas
 gathering and processing systems, and electric transmission and
 distribution systems, we must comply with these laws and
 regulations at the federal, state and local levels. These laws
 and regulations can restrict or impact our business activities
 in many ways, such as:

 • 

 restricting the way we can handle or dispose of wastes;

 • 

 limiting or prohibiting construction activities in sensitive
 areas such as wetlands, coastal regions, or areas inhabited by
 endangered species;

 • 

 requiring remedial action to mitigate pollution conditions
 caused by our operations, or attributable to former
 operations; and

 • 

 enjoining the operations of facilities deemed in non-compliance
 with permits issued pursuant to such environmental laws and
 regulations.

 In order to comply with these requirements, we may need to spend
 substantial amounts and devote other resources from time to time
 to:

 • 

 construct or acquire new equipment;

 • 

 acquire permits for facility operations;

 • 

 modify or replace existing and proposed equipment; and

 • 

 clean up or decommission waste disposal areas, fuel storage and
 management facilities and other locations and facilities.

 Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may trigger a
 variety of administrative, civil and criminal enforcement
 measures, including the assessment of monetary penalties, the
 imposition of remedial actions, and the issuance of orders
 enjoining future operations. Certain environmental statutes
 impose strict, joint and several liability for costs required to
 clean up and restore sites where hazardous substances have been
 disposed or otherwise released. Moreover, it is not uncommon for
 neighboring landowners and other third parties to file claims
 for personal injury and property damage allegedly caused by the
 release of hazardous substances or other waste products into the
 environment.

 Our
 insurance coverage may not be sufficient. Insufficient insurance
 coverage and increased insurance costs could adversely impact
 our results of operations, financial condition and cash
 flows.

 We currently have general liability and property insurance in
 place to cover certain of our facilities in amounts that we
 consider appropriate. Such policies are subject to certain
 limits and deductibles and do not include business interruption
 coverage. Insurance coverage may not be available in the future
 at current costs or on commercially reasonable terms, and the
 insurance proceeds received for any loss of, or any damage to,
 any of our facilities may not be sufficient to restore the loss
 or damage without negative impact on our results of operations,
 financial condition and cash flows.

 In common with other companies in its line of business that
 serve coastal regions, CenterPoint Houston does not have
 insurance covering its transmission and distribution system
 because CenterPoint Houston believes it to be cost prohibitive.
 If CenterPoint Houston were to sustain any loss of, or damage
 to, its transmission and distribution properties, it may not be
 able to recover such loss or damage through a change in its
 regulated rates, and any such recovery may not be timely
 granted. Therefore, CenterPoint Houston may not be able to
 restore any loss of, or damage to, any of its transmission and
 distribution properties without negative impact on its results
 of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

 28

Table of Contents

 We,
 CenterPoint Houston and CERC could incur liabilities associated
 with businesses and assets that we have transferred to
 others.

 Under some circumstances, we, CenterPoint Houston and CERC could
 incur liabilities associated with assets and businesses we,
 CenterPoint Houston and CERC no longer own. These assets and
 businesses were previously owned by Reliant Energy, a
 predecessor of CenterPoint Houston, directly or through
 subsidiaries and include:

 • 

 those transferred to RRI or its subsidiaries in connection with
 the organization and capitalization of RRI prior to its initial
 public offering in 2001; and

 • 

 those transferred to Texas Genco in connection with its
 organization and capitalization.

 In connection with the organization and capitalization of RRI,
 RRI and its subsidiaries assumed liabilities associated with
 various assets and businesses Reliant Energy transferred to
 them. RRI also agreed to indemnify, and cause the applicable
 transferee subsidiaries to indemnify, us and our subsidiaries,
 including CenterPoint Houston and CERC, with respect to
 liabilities associated with the transferred assets and
 businesses. These indemnity provisions were intended to place
 sole financial responsibility on RRI and its subsidiaries for
 all liabilities associated with the current and historical
 businesses and operations of RRI, regardless of the time those
 liabilities arose. If RRI were unable to satisfy a liability
 that has been so assumed in circumstances in which Reliant
 Energy and its subsidiaries were not released from the liability
 in connection with the transfer, we, CenterPoint Houston or CERC
 could be responsible for satisfying the liability.

 Prior to the distribution of our ownership in RRI to our
 shareholders, CERC had guaranteed certain contractual
 obligations of what became RRI’s trading subsidiary. Under
 the terms of the separation agreement between the companies, RRI
 agreed to extinguish all such guaranty obligations prior to
 separation, but at the time of separation in September 2002, RRI
 had been unable to extinguish all obligations. To secure CERC
 against obligations under the remaining guaranties, RRI agreed
 to provide cash or letters of credit for the benefit of CERC,
 and undertook to use commercially reasonable efforts to
 extinguish the remaining guaranties. In February 2007, we and
 CERC made a formal demand on RRI in connection with one of the
 two remaining guaranties under procedures provided by the Master
 Separation Agreement, dated December 31, 2000, between
 Reliant Energy and RRI. That demand sought to resolve a
 disagreement with RRI over the amount of security RRI is
 obligated to provide with respect to this guaranty. In December
 2007, we, CERC and RRI amended the agreement relating to the
 security to be provided by RRI for these guaranties, pursuant to
 which CERC released the $29.3 million in letters of credit
 RRI had provided as security, and RRI agreed to provide cash or
 new letters of credit to secure CERC against exposure under the
 remaining guaranties as calculated under the new agreement if
 and to the extent changes in market conditions exposed CERC to a
 risk of loss on those guaranties.

 The remaining exposure to CERC under the guaranties relates to
 payment of demand charges related to transportation contracts.
 The present value of the demand charges under those
 transportation contracts, which will be effective until 2018,
 was approximately $135 million as of December 31,
 2007. RRI continues to meet its obligations under the contracts,
 and we believe current market conditions make those contracts
 valuable in the near term and that additional security is not
 needed at this time. However, changes in market conditions could
 affect the value of those contracts. If RRI should fail to
 perform its obligations under the contracts or if RRI should
 fail to provide security in the event market conditions change
 adversely, our exposure to the counterparty under the guaranty
 could exceed the security provided by RRI.

 RRI’s unsecured debt ratings are currently below investment
 grade. If RRI were unable to meet its obligations, it would need
 to consider, among various options, restructuring under the
 bankruptcy laws, in which event RRI might not honor its
 indemnification obligations and claims by RRI’s creditors
 might be made against us as its former owner.

 Reliant Energy and RRI are named as defendants in a number of
 lawsuits arising out of energy sales in California and other
 markets and financial reporting matters. Although these matters
 relate to the business and operations of RRI, claims against
 Reliant Energy have been made on grounds that include the effect
 of RRI’s financial results on Reliant Energy’s
 historical financial statements and liability of Reliant Energy
 as a controlling shareholder of RRI. We or CenterPoint Houston
 could incur liability if claims in one or more of these lawsuits
 were

 29

Table of Contents

 successfully asserted against us or CenterPoint Houston and
 indemnification from RRI were determined to be unavailable or if
 RRI were unable to satisfy indemnification obligations owed with
 respect to those claims.

 In connection with the organization and capitalization of Texas
 Genco, Texas Genco assumed liabilities associated with the
 electric generation assets Reliant Energy transferred to it.
 Texas Genco also agreed to indemnify, and cause the applicable
 transferee subsidiaries to indemnify, us and our subsidiaries,
 including CenterPoint Houston, with respect to liabilities
 associated with the transferred assets and businesses. In many
 cases the liabilities assumed were obligations of CenterPoint
 Houston and CenterPoint Houston was not released by third
 parties from these liabilities. The indemnity provisions were
 intended generally to place sole financial responsibility on
 Texas Genco and its subsidiaries for all liabilities associated
 with the current and historical businesses and operations of
 Texas Genco, regardless of the time those liabilities arose. In
 connection with the sale of Texas Genco’s fossil generation
 assets (coal, lignite and gas-fired plants) to Texas Genco LLC,
 the separation agreement we entered into with Texas Genco in
 connection with the organization and capitalization of Texas
 Genco was amended to provide that all of Texas Genco’s
 rights and obligations under the separation agreement relating
 to its fossil generation assets, including Texas Genco’s
 obligation to indemnify us with respect to liabilities
 associated with the fossil generation assets and related
 business, were assigned to and assumed by Texas Genco LLC. In
 addition, under the amended separation agreement, Texas Genco is
 no longer liable for, and we have assumed and agreed to
 indemnify Texas Genco LLC against, liabilities that Texas Genco
 originally assumed in connection with its organization to the
 extent, and only to the extent, that such liabilities are
 covered by certain insurance policies or other similar
 agreements held by us. If Texas Genco or Texas Genco LLC were
 unable to satisfy a liability that had been so assumed or
 indemnified against, and provided Reliant Energy had not been
 released from the liability in connection with the transfer,
 CenterPoint Houston could be responsible for satisfying the
 liability.

 We or our subsidiaries have been named, along with numerous
 others, as a defendant in lawsuits filed by a large number of
 individuals who claim injury due to exposure to asbestos. Most
 claimants in such litigation have been workers who participated
 in construction of various industrial facilities, including
 power plants. Some of the claimants have worked at locations we
 own, but most existing claims relate to facilities previously
 owned by our subsidiaries but currently owned by Texas Genco
 LLC, which is now known as NRG Texas LP. We anticipate that
 additional claims like those received may be asserted in the
 future. Under the terms of the arrangements regarding separation
 of the generating business from us and its sale to Texas Genco
 LLC, ultimate financial responsibility for uninsured losses from
 claims relating to the generating business has been assumed by
 Texas Genco LLC and its successor, but we have agreed to
 continue to defend such claims to the extent they are covered by
 insurance maintained by us, subject to reimbursement of the
 costs of such defense by Texas Genco LLC.