. 

Investment in our securities is subject to various risks, including risks and uncertainties inherent in our business. The following sets forth factors
related to our business, operations, financial position or future financial performance or cash flows which could cause an investment in our securities to decline and result in a loss. 

A significant extended decline in the prices CONSOL Energy receives for our coal and gas could adversely affect our
operating results and cash flows. 

CONSOL
Energy’s results of operations are highly dependent upon the prices we receive for our coal, which are closely linked to consumption patterns of the electric generation industry and certain industrial and residential patterns where gas is the
principal fuel. Extended or substantial price declines for coal would adversely affect our operating results for future periods and our ability to generate cash flows necessary to improve productivity and expand operations. Prices of coal may
fluctuate due to factors beyond our control such as overall domestic and global economic conditions; the consumption pattern of industrial consumers, electricity generators and residential users; technological advances affecting energy consumption;
domestic and foreign government regulations; price and availability of alternative fuels; price of foreign imports and weather conditions. Any adverse change in these factors could result in weaker demand and possibly lower prices for our
production, which would reduce our revenues. 

Natural gas
prices are volatile, and even relatively modest drops in prices can significantly affect our financial results and impede growth. Changes in natural gas prices have a significant impact on the value of our reserves and on our cash flow. In the past
we have used hedging transactions to reduce our exposure to market price volatility when we deemed it appropriate. If we choose not to engage in, or reduce our use of hedging arrangements in the future, we may be more adversely affected by changes
in natural gas and oil prices than our competitors who engage in hedging arrangements to a greater extent than we do. Prices for natural gas may fluctuate widely in response to relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for natural gas,
market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control, such as: the domestic and foreign supply of natural gas; the price of foreign imports; overall domestic and global economic conditions; the consumption pattern of
industrial consumers, electricity generators and residential users; weather conditions; technological advances affecting energy consumption; domestic and foreign governmental regulations; proximity and capacity of gas pipelines and other
transportation facilities; and the price and availability of alternative fuels. 

33 

Table of Contents

Many of these factors may be beyond our control. Earlier in this decade, natural gas prices were lower than they are today. Lower natural gas prices may not
only decrease our revenues on a per unit basis, but may also limit our access to capital. A significant decrease in price levels for an extended period would negatively affect us in several ways including our cash flow would be reduced, decreasing
funds available for capital expenditures employed to replace reserves or increase production; and access to other sources of capital, such as equity or long-term debt markets, could be severely limited or unavailable. Additionally, lower natural gas
prices may reduce the amount of natural gas that we can produce economically. This may result in our having to make substantial downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves. If this occurs or if our estimates of development costs increase,
production data factors change or our exploration results deteriorate, accounting rules may require us to write down, as a non-cash charge to earnings, the carrying value of our natural gas properties. We are required to perform impairment tests on
our assets whenever events or changes in circumstances lead to a reduction of the estimated useful life or estimated future cash flows that would indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable or whenever management’s plans change
with respect to those assets. We may incur impairment charges in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period taken. 

If customers do not extend existing contracts or do not enter into new long-term contracts for coal, profitability of CONSOL
Energy’s operations could be affected. 

During
the year ended December 31, 2007, approximately 90% of the coal CONSOL Energy produced was sold under long-term contracts (contracts with terms of one year or more). If a substantial portion of CONSOL Energy’s long-term contracts are
modified or terminated or if force majeure is exercised, CONSOL Energy would be adversely affected if we are unable to replace the contracts or if new contracts were not at the same level of profitability. The profitability of our long-term coal
supply contracts depends on a variety of factors, which vary from contract to contract and fluctuate during the contract term, including our production costs and other factors. Price changes, if any, provided in long-term supply contracts may not
reflect our cost increases, and therefore, increases in our costs may reduce our profit margins. In addition, in periods of declining market prices, provisions for adjustment or renegotiation of prices and other provisions may increase our exposure
to short-term coal price volatility. As a result, CONSOL Energy may not be able to obtain long-term agreements at favorable prices (compared to either market conditions, as they may change from time to time, or our cost structure) and long-term
contracts may not contribute to our profitability. 

The
loss of, or significant reduction in, purchases by our largest customers could adversely affect our revenues. 

For the year ended December 31, 2007, we derived over 25% of our total revenues from sales to our four largest coal customers. At December 31,
2007, we had approximately 16 coal supply agreements with these customers that expire at various times from 2008 to 2021. We are currently discussing the extension of existing agreements or entering into new long-term agreements with some of these
customers, but these negotiations may not be successful and these customers may not continue to purchase coal from us under long-term coal supply agreements. If any one of these four customers were to significantly reduce their purchases of coal
from us, or if we were unable to sell coal to them on terms as favorable to us as the terms under our current agreements, our financial condition and results of operations could suffer materially. 

Our ability to collect payments from our customers could be impaired if
their creditworthiness declines. 

Our ability to
receive payment for coal sold and delivered depends on the continued creditworthiness of our customers. Our customer base has changed with deregulation as some utilities sold their power plants to their non-regulated affiliates or third parties.
These new power plant owners may have credit ratings that are below investment grade. If the creditworthiness of our customers declines significantly, our $165 million accounts receivable securitization program and our business could be adversely
affected. 

34 

Table of Contents

Disruption of rail, barge, overland conveyor and other systems that deliver CONSOL Energy’s
coal or an increase in transportation costs could make CONSOL Energy’s coal less competitive. 

Coal producers depend upon rail, barge, trucking, overland conveyor and other systems to provide access to markets. Disruption of transportation services
because of weather-related problems, strikes, lock-outs, break-downs of locks and dams or other events could temporarily impair our ability to supply coal to customers and adversely affect our profitability. Transportation costs represent a
significant portion of the delivered cost of coal and, as a result, the cost of delivery is a critical factor in a customer’s purchasing decision. Increases in transportation costs could make our coal less competitive. 

Competition within the coal and gas industries may adversely affect our
ability to sell our products, or a loss of our competitive position because of overcapacity in these industries could adversely affect pricing which could impair our profitability. 

CONSOL Energy competes with coal producers in various regions of the United
States and with some foreign coal producers for domestic sales primarily to power generators. CONSOL Energy also competes with both domestic and foreign coal producers for sales in international markets. Demand for our coal by our principal
customers is affected by the delivered price of competing coals, other fuel supplies and alternative generating sources, including nuclear, natural gas, oil and renewable energy sources, such as hydroelectric power. CONSOL Energy sells coal to
foreign electricity generators and to the more specialized metallurgical coal market, both of which are significantly affected by international demand and competition. 

Recent increases in coal prices could encourage the development of expanded capacity by new or existing coal producers. Any resulting
overcapacity could affect our ability to sell coal or reduce coal prices and therefore reduce our revenues. 

The gas industry is intensely competitive with companies from various regions of the United States and we may compete with foreign companies for domestic
sales, many of whom are larger and have greater financial, technological, human and other resources. If we are unable to compete, our operating results and financial position may be adversely affected. For example, one of our competitive strengths
is being a low-cost producer of gas. If our competitors can produce gas at a lower cost than us, it would effectively eliminate our competitive strength in that area. In addition, larger companies may be able to pay more to acquire new gas