. 

Investment in our securities is subject to various risks, including risks and uncertainties inherent in our business. The following sets forth factors
related to our business, operations, financial position or future financial performance or cash flows which could cause an investment in our securities to decline and result in a loss. 

A significant extended decline in the prices CONSOL Energy receives for our coal and gas could adversely affect our
operating results and cash flows. 

CONSOL
Energy’s results of operations are highly dependent upon the prices we receive for our coal, which are closely linked to consumption patterns of the electric generation industry and certain industrial and residential patterns where gas is the
principal fuel. Extended or substantial price declines for coal would adversely affect our operating results for future periods and our ability to generate cash flows necessary to improve productivity and expand operations. Prices of coal may
fluctuate due to factors beyond our control such as overall domestic and global economic conditions; the consumption pattern of industrial consumers, electricity generators and residential users; technological advances affecting energy consumption;
domestic and foreign government regulations; price and availability of alternative fuels; price of foreign imports and weather conditions. Any adverse change in these factors could result in weaker demand and possibly lower prices for our
production, which would reduce our revenues. 

Natural gas
prices are volatile, and a decline in natural gas prices would significantly affect our financial results. Our revenue, profitability and cash flow depend upon the prices and demand for natural gas. The markets for these commodities are very
volatile and even relatively modest drops in prices can significantly affect our financial results and impede our growth. Changes in natural gas prices have a significant impact on the value of our reserves and on our cash flow. In the past we have
used hedging transactions to reduce our exposure to market price volatility when we deemed it appropriate. If we choose not to engage in, or reduce our use of, hedging arrangements in the future, we may be more adversely affected by changes in
natural gas prices than our competitors who engage in hedging arrangements to a greater extent than we do. Prices for natural gas may fluctuate widely in response to relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for natural gas, market
uncertainty and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control, such as: the domestic and foreign supply of natural gas; the price of foreign imports; overall domestic and global economic conditions; the consumption pattern of
industrial consumers, electricity generators and residential users; weather conditions; technological advances affecting energy consumption; domestic and foreign governmental regulations; proximity and capacity of gas pipelines and other
transportation facilities; and the price and availability of alternative fuels. Additionally, lower natural gas prices may reduce the amount of natural gas that we can produce economically. This may result in our having to make substantial downward
adjustments to our estimated proved reserves. If this occurs or if our estimates of development costs increase, production data factors change or our exploration results deteriorate, accounting rules may require us to write down, as a non-cash
charge to earnings, the carrying value of our natural gas properties for impairments. We are required to perform impairment tests on our assets whenever events or changes in circumstances lead to a reduction of the estimated useful life or estimated
future cash flows that would indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable or whenever management’s plans change with respect to those assets. We may incur impairment charges in the future, which could have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations in the period taken. 

If
customers do not extend existing contracts or enter into new long-term contracts for coal, profitability of CONSOL Energy’s operations could be affected. 

During the year ended December 31, 2006, approximately 90% of the coal CONSOL Energy produced was sold under long-term
contracts (contracts with terms of one year or more). If a substantial portion of CONSOL Energy’s long-term contracts are modified or terminated or if force majeure is exercised, CONSOL Energy would be adversely affected if we are unable to
replace the contracts or if new contracts were not at the same level of profitability. The profitability of our long-term coal supply contracts depends on a variety of factors, which vary from contract to contract and fluctuate during the contract
term, including our production costs and 

32 

Table of Contents

other factors. Price changes, if any, provided in long-term supply contracts may not reflect our cost increases, and therefore increases in our costs may
reduce our profit margins. In addition, in periods of declining market prices, provisions for adjustment or renegotiation of prices and other provisions may increase our exposure to short-term coal price volatility. As a result, CONSOL Energy may
not be able to obtain long-term agreements at favorable prices (compared to either market conditions, as they may change from time to time, or our cost structure) and long-term contracts may not contribute to our profitability. 

The loss of, or significant reduction in, purchases by our largest
customers could adversely affect our revenues. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2006, we derived over 25% of our total revenues from sales to our four largest coal customers. At December 31, 2006, we had approximately 13 coal supply agreements with these customers that expire at various
times from 2007 to 2019. We are currently discussing the extension of existing agreements or entering into new long-term agreements with some of these customers, but these negotiations may not be successful and these customers may not continue to
purchase coal from us under long-term coal supply agreements. If any one of these four customers were to significantly reduce their purchases of coal from us, or if we were unable to sell coal to them on terms as favorable to us as the terms under
our current agreements, our financial condition and results of operations could suffer materially. 

Our ability to collect payments from our customers could be impaired if their creditworthiness declines. 

Our ability to receive payment for coal sold and delivered depends on the
continued creditworthiness of our customers. Our customer base has changed with deregulation as some utilities sold their power plants to their non-regulated affiliates or third parties. These new power plant owners may have credit ratings that are
below investment grade. If the creditworthiness of our customers declines significantly, our $125 million accounts receivable securitization program and our business could be adversely affected. 

Disruption of rail, barge and other systems that deliver CONSOL
Energy’s coal, or an increase in transportation costs could make CONSOL Energy’s coal less competitive. 

Coal producers depend upon rail, barge, trucking, overland conveyor and other systems to provide access to markets. Disruption of transportation services
because of weather-related problems, strikes, lock-outs, break-downs of locks and dams or other events could temporarily impair our ability to supply coal to customers and adversely affect our profitability. Transportation costs represent a
significant portion of the delivered cost of coal and, as a result, the cost of delivery is a critical factor in a customer’s purchasing decision. Increases in transportation costs could make our coal less competitive. 

Competition within the coal and gas industries may adversely affect our
ability to sell our products, or a loss of our competitive position because of overcapacity in these industries could adversely affect pricing which could impair our profitability. 

CONSOL Energy competes with coal producers in various regions of the United
States and with some foreign coal producers for domestic sales primarily to power generators. CONSOL Energy also competes with both domestic and foreign coal producers for sales in international markets. Demand for our coal by our principal
customers is affected by the delivered price of competing coals, other fuel supplies and alternative generating sources, including nuclear, natural gas, oil and renewable energy sources, such as hydroelectric power. CONSOL Energy sells coal to
foreign electricity generators and to the more specialized metallurgical coal market, both of which are significantly affected by international demand and competition. 

Recent increases in coal prices could encourage the development of expanded capacity by new or existing coal producers. Any
resulting overcapacity could affect our ability to sell coal or reduce coal prices and therefore reduce our revenues. 

33 

Table of Contents

The gas industry is intensely competitive with companies from various regions of the United States and
may compete with foreign companies for domestic sales, many of whom are larger and have greater financial, technological, human and other resources. If we are unable to compete, our operating results and financial position may be adversely affected.
For example, one of our competitive strengths is being a low-cost producer of gas. If our competitors can produce gas at a lower cost than us, it would effectively eliminate our competitive strength in that area. In addition, larger companies may be
able to pay more to acquire new gas properties for future exploration, limiting our ability to replace gas we produce or to grow our production. Our ability to acquire additional properties and to discover new gas resources also depends on our
ability to evaluate and select suitable properties and to consummate these transactions in a highly competitive environment. 

We require a skilled workforce to run our business. If we cannot hire qualified people to meet replacement or expansion needs, we may not be able to
achieve planned results. 

Most of our workforce is
comprised of people with technical skills related to the production of coal and gas. Approximately 55 percent of our workforce is 50 years of age or older. Based on our experience, we expect a high percentage of our employees to retire between now
and the end of the decade. This will require us to conduct an expanded and sustained effort to recruit new employees to replace those who retire and to fill new jobs as we grow our business. Some areas of Appalachia, most notably in eastern
Kentucky, currently have a shortage of skilled labor. Because we have operations in this area, the shortage could make it more difficult to meet our manpower needs and therefore, our results may be adversely affected. Finally, a lack of qualified
people may also affect companies that we use to perform certain specialized work. If these companies cannot find enough qualified workers it may delay projects done for us or increase our costs. 

The characteristics of coal may make it difficult for coal users to
comply with various environmental standards, which are continually under review by international, federal and state agencies, related to coal combustion. As a result, they may switch to other fuels, which would affect the volume of CONSOL
Energy’s sales. 

Coal contains impurities,
including sulfur, mercury, chlorine and other elements or compounds, many of which are released into the air when coal is burned. Stricter environmental regulations of emissions from coal-fired electric generating plants could increase the costs of
using coal thereby reducing demand for coal as a fuel source, the volume of our coal sales and price. Stricter regulations could make coal a less attractive fuel alternative in the planning and building of utility power plants in the future.

For example, in order to meet the federal Clean Air Act limits
for sulfur dioxide emissions from electric power plants, coal users will need to install scrubbers, use sulfur dioxide emission allowances (some of which they may purchase), or switch to other fuels. Each option has limitations. Lower sulfur coal
may be more costly to purchase on an energy basis than higher sulfur coal depending on mining and transportation costs. The cost of installing scrubbers is significant and emission allowances may become more expensive as their availability declines.
Switching to other fuels may require expensive modification of existing plants. Because higher sulfur coal currently accounts for a significant portion of our sales, the extent to which power generators switch to alternative fuel could materially
affect us if we cannot offset the cost of sulfur removal by lowering the delivered costs of our higher sulfur coals on an energy equivalent basis. 

Proposed reductions in emissions of mercury, sulfur dioxides, nitrogen oxides, particulate matter or greenhouse gases may require the installation of
additional costly control technology or the implementation of other measures, including trading of emission allowances and switching to other fuels. For example, in 2005 the Environmental Protection Agency proposed separate regulations to establish
mercury emission limits nationwide and to reduce the interstate transport of fine particulate matter and ozone through reductions in sulfur dioxides and nitrogen oxides throughout the eastern United States. The Environmental Protection Agency
continues to require reduction of nitrogen oxide emissions in a number of eastern states and the District of Columbia and will require reduction of particulate matter emissions over the next several years for areas that do not meet air quality
standards for fine particulates. In addition, Congress and several states may consider legislation to further control 

34 

Table of Contents

air emissions of multiple pollutants from electric generating facilities and other large emitters. Any new or proposed reductions will make it more costly to
operate coal-fired plants and could make coal a less attractive fuel alternative to the planning and building of utility power plants in the future. To the extent that any new or proposed requirements affect our customers, this could adversely
affect our operations and results. 

Also, numerous proposals
have been made at the international, national and state levels that are intended to limit or capture emissions of greenhouse gases, such as carbon dioxide. If comprehensive legislation focusing on greenhouse gas emissions is enacted by the United
States or individual states, it could have the effect of restricting the use of coal. Other efforts to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases also may affect the use of fossil fuels, particularly coal, as an energy source. 

CONSOL Energy may not be able to produce sufficient amounts of coal to
fulfill our customers’ requirements, which could harm our relationships with customers. 

CONSOL Energy may not be able to produce sufficient amounts of coal to meet customer demand, including amounts that we are required to deliver under
long-term contracts. CONSOL Energy’s inability to satisfy contractual obligations could result in our customers initiating claims against us. 

Coal mining is subject to conditions or events beyond CONSOL Energy’s control, which could cause our financial results to deteriorate.

CONSOL Energy’s coal mining operations are
predominantly underground mines. These mines are subject to conditions or events beyond CONSOL Energy’s control that could disrupt operations and affect production and the cost of mining at particular mines for varying lengths of time. These
conditions or events may have a significant impact on our operating results. Conditions or events have included: 

•

 variations in thickness of the layer, or seam, of coal; 

•

 amounts of rock and other natural materials intruding into the coal seam and other geological conditions that could affect the stability of the roof and the side
walls of the mine; 

•

 equipment failures or repairs; 

•

 fires and other accidents; and 

•

 weather conditions. 

Our mining operations consume significant quantities of commodities, the price of which is determined by international markets. If commodity prices
increase significantly or rapidly, it could impact our cost of production. 

Coal mines consume large quantities of commodities such as steel, copper, rubber products and liquid fuels. Some commodities, such as steel, are needed to comply with roof control plans required by regulation. The
prices we pay for these products are strongly impacted by the global commodities market. A rapid or significant increase in cost of some commodities could impact our mining costs because we have limited ability to negotiate lower prices, and, in
some cases, do not have a ready substitute for these commodities. 

CONSOL Energy must obtain for mining and drilling operations, governmental permits and approvals which can be a costly and time consuming process and can result in restrictions on our operations. 

Regulatory authorities exercise considerable discretion in the timing and
scope of permit issuance. Requirements imposed by these authorities may be costly and time consuming and may result in delays in the commencement or continuation of exploration or production operations. For example, CONSOL Energy often is required
to prepare and present to federal, state and local authorities data pertaining to the effect or impact that proposed exploration for or production of coal may have on the environment. Further, the public may comment 

35 

Table of Contents

on and otherwise engage in the permitting process, including through intervention in the courts. Accordingly, the permits CONSOL Energy needs may not be
issued, or if issued, may not be issued in a timely fashion, or may involve requirements which restrict our ability to conduct our mining or gas operations or to do so profitably. 

Government laws, regulations and other legal requirements relating to protection of the environment, health and safety
matters and others that govern our business increase our costs of doing business for both coal and gas, and may restrict our operations. 

We are subject to laws, regulations and other legal requirements enacted or adopted by federal, state and local, as well as foreign authorities relating
to protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including those legal requirements that govern discharges of substances into the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes, the cleanup of
contaminated sites, groundwater quality and availability, plant and wildlife protection, reclamation and restoration of mining or drilling properties after mining or drilling is completed, the installation of various safety equipment in our mines,
control of surface subsidence from underground mining and work practices related to employee health and safety. Complying with these requirements, including the terms of our permits, has had, and will continue to have, a significant effect on our
costs of operations and competitive position. In addition, we could incur substantial costs, including clean up costs, fines and civil or criminal sanctions and third party damage claims for personal injury, property damage, wrongful death, or
exposure to hazardous substances, as a result of violations of or liabilities under environmental and health and safety laws. 

For example, the federal Clean Water Act and corresponding state laws affect coal mining operations by imposing restrictions on discharges into regulated
waters or precluding mining that might impact regulated waters. Permits requiring regular monitoring and compliance with effluent limitations and reporting requirements govern the discharge of pollutants into regulated waters. New requirements under
the Clean Water Act and corresponding state laws could cause us to incur significant additional costs that adversely affect our operating results or may prevent us from being able to mine portions of our reserves. In addition, CONSOL Energy incurs
and will continue to incur significant costs associated with the investigation and remediation of environmental contamination under the federal Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act (Superfund) and similar state
statutes and has been named as a potentially responsible party at Superfund sites in the past. 

Additionally, the gas industry is subject to extensive legislation and regulation, which is under constant review for amendment or expansion. Any changes may affect, among other things, the pricing or marketing of gas
production. State and local authorities regulate various aspects of gas drilling and production activities, including the drilling of wells (through permit and bonding requirements), the spacing of wells, the unitization or pooling of gas