.

Investment in our securities is subject to various risks, including risks and uncertainties inherent in our business. The following sets forth factors related to our business, operations, financial
position or future financial performance or cash flows which could cause an investment in our securities to decline and result in a loss. 

Deterioration in the economic conditions in any of the industries in which our customers operate, or sustained uncertainty in financial markets, may have adverse impacts on our business and
financial condition that we currently cannot predict. 

Economic conditions in a number of industries in which our
customers operate, such as electric power generation and steel making, substantially deteriorated in recent years and reduced the demand for natural gas and coal. Although global industrial activity recovered in 2010 from 2009 levels, the
continuation of the recovery, especially for industries in the United States and Europe, is uncertain. During recent years, financial markets in the United States, Europe and Asia also experienced unprecedented turmoil and upheaval. This was
characterized by extreme volatility and declines in security prices, severely diminished liquidity and credit availability, inability to access capital markets, the bankruptcy, failure, collapse or sale of various financial institutions and an
unprecedented level of intervention from the United States federal government and other governments. Although we cannot predict the impacts, renewed weakness in the economic conditions of any of the industries we serve or in the financial markets
could materially adversely affect our business and financial condition. For example: 

•

 demand for natural gas and electricity in the United States is impacted by industrial production, which if weakened would negatively impact the
revenues, margins and profitability of our natural gas and steam coal business; 

•

 demand for metallurgical coal hinges on steel demand in the United States and globally, which if weakened would negatively impact the revenues, margins
and profitability of our metallurgical coal business; 

•

 the tightening of credit or lack of credit availability to our customers could adversely affect our ability to collect our trade receivables and the
amount of receivables eligible for sale pursuant to our accounts receivable securitization facility may decline; 

•

 our ability to access the capital markets may be restricted at a time when we would like, or need, to raise capital for our business including for
exploration and/or development of our coal or gas reserves; and 

•

 our commodity hedging arrangements could become ineffective if our counterparties are unable to perform their obligations or seek bankruptcy
protection. 

A significant or extended decline in the prices CONSOL Energy receives for our coal and
gas could adversely affect our operating results and cash flows. 

Our financial results are significantly affected by
the prices we receive for our coal and gas. Extended or substantial price declines for coal would adversely affect our operating results for future periods and our ability to generate cash flows necessary to improve productivity and expand
operations. Prices of coal may fluctuate due to factors beyond our control such as overall domestic and global economic conditions; the consumption pattern of industrial consumers, electricity generators and residential users; increased utilization
by the steel industry of electric arc furnaces or pulverized coal processes to make steel which do not use furnace coke, an intermediate 

41 

Table of Contents

product produced from metallurgical coal; technological advances affecting energy consumption; domestic and foreign government regulations; price and availability of alternative fuels; price of
foreign imports; and weather conditions. Any adverse change in these factors could result in weaker demand and possibly lower prices for our coal production, which would reduce our revenues. 

Gas prices are closely linked to supply of natural gas and consumption patterns in the United States of the electric power generation
industry and certain industrial and residential patterns where gas is the principal fuel. Natural gas prices are very volatile, and even relatively modest drops in prices can significantly affect our financial results and impede growth. Changes in
natural gas prices have a significant impact on the value of our reserves and on our cash flow. In the past we have used hedging transactions to reduce our exposure to market price volatility when we deemed it appropriate. If we choose not to engage
in, or reduce our use of hedging arrangements in the future, we may be more adversely affected by changes in natural gas prices than our competitors who engage in hedging arrangements to a greater extent than we do. Prices for natural gas may
fluctuate widely in response to relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for natural gas, market uncertainty and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control, such as: the domestic and foreign supply of natural gas; the
price of foreign imports; overall domestic and global economic conditions; the consumption pattern of industrial consumers, electricity generators and residential users; weather conditions; technological advances affecting energy consumption;
domestic and foreign governmental regulations; proximity and capacity of gas pipelines and other transportation facilities; and the price and availability of alternative fuels. Many of these factors may be beyond our control. In particular, while
demand for natural gas recovered to pre-recession levels, the U.S. natural gas industry continues to face concerns of oversupply due to the success of new shale plays and continued drilling in these plays, despite lower gas prices, to meet drilling
commitments. Lower natural gas prices may not only decrease our revenues on a per unit basis, but may also limit our access to capital. A significant decrease in price levels for an extended period would negatively affect us in several ways. These
include reduced cash flow, which would decrease funds available for capital expenditures employed to replace reserves or increase production. Also, our access to other sources of capital, such as equity or long-term debt markets, could be severely
limited or unavailable. Additionally, lower natural gas prices may reduce the amount of natural gas that we can produce economically. This may result in our having to make substantial downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves. If this
occurs, or if our estimates of development costs increase, production data factors change or our exploration results deteriorate, accounting rules may require us to write down, as a non-cash charge to earnings, the carrying value of our natural gas