This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. We also may make written or oral forward-looking statements in our periodic reports to the Securities and
Exchange Commission on Forms 10-Q and 8-K, in our annual report to shareholders, in our proxy statements, in our offering circulars and prospectuses, in press releases and other written materials and in statements made by our officers, directors or
employees to third parties. 

Statements that are not about historical facts, including statements about our beliefs and expectations, are
forward-looking statements. Forward looking statements include, but are not limited to, information relating to our future earnings per share, growth in managed loans outstanding, product mix, segment growth, tangible common equity, managed revenue
margin, funding costs, operations costs, employment growth, marketing expense, delinquencies and charge-offs. Forward looking statements also include statements using words such as “expect,” “anticipate,” “hope,”
“intend,” “plan,” “believe,” “estimate” or similar expressions as well as conditional verbs such as “will,” “should,” “would” and “could.” We have based these
forward-looking statements on our current plans, estimates and projections, and you should not unduly rely on them. 

Forward-looking
statements are not guarantees of future results or performance. They involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions, including the risks discussed below. Our future performance and actual results may differ materially from those expressed in
forward-looking statements. Many of the factors that will determine these results and values are beyond our ability to control or predict. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date that they are made, and we undertake no obligation to
publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

This section
highlights specific risks that could affect our business. Although we have tried to discuss all material risks, please be aware that other risks may prove to be important in the future. In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this report,
among the other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our forward looking statements are the following: 

The
Current Business Environment, Including a Prolonged Economic Recovery, May Adversely Affect Our Industry, Business, Results Of Operations And Capital Levels 

The recent global recession has resulted in a general tightening in the credit markets, lower levels of liquidity, reduced asset values (including residential and commercial properties), reduced business
profits, increased rates of business and consumer delinquency, and increased rates of unemployment and consumer bankruptcy, some of which have had a negative impact on our results of operation. The absence of recovery, or a recovery that is only
shallow and very gradual, including continued elevated unemployment rates and reduced home prices, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations as customers default on their loans or maintain lower deposit
levels, or in the case of credit card accounts, carry lower balances and reduce credit card purchase activity. 

16 

Table of Contents

In particular, we may face the following risks in connection with these events: 

•

 Market developments may affect consumer confidence levels and may cause declines in credit card usage and adverse changes in payment patterns, causing
increases in delinquencies and default rates, which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. In addition, changes in consumer behavior, including decreased consumer spending and a shift in consumer payment strategies towards
avoiding late fees, over-limit fees, finance charges and other fees, could have an adverse impact on our revenues. 

•

 Continued increases in consumer bankruptcies could cause increases in our charge-off rates, which could have a negative impact on our revenues.

•

 Our ability to recover debt that we have previously charged-off may be limited, which could have a negative impact on our revenues.

•

 The processes we use to estimate inherent losses may no longer be reliable because they rely on complex judgments, including forecasts of economic
conditions, which may no longer be capable of accurate estimation, which could have a negative impact on our business. 

•

 Our ability to assess the creditworthiness of our customers may be impaired if the criteria and/or models we use to underwrite and manage our customers
become less predictive of future losses, which could cause our losses to rise and have a negative impact on our results of operations. 

•

 Our ability to borrow from other financial institutions or to engage in funding transactions on favorable terms or at all could be adversely affected
by further disruptions in the capital markets or other events, including actions by rating agencies and deteriorating investor expectations, which could limit our access to funding. As a result of these market conditions, we have increased our
reliance on deposit funding. This shift results in higher levels of owned loan receivables and related increases in our allowance for loan and lease losses. 

•

 Increased charge-offs, rising LIBOR and other events may cause our securitization transactions to amortize earlier than scheduled, which could
accelerate our need for additional funding. 

•

 An inability to accept or maintain deposits or to obtain other sources of funding could materially affect our liquidity position and our ability to
fund our business. Many other financial institutions are increasing their reliance on deposit funding and, as such, we expect increased competition in the deposit markets. We cannot predict how this increased competition will affect our costs. If we
are required to offer higher interest rates to attract or maintain deposits, our funding costs will be adversely impacted. In addition, our ability to maintain existing or obtain additional deposits may be impacted by factors beyond our control,
including perceptions about our financial strength, which could lead to consumers choosing not to make deposits with us. 

•

 Regulators, rating agencies or investors could change their standards regarding appropriate capital levels for banks in general or our company in
particular. If we are unable to meet any such new standards, it could have negative impacts on our ability to lend, to grow deposits, and on our business results. 

•

 Increased prepayments, refinancings or other factors could lead to a reduction in the value of our mortgage servicing rights, which could have a
negative impact on our financial results. 

Compliance With New And Existing Laws And Regulations May Increase Our Costs,
Reduce Our Revenue, Limit Our Ability To Pursue Business Opportunities, And Increase Compliance Challenges 

There has been increased
legislation and regulation with respect to the financial services industry in the last few years, and we expect that oversight of our business will continue to expand in scope and complexity. A wide array of banking, consumer lending, and deposit
laws apply to almost every aspect of our business. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in financial, structural and operational penalties, including receivership. In addition, establishing systems and processes to achieve
compliance with these laws and regulations may increase our costs and/or limit our ability to pursue certain business opportunities. 

On
January 12, 2010, the Federal Reserve Board released a final rule under Regulation Z (“Truth in Lending”) which incorporates the provisions required to implement the Credit Card Act and the Federal Reserve’s amendments to Truth
in Lending under its December 2008 final rule. These provisions impact credit card’s primarily, but will also impact other open-end loans. The Credit CARD Act will prohibit or limit a number of industry practices such as repricing starting
February 22, 2010. The provisions in the final rule also will require extensive changes to disclosures for solicitations and applications, account opening, periodic statements, changes in terms, and convenience checks by July 1, 2010.
Although the Company has not engaged in many of the practices prohibited by the amendments, the rules could have a material adverse effect on future revenues in our U.S. credit card business and could make the card business generally less resilient
in future economic downturns. In particular, the rules will prohibit an increase in the interest rates applied to existing credit card balances except in limited circumstances. Forthcoming regulations addressing unrepricing requirements and
reasonableness of penalty fees for credit cards also may have further impacts to revenues and costs. Unrepricing requirements could require issuers to reverse all or part of any APR price increases instituted since January 1, 2009. Rules
regarding “reasonable and proportional” penalty fees could limit the amount of such fees. Likewise, several bills pending before Congress could impact credit card pricing and other terms. 

17 

Table of Contents

In June 2009, the Treasury Department released a proposal to reform the financial services industry. This
proposal gives the Federal Reserve Board authority to serve as the nation’s financial services systemic risk regulator, with enhanced scrutiny over financial institutions that are deemed “too big to fail.” The proposal could also
establish a Consumer Financial Protection Agency (the “CFPA”), a new government agency with sole rule writing authority for consumer financial protection statutes. As proposed, the CFPA’s authority would cover all consumer financial
products including any loan, deposit account or other financial product. 

In addition, legislation has been introduced that could enable
merchants to negotiate interchange fees, which are the discounts on the payment due from the card-issuing bank to the merchant bank through the interchange network. If enacted, any subsequent negotiations with merchants could reduce the interchange
fees that the Company is able to collect. The future of these bills is uncertain, but each, or additional legislation, could be introduced or reintroduced in 2010. We face similar risks with respect to our international businesses, where changing
laws and regulations may have an adverse impact on our results. 

Finally, broad bankruptcy legislation that could create incentives for
consumers to choose Chapter 13 bankruptcy as a primary remedy for mortgage related problems was introduced in Congress in 2009. Such legislation, if enacted, could result in an increase in bankruptcy filings, which could lead to increased credit
losses in certain of our lending businesses, such as credit cards and Auto Finance, and could have an overall negative impact on our results of operation. 

Certain laws and regulations, and any interpretations and applications with respect thereto, may benefit consumers, borrowers and depositors, not stockholders. The legislative and regulatory environment
is beyond our control, may change rapidly and unpredictably and may negatively influence our revenue, costs, earnings, growth and capital levels. Our success depends on our ability to maintain compliance with both existing and new laws and
regulations. For a description of the laws and regulations to which we are subject, please refer to Supervision and Regulation in Item 1. 

We May Experience Increased Delinquencies And Credit Losses 

Like other lenders, we face the risk that our customers will not
repay their loans. Rising losses or leading indicators of rising losses (such as higher delinquencies, non-performing loans, or bankruptcy rates; lower collateral values; elevated unemployment rates) may require us to increase our allowance for loan
and lease losses, which may degrade our profitability if we are unable to raise revenue or reduce costs to compensate for higher losses. In particular, we face the following risks in this area: 

•

 Missed Payments. Our customers may miss payments. Loan charge-offs (including from bankruptcies) are generally preceded by missed payments or
other indications of worsening financial condition. Our reported delinquency levels measure these trends. Customers are more likely to miss payments during an economic downturn or prolonged periods of slow economic growth. In addition, we face the
risk that consumer and commercial customer behavior may change (i.e. an increased unwillingness or inability to repay debt), causing a long-term rise in delinquencies and charge-offs. 

•

 Estimates of inherent losses. The credit quality of our portfolio can have a significant impact on our earnings. We allow for and reserve
against credit risks based on our assessment of credit losses inherent in our loan portfolios. This process, which is critical to our financial results and condition, requires complex judgments, including forecasts of economic conditions. We may
underestimate our inherent losses and fail to hold a loan loss allowance sufficient to account for these losses. Incorrect assumptions could lead to material underestimates of inherent losses and inadequate allowance for loan and lease losses. In
addition, our estimate of inherent losses impacts the amount of allowances we build to account for those losses. The increase or release of allowances impacts our current financial results. 

•

 Underwriting. Our ability to assess the credit worthiness of our customers may diminish. If the models and approaches we use to select, manage,
and underwrite our consumer and commercial customers become less predictive of future charge-offs (due, for example, to rapid changes in the economy, including the unemployment rate), our credit losses may increase and our returns may deteriorate.

•

 Business mix. Our business mix could change in ways that could adversely affect credit losses. We participate in a mix of businesses with a
broad range of credit loss characteristics. Consequently, changes in our business mix may change our charge-off rate. 

•

 Charge-off recognition. The rules governing charge-off recognition could change. We record charge-offs according to accounting and regulatory
guidelines and rules. These guidelines and rules, including the FFIEC Account Management Guidance, could require changes in our account management or loss allowance practices and cause our charge-offs to increase for reasons unrelated to the
underlying performance of our portfolio. Such changes could have an adverse impact on our financial condition or results of operation. 

•

 Industry practices. Our charge-off and delinquency rates may be negatively impacted by industry developments, including new regulations
applicable to our industry. 

18 

Table of Contents

•

 Collateral. Collateral, when we have it, could be insufficient to compensate us for loan losses. When customers default on their loans and we
have collateral, we attempt to seize it. However, the value of the collateral may not be sufficient to compensate us for the amount of the unpaid loan and we may be unsuccessful in recovering the remaining balance from our customers. Particularly
with respect to our commercial lending and mortgage activities, decreases in real estate values could adversely affect the value of property used as collateral for our loans and investments. Thus, the recovery of such property could be insufficient
to compensate us for the value of these loans. 

•

 New York Concentration. Although our lending is geographically diversified, in general, approximately 45% of our commercial loan portfolio is
concentrated in the New York metropolitan area. The regional economic conditions in the New York area affect the demand for our commercial products and services as well as the ability of our customers to repay their commercial loans and the value of
the collateral securing these loans. A prolonged decline in the general economic conditions in the New York region could have a material adverse effect on the performance of our commercial loan portfolio and our results of operations.

We May Experience Increased Losses Associated with Mortgage Repurchases and Indemnification Obligations 

Certain of our subsidiaries, including GreenPoint and CONA, as successor to Chevy Chase Bank, may be required to repurchase mortgage loans that have been
sold to investors in the event there are certain breaches of certain representations and warranties contained within the sales agreements. We may be required to repurchase mortgage loans that we sell to investors in the event that there was improper
underwriting or fraud, or in the event that the loans become delinquent shortly after they are originated. These subsidiaries also may be required to indemnify certain purchasers and others against losses they incur in the event of breaches of
representations and warranties and in various other circumstances, and the amount of such losses could exceed the repurchase amount of the related loans. Consequently, we may be exposed to credit risk associated with sold loans. We have established
a reserve in the consolidated financial statements for potential losses that are considered to be both probable and reasonably estimable related to the mortgage loans sold by our originating subsidiaries. The adequacy of the reserve and the ultimate
amount of losses incurred will depend on, among other things, the actual future mortgage loan performance, the actual level of future repurchase and indemnification requests, the actual success rate of claimants, developments in Company and industry
litigation, actual recoveries on the collateral, and macroeconomic conditions (including unemployment levels and housing prices). Due to uncertainties relating to these factors, we cannot reasonably estimate the total amount of losses that will
actually be incurred as a result of our subsidiaries’ repurchase and indemnification obligations, and there can be no assurance that our reserves will be adequate or that the total amount of losses incurred will not have a material adverse
effect upon the Company’s financial condition or results of operations. For additional information related to the Company’s mortgage loan operations, mortgage loan repurchase and indemnification obligations and related reserves, see
Item 7 “Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations – Valuation of Representation and Warranty Reserve”. 

We may not be able to maintain adequate capital levels, which could have a negative impact on our business results 

As a result of recent economic and market developments, financial institutions may become subject to new and increased capital requirements. While it is not clear what form these requirements might take
or whether they will apply to the Company, it is possible that we could be required to increase our capital buffers more quickly than we can generate additional capital. Thus, such new requirements could have a negative impact on our ability to
lend, to grow deposit balances and/or on our returns. 

Among the proposals under consideration: 

•

 Under the Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act as passed by the House in December 2009, financial holding companies that are deemed to pose
systemic risks would be subject to heightened oversight and scrutiny, including increased risk-based capital requirements and leverage limits under regulations to be promulgated by the Federal Reserve. The legislation also would require the Federal
Reserve to take prompt corrective action with respect to systemically important firms that do not meet minimum capital requirements and authorizes the Federal Reserve to require systemically important firms to maintain a minimum amount of long-term
hybrid debt that would be convertible to equity under certain circumstances. No companion bill for to the Wall Street Reform Act has yet been introduced in the Senate. 

•

 In December 2009, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision released for comment a proposal to strengthen global capital regulations. The key elements
of the proposal include raising the quality, consistency and transparency of the capital base, strengthening the risk coverage of the capital framework, introducing a leverage ratio that is different from the U.S. leverage ratio measures and
promoting the build-up of capital buffers. The U.S. banking agencies are expected to issue a similar version of the proposal later this year. Although any U.S. proposal would apply to banking organizations subject to the Basel II regime to which the
Company is not currently subject, the proposal might also impact the Company and other banking organizations. 

19 

Table of Contents

•

 In January 2010, the OCC and the Federal Reserve announced a final rule regarding capital requirements related to the adoption of ASC 860/SFAS 166 and
ASC 810/SFAS 167. Under the final rule, the Company and its subsidiary banks will be required to hold capital against those risk-weighted assets consolidated as a result of the application of ASC 860/SFAS 166 and ASC 810/SFAS 167.

•

 We maintain a substantial deferred tax asset on our balance sheet, and we include this asset when calculating our regulatory capital levels. However,
for regulatory capital purposes, deferred tax assets that are dependent on future taxable income are limited to the lesser of: (i) the amount of deferred tax assets we expect to realize within one year of the calendar quarter-end date, based on
our projected future taxable income for that year; or (ii) 10% of the amount of our Tier 1 capital. In addition, the Basel Committee’s capital proposal would require a reduction from capital for any deferred tax assets that are dependent
on future earnings. As a result, we may not be able to consider the full value of the deferred tax asset when calculating our regulatory capital levels. 

We Face Risk Related To The Strength Of Our Operational, Technological And Organizational Infrastructure 

Our ability to grow and compete is dependent on our ability to build or acquire the necessary operational, technological and organizational infrastructure. The Company is currently engaged in significant
development projects to complete the systems integration of Chevy Chase Bank and to build a scalable banking infrastructure. Implementation of such infrastructure changes and upgrades may, at least temporarily, cause disruptions to our business,
including, but not limited to, systems interruptions, transaction processing errors, and system conversion delays, all of which could have a negative impact on our Company. 

Similar to other large corporations, we are exposed to operational risk that can manifest itself in many ways, such as errors related to failed or inadequate processes, faulty or disabled computer
systems, fraud by employees or persons outside of the Company and exposure to external events. In addition, we are heavily dependent on the strength and capability of our technology systems which we use to manage our internal financial and other
systems, interface with our customers and develop and implement effective marketing campaigns. Our ability to develop and deliver new products that meet the needs of our existing customers and attract new ones and to run our business in compliance
with applicable laws and regulations depends on the functionality of our operational and technology systems. Any disruptions or failures of our operational and technology systems, including those associated with improvements or modifications to such
systems, could cause us to be unable to market and manage our products and services and to report our financial results in a timely and accurate manner, all of which could have a negative impact on our results of operations. 

In some cases, we outsource the maintenance and development of our operational and technological functionality to third parties. These third parties may
experience errors or disruptions that could adversely impact us and over which we may have limited control. Any increase in the amount of our infrastructure that we outsource to third parties may increase our exposure to these risks. 

We May Fail To Realize All Of The Anticipated Benefits Of Our Mergers And Acquisitions 

Capital One has engaged in merger and acquisition activity over the past several years. If we are not able to achieve the anticipated benefits of such mergers and acquisitions, including cost savings and
other synergies, our business could be negatively affected. In addition, it is possible that the ongoing integration processes could result in the loss of key employees, errors or delays in systems implementation, the disruption of each
company’s ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with clients, customers, depositors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits
of the merger or acquisition. Integration efforts also may divert management attention and resources. These integration matters may have an adverse effect on the Company during any transition period. 

Our recent acquisitions also involve our entry into new businesses and new geographic or other markets which present risks resulting from our relative
inexperience in these new areas and/or these new businesses. These new businesses change the overall character of our consolidated portfolio of businesses and could react differently to economic and other external factors. We face the risk that we
will not be successful in these new businesses and/or in these new markets. 

We Face The Risk Of Fluctuations In Our Expenses And Other
Costs That May Hurt Our Financial Results 

Our expenses and other costs, such as operating, labor and marketing expenses, directly affect
our earnings results. In light of the extremely competitive environment in which we operate, and because the size and scale of many of our competitors provide them with increased operational efficiencies, it is important that we are able to
successfully manage our expenses. Many factors can influence the amount of our expenses, as well as how quickly they may increase. Our on-going investments in infrastructure, which may be necessary to maintain a competitive business, integrate
newly-acquired businesses, and establish scalable operations, may increase our expenses. In addition, as our business develops, changes or expands, additional expenses can arise as a result of a reevaluation of business strategies, management of
outsourced services, asset purchases, structural reorganization, compliance with new laws or regulations or the integration of newly acquired businesses. If we are unable to successfully manage our expenses, our financial results will be negatively
affected. 

20 

Table of Contents

The Soundness of Other Financial Institutions Could Adversely Affect Us 

Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the stability and actions of other financial services institutions.
Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty and other relationships. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, and we routinely execute transactions with counterparties in
the financial services industry, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, and other institutional clients, resulting in a significant credit concentration with respect to the financial services
industry overall. As a result, defaults by, or even rumors or questions about, one or more financial services institutions, or the financial services industry generally, have led to market-wide liquidity problems and could lead to losses or defaults
by us or by other institutions. 

Likewise, adverse developments affecting the overall strength and soundness of our competitors or the
financial services industry as a whole could have a negative impact on perceptions about the strength and soundness of our business even if we are not subject to the same adverse developments. In addition, adverse developments with respect to third
parties with whom we have important relationships also could negatively impact perceptions about us. These perceptions about us could cause our business to be negatively affected and exacerbate the other risks that we face. 

Reputational Risk And Social Factors May Impact Our Results 

Our ability to originate and maintain accounts is highly dependent upon the perceptions of consumer and commercial borrowers and deposit holders and other external perceptions of our business practices
and/or our financial health. Adverse perceptions regarding our reputation in the consumer, commercial and funding markets could lead to difficulties in generating and maintaining accounts as well as in financing them. Particularly, negative
perceptions regarding our reputation could lead to decreases in the levels of deposits that consumer and commercial customers and potential customers choose to maintain with us. 

In addition, a variety of social factors may cause changes in borrowing activity, including credit card use, payment patterns and the rate of defaults by accountholders and borrowers domestically and
internationally. These social factors include changes in consumer confidence levels, the public’s perception regarding consumer debt, including credit card use, and changing attitudes about the stigma of personal bankruptcy. If consumers
develop negative attitudes about incurring debt or if consumption trends continue to decline, our business and financial results will be negatively affected. 

We Face Intense Competition in All of Our Markets 

We operate in a highly competitive
environment, and we expect competitive conditions to continue to intensify. In such a competitive environment, we may lose entire accounts, or may lose account balances, to competing financial institutions, or find it more costly to maintain our
existing customer base. Customer attrition from any or all of our lending products, together with any lowering of interest rates or fees that we might implement to retain customers, could reduce our revenues and therefore our earnings. Similarly,
customer attrition from our deposit products, in addition to an increase in rates and/or services that we may offer to retain those deposits, may increase our expenses and therefore reduce our earnings. We expect that competition will continue to
increase with respect to most of our products. Some of our competitors may be substantially larger than we are, which may give those competitors advantages, including a more diversified product and customer base, the ability to reach out to more
customers and potential customers, operational efficiencies, more versatile technology platforms, broad-based local distribution capabilities, lower-cost funding, and larger existing branch networks. In addition, some of our competitors may not be
subject to the same regulatory requirements or legislative scrutiny to which we are subject, which also could place us at a competitive disadvantage. 

Fluctuations In Market Interest Rates Or The Capital Markets Could Adversely Affect Our Revenue And Expense, The Value Of Assets And Obligations, Our Cost Of Capital Or Our Liquidity 

Like other financial institutions, our business may be sensitive to market interest rate movement and the performance of the financial markets. Changes in
interest rates or in valuations in the debt or equity markets could directly impact us. First, we borrow money from other institutions and depositors, which we use to make loans to customers and invest in debt securities and other earning assets. We
earn interest on these loans and assets and pay interest on the money we borrow from institutions and depositors. Fluctuations in interest rates, including changes in the relationship between short term rates and long term rates and in the
relationship between our funding basis rate and our lending basis rate, may have negative impacts on our net interest income and therefore our earnings. In addition, interest rate fluctuations and competitor responses to those changes may effect the
rate of customer pre-payments for mortgage, auto and other term loans and may affect the balances customers carry on their credit cards. These changes can reduce the overall yield on our earning asset portfolio. Changes in interest rates and
competitor responses to these changes may also impact customer decisions to maintain balances in the deposit accounts they have with us. In addition, changes in valuations in the debt and equity markets could have a negative impact on the assets we
hold in our investment portfolio. Finally, such market changes could also have a negative impact on the valuation of assets for which we provide servicing. 

We assess our interest rate risk by estimating the effect on our earnings under various scenarios that differ based on assumptions about the direction and the magnitude of interest rate changes. We take
risk mitigation actions based on those assessments. We face the risk that changes in interest rates could reduce our net interest income and our earnings in material amounts, especially if actual conditions turn out to be materially different than
those we assumed. 

21 

Table of Contents

See Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations—Interest Rate Risk” for additional information. 

The Company’s Business Could Be Negatively Affected If It Is
Unable To Attract, Retain and Motivate Skilled Senior Leaders 

The Company’s success depends, in large part, on its ability to retain
key senior leaders, and competition for such senior leaders can be intense in most areas of the Company’s business. The executive compensation provisions of the proposed Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and any further
legislation or regulation restricting executive compensation, may limit the types of compensation arrangements that the Company may enter into with its most senior leaders and could have a negative impact on the Company’s ability to attract,
retain and motivate such leaders in support of the Company’s long-term strategy. If we are unable to retain talented senior leadership, our business could be negatively affected. 

Certain Of Our Businesses Are Subject To Increased Litigation Risks 

Our credit card
business is subject to increased litigation as a result of the structure of the credit card industry, and we face risks from the outcomes of such industry litigation. Substantial legal liability against the Company could have a material adverse
financial effect or cause significant reputational harm to us, which could seriously harm our business. For a full description of the litigation risks that we face, see “Note 21 – Commitments, Contingencies and Guarantees”.

We Face Risks From Unpredictable Catastrophic Events 

Despite our substantial business contingency plans, the impact from natural disasters and other catastrophic events, including terrorist attacks, may have a negative effect on our business and
infrastructure, including our information technology systems. The impact of such events and other catastrophes on the overall economy may also adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

We Face Risks From The Use Of Estimates In Our Financial Statements 

Pursuant to United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (“US GAAP”), we are required to use certain assumptions and estimates in preparing our financial statements, including in
determining the fair value of certain assets and liabilities, among other items. If the assumptions or estimates underlying the Company’s financial statements are incorrect, the Company may experience unexpected material losses. For a
discussion of how we use estimates in accordance with US GAAP, see “Note 1 – Significant Accounting Policies.”