Natural gas and oil prices fluctuate widely, and low prices for an extended period would likely have a material adverse impact on our business. 

        Our revenues, operating results, financial condition and ability to borrow funds or obtain additional capital depend substantially on
prevailing prices for natural gas and oil. Lower commodity prices may reduce the amount of natural gas and oil that we can produce economically. Historically, natural gas and oil prices and markets
have been volatile, with prices fluctuating widely, and they are likely to continue to be volatile. Depressed prices in the future would have a negative impact on our future financial results and
could result in an impairment charge. See "Future natural gas and oil price declines may result in write-downs of the carrying amount of our assets, which could materially and adversely affect our
results of operations." Because our reserves are predominantly natural gas, changes in natural gas prices have a more significant impact on our financial results. 

        Prices
for natural gas and oil are subject to wide fluctuations in response to relatively minor changes in the supply of and demand for natural gas and oil, market uncertainty and a
variety of additional factors that are beyond our control. These factors include but are not limited to the following:

•

the levels and location of natural gas and oil supply and demand and expectations regarding supply and demand, including
the potential long-term impact of an abundance of natural gas from shale (such as that produced from our Marcellus Shale properties) on the global natural gas supply; 

•

the level of consumer product demand; 

23

Table of Contents

•

weather conditions; 

•

political conditions or hostilities in natural gas and oil producing regions, including the Middle East, Africa and South
America; 

•

the ability of the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries and other exporting nations to agree to
and maintain oil price and production controls; 

•

the price level of foreign imports; 

•

actions of governmental authorities; 

•

the availability, proximity and capacity of gathering, transportation, processing and/or refining facilities in regional
or localized areas that may affect the realized price for natural gas and oil; 

•

inventory storage levels; 

•

the nature and extent of domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxation, including environmental and climate
change regulation; 

•

the price, availability and acceptance of alternative fuels; 

•

technological advances affecting energy consumption; 

•

speculation by investors in oil and natural gas; 

•

variations between product prices at sales points and applicable index prices; and 

•

overall economic conditions, including the value of the U.S. dollar relative to other major currencies. 

        These
factors and the volatile nature of the energy markets make it impossible to predict with any certainty the future prices of natural gas and crude oil. If natural gas and crude oil
prices decline significantly for a sustained period of time, the lower prices may adversely affect our ability to make planned expenditures, raise additional capital or meet our financial obligations. 

 Drilling natural gas and oil wells is a high-risk activity. 

        Our growth is materially dependent upon the success of our drilling program. Drilling for natural gas and oil involves numerous risks,
including the risk that no commercially productive natural gas or oil reservoirs will be encountered. The cost of drilling, completing and operating wells is substantial and uncertain, and drilling
operations may be curtailed, delayed or cancelled as a result of a variety of factors beyond our control, including:

•

unexpected drilling conditions, pressure or irregularities in formations; 

•

equipment failures or accidents; 

•

adverse weather conditions; 

•

decreases in natural gas and oil prices; 

•

surface access restrictions; 

•

loss of title or other title related issues; 

•

compliance with, or changes in, governmental requirements and regulation; and 

•

costs of shortages or delays in the availability of drilling rigs or crews and the delivery of equipment and materials. 

24

Table of Contents

        Our
future drilling activities may not be successful and, if unsuccessful, such failure will have an adverse effect on our future results of operations and financial condition. Our
overall drilling success rate or our drilling success rate for activity within a particular geographic area may decline. We may be unable to lease or drill identified or budgeted prospects within our
expected time frame, or at all. We may be unable to lease or drill a particular prospect because, in some cases, we identify a prospect or drilling location before seeking an option or lease rights in
the prospect or location. Similarly, our drilling schedule may vary from our capital budget. The final determination with respect to the drilling of any scheduled or budgeted wells will be dependent
on a number of factors, including:

•

the results of exploration efforts and the acquisition, review and analysis of the seismic data; 

•

the availability of sufficient capital resources to us and the other participants for the drilling of the prospects; 

•

the approval of the prospects by other participants after additional data has been compiled; 

•

economic and industry conditions at the time of drilling, including prevailing and anticipated prices for natural gas and
oil and the availability of drilling rigs and crews; 

•

our financial resources and results; and 

•

the availability of leases and permits on reasonable terms for the prospects and any delays in obtaining such permits. 

        These
projects may not be successfully developed and the wells, if drilled, may not encounter reservoirs of commercially productive natural gas or oil. 

 Our proved reserves are estimates. Any material inaccuracies in our reserve estimates or underlying assumptions could cause the quantities and net present value of our
reserves to be overstated or understated. 

        Reserve engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground accumulations of natural gas and oil that cannot be measured in
an exact manner. The process of estimating quantities of proved reserves is complex and inherently imprecise, and the reserve data included in this document are only estimates. The process relies on
interpretations of available geologic, geophysical, engineering and production data. The extent, quality and reliability of this technical data can vary. The process also requires certain economic
assumptions, some of which are mandated by the SEC, such as natural gas and oil prices. Additional assumptions include drilling and operating expenses, capital expenditures, taxes and availability of
funds. Furthermore, different reserve engineers may make different estimates of reserves and cash flows based on the same data. 

        Results
of drilling, testing and production subsequent to the date of an estimate may justify revising the original estimate. Accordingly, initial reserve estimates often vary from the
quantities of natural gas and oil that are ultimately recovered, and such variances may be material. Any significant variance could reduce the estimated quantities and present value of our reserves. 

        You
should not assume that the present value of future net cash flows from our proved reserves is the current market value of our estimated natural gas and oil reserves. In accordance
with SEC requirements, we base the estimated discounted future net cash flows from our proved reserves on the 12-month average crude oil and natural gas index prices, calculated as the unweighted
arithmetic average for the first day of the month price for each month and costs in effect on the date of the estimate, holding the prices and costs constant throughout the life of the properties.
Actual future prices and costs may differ materially from those used in the net present value estimate, and future net present value estimates using then current prices and costs may be significantly
less than the current estimate. In addition, the 10% discount factor we use when calculating discounted future net cash flows for reporting requirements in compliance with the applicable accounting
standards may not be the most 

25

Table of Contents

appropriate
discount factor based on interest rates in effect from time to time and risks associated with us or the oil and gas industry in general. 

 Future natural gas and oil price declines may result in write-downs of the carrying amount of our assets, which could materially and adversely affect our results of
operations. 

        The value of our assets depends on prices of natural gas and crude oil. Declines in these prices as well as increases in development
costs, changes in well performance, delays in asset development or deterioration of drilling results may result in our having to make material downward adjustments to our estimated proved reserves,
and could result in an impairment charge and a corresponding write-down of the carrying amount of our oil and natural gas properties. 

        We
evaluate our oil and gas properties for impairment on a field-by-field basis whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate a property's carrying amount may not be recoverable.
We compare expected undiscounted future cash flows to the net book value of the asset. If the future undiscounted expected cash flows, based on our estimate of future crude natural gas and crude oil
prices, operating costs and anticipated production from proved reserves and risk-adjusted probable and possible reserves, are lower than the net book value of the asset, the capitalized cost is
reduced to fair value. Commodity pricing is estimated by using a combination of assumptions management uses in its budgeting and forecasting process as well as historical and current prices adjusted
for geographical location and quality differentials, as well as other factors that management believes will impact realizable prices. In the event that commodity prices decline further, there could be
a significant revision in the future. 

 Our future performance depends on our ability to find or acquire additional natural gas and oil reserves that are economically recoverable. 

        In general, the production rate of natural gas and oil properties declines as reserves are depleted, with the rate of decline depending
on reservoir characteristics. Unless we successfully replace the reserves that we produce, our reserves will decline, eventually resulting in a decrease in natural gas and oil production and lower
revenues and cash flow from operations. Our future natural gas and oil production is, therefore, highly dependent on our level of success in finding or acquiring additional reserves. We may not be
able to replace reserves through our exploration, development and exploitation activities or by acquiring properties at acceptable costs. Low natural gas and oil prices may further limit the kinds of
reserves that we can develop and produce economically. 

        Our
reserve report estimates that production from our proved developed reserves as of December 31, 2013 will increase at an estimated rate of 0.5% during 2014 and then decline at
estimated rates of 36%, 24% and 18% during 2015, 2016 and 2017, respectively. Future development of proved undeveloped and other reserves currently not classified as proved developed producing will
impact these rates of decline. Because of higher initial decline rates from newly developed reserves, we consider this pattern fairly typical. 

        Exploration,
development and exploitation activities involve numerous risks that may result in, among other things, dry holes, the failure to produce natural gas and oil in commercial
quantities and the inability to fully produce discovered reserves. 

 We have substantial capital requirements, and we may not be able to obtain needed financing on satisfactory terms, if at all. 

        We rely upon access to both our revolving credit facility and longer-term capital markets as sources of liquidity for any capital
requirements not satisfied by cash flow from operations or other sources. Future challenges in the global financial system, including the capital markets, may adversely affect our business and our
financial condition. Our ability to access the capital markets may be restricted at a time when we desire, or need, to raise capital, which could have an impact on our flexibility to react to 

26

Table of Contents

changing
economic and business conditions. Adverse economic and market conditions could adversely affect the collectability of our trade receivables and cause our commodity hedging counterparties to
be unable to perform their obligations or to seek bankruptcy protection. Future challenges in the economy could also lead to reduced demand for natural gas which could have a negative impact on our
revenues. 

 Strategic determinations, including the allocation of capital and other resources to strategic opportunities, are challenging, and our failure to appropriately allocate
capital and resources among our strategic opportunities may adversely affect our financial condition and reduce our growth rate. 

        Our future growth prospects are dependent upon our ability to identify optimal strategies for our business. In developing our business
plan, we considered allocating capital and other resources to various aspects of our businesses including well-development (primarily drilling),
reserve acquisitions, exploratory activity, corporate items and other alternatives. We also considered our likely sources of capital. Notwithstanding the determinations made in the development of our
2014 plan, business opportunities not previously identified periodically come to our attention, including possible acquisitions and dispositions. If we fail to identify optimal business strategies, or
fail to optimize our capital investment and capital raising opportunities and the use of our other resources in furtherance of our business strategies, our financial condition and growth rate may be
adversely affected. Moreover, economic or other circumstances may change from those contemplated by our 2014 plan, and our failure to recognize or respond to those changes may limit our ability to
achieve our objectives. 

 Negative public perception regarding us and/or our industry could have an adverse effect on our operations. 

        Negative public perception regarding us and/or our industry resulting from, among other things, concerns raised by advocacy groups
about hydraulic fracturing, oil spills, and explosions of natural gas transmission lines, may lead to increased regulatory scrutiny, which may, in turn, lead to new state and federal safety and
environmental laws, regulations, guidelines and enforcement interpretations. These actions may cause operational delays or restrictions, increased operating costs, additional regulatory burdens and
increased risk of litigation. Moreover, governmental authorities exercise considerable discretion in the timing and scope of permit issuance and the public may engage in the permitting process,
including through intervention in the courts. Negative public perception could cause the permits we need to conduct our operations to be withheld, delayed, or burdened by requirements that restrict
our ability to profitably conduct our business. 

 Our ability to sell our natural gas and oil production and/or the prices we receive for our production could be materially harmed if we fail to obtain adequate services such
as transportation and processing. 

        The sale of our natural gas and oil production depends on a number of factors beyond our control, including the availability and
capacity of transportation and processing facilities. We deliver our natural gas and oil production primarily through gathering systems and pipelines that we do not own. The lack of available capacity
on these systems and facilities could reduce the price offered for our production or result in the shut-in of producing wells or the delay or discontinuance of development plans for properties.
Third-party systems and facilities may be unavailable due to market conditions or mechanical or other reasons. To the extent these services are unavailable, we would be unable to realize revenue from
wells served by such facilities until suitable arrangements are made to market our production. Our failure to obtain these services on acceptable terms could materially harm our business. 

        For
example, the Marcellus Shale wells we have drilled to date have generally reported very high initial production rates. The amount of natural gas being produced in the area from these
new wells, as well
as natural gas produced from other existing wells, may exceed the capacity of the various gathering and intrastate or interstate transportation pipelines currently available. In such event, this could
result 

27

Table of Contents

in
wells being shut in or awaiting a pipeline connection or capacity and/or natural gas being sold at much lower prices than those quoted on NYMEX or than we currently project, which would adversely
affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

 We are subject to complex laws and regulations, including environmental and safety regulations, which can adversely affect the cost, manner or feasibility of doing business. 

        Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations, including drilling, permitting and safety laws
and regulations and those relating to the generation, storage, handling, emission, transportation and discharge of materials into the environment. These laws and regulations can adversely affect the
cost, manner or feasibility of doing business. Many laws and regulations require permits for the operation of various facilities, and these permits are subject to revocation, modification and renewal.
Governmental authorities have the power to enforce compliance with their regulations, and violations could subject us to fines, injunctions or both. These laws and regulations have increased the costs
of planning, designing, drilling, installing and operating natural gas and oil facilities, and new laws and regulations or revisions or reinterpretations of existing laws and regulations could further
increase these costs. Increased scrutiny of our industry may also occur as a result of EPA's 2011-2016 National Enforcement Initiative, "Assuring Energy Extraction Activities Comply with Environmental
Laws," through which EPA will address incidences of noncompliance from natural gas extraction and production activities that may cause or contribute to significant harm to public health and/or the
environment. In addition, we may be liable for environmental damages caused by previous owners of property we purchase or lease. Risks of substantial costs and liabilities related to environmental
compliance issues are inherent in natural gas and oil operations. For example, we could be required to install expensive pollution control measures or limit or cease activities on lands located within
wilderness, wetlands or other environmentally or politically sensitive areas. Failure to comply with these laws also may result in the suspension or termination of our operations and subject us to
administrative, civil and criminal penalties as well as the imposition of corrective action orders. It is possible that other developments, such as stricter environmental laws and regulations, and
claims for damages to property or persons resulting from natural gas and oil production, would result in substantial costs and liabilities. 

 Acquired properties may not be worth what we pay due to uncertainties in evaluating recoverable reserves and other expected benefits, as well as potential liabilities. 

        Successful property acquisitions require an assessment of a number of factors beyond our control. These factors include estimates of
recoverable reserves, exploration potential, future natural gas and oil prices, operating costs, production taxes and potential environmental and other liabilities. These assessments are complex and
inherently imprecise. Our review of the properties we acquire may not reveal all existing or potential problems. In addition, our review may not allow us to fully assess the potential deficiencies of
the properties. We do not inspect every well, and even when we inspect a well we may not discover structural, subsurface, or environmental problems that may exist or arise. 

        There
may be threatened or contemplated claims against the assets or businesses we acquire related to environmental, title, regulatory, tax, contract, litigation or other matters of
which we are unaware, which could materially and adversely affect our production, revenues and results of operations. We may not be entitled to contractual indemnification for pre-closing liabilities,
including environmental liabilities, and our contractual indemnification may not be effective. At times, we acquire interests in properties on an "as is" basis with limited representations and
warranties and limited remedies for breaches of such representations and warranties. In addition, significant acquisitions can change the nature of our operations and business if the acquired