.

Our business, financial condition, operating results and cash flows can be impacted by a number of
factors, many of which are beyond our control, including but not limited to those set forth below
and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, any one or more of which could cause our results
to vary materially from recent results or from our anticipated future results.

International conflicts and terrorism may adversely affect our business.

International conflicts such as the war in Iraq, political turmoil in the Middle and Far East and
the possibility of future terrorist attacks cause significant uncertainty with respect to U.S. and
other business and financial markets and may adversely affect our business. These international
conflicts also affect the price of oil, which has a significant impact on the financial health of
our air transport and regional customers. Although our Government Systems business may experience
greater demand for its products as a result of increased government defense spending, factors
arising (directly or indirectly) from international conflicts or terrorism which may adversely
affect our business include reduced aircraft build rates, upgrades, maintenance and spending on
discretionary products such as in-flight entertainment, as well as increases in the cost of
property and aviation products insurance and increased restrictions placed on our insurance
policies. The war in Iraq creates the risk that our Government Systems’ customers may need to
reprogram funding from our existing business to pay for war-related activities. Furthermore, we
currently hold only nominal insurance related to the effects of terrorist acts on our assets and
our aircraft products.

We depend to a significant degree on U.S. government contracts, which are subject to unique risks.

In 2007, 36% of our sales were derived from United States government contracts. In addition to
normal business risks, our supply of systems and products to the United States government is
subject to unique risks which are largely beyond our control. These risks include:

•

dependence on Congressional appropriations and administrative allotment of funds;

•

the ability of the U.S. government to terminate, without prior notice, partially
completed government programs and contracts that were previously authorized;

•

changes in governmental procurement legislation and regulations and other policies which
may reflect military and political developments;

•

significant changes in contract scheduling or program structure, which generally result
in delays or reductions in deliveries;

•

intense competition for available United States government business necessitating
increases in time and investment for design and development;

•

difficulty of forecasting costs and schedules when bidding on developmental and highly
sophisticated technical work;

•

changes over the life of United States government contracts, particularly development
contracts, which generally result in adjustments of contract prices; and

•

claims based on United States government work, which may result in fines, the
cancellation or suspension of payments or suspension or debarment proceedings affecting
potential further business with the United States government.

12

Table of Contents

Our business is heavily concentrated in the aviation industry.

          As a provider of products and services to the aviation industry, we are significantly affected
by the overall economic condition of that industry. The aviation industry is historically
cyclical.

          Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely impacted, among
other things, by the following:

•

reductions in demand for aircraft and delayed aircraft delivery schedules;

•

deterioration in the financial condition of some of our existing and potential
customers, as well as airlines currently in bankruptcy;

•

reductions in the need for, or the deferral of, aircraft maintenance and repair
services and spare parts support;

•

retirement of older generation aircraft, resulting in fewer retrofits and less
demand for services for those aircraft; and

•

continued historically high fuel costs.

New airspace management technologies may impact future sales.

The aerospace industry is experiencing a global transition from traditional communications,
navigation, surveillance and air traffic control systems to air traffic management systems
utilizing satellite-based technologies that will allow pilots to fly at desired paths and speeds
selected in real time, while still complying with instrument flight regulations. The transition to
these technologies will require the use of digital communications systems, global positioning
system navigation, satellite surveillance techniques and ground surveillance systems. These
technologies are expected to result in more direct and efficient flight routes, fewer flight delays
and reduced airport congestion. Although we believe that we are well positioned to participate in
this market evolution, our ability to capitalize on the transition to these airspace management
technologies is subject to various risks, including:

•

delays in the development of the necessary satellite and ground infrastructure by U.S.
and foreign governments;

•

delays in adopting national and international regulatory standards;

•

competitors developing better products;

•

failure of our product development investments in communications, navigation and
surveillance products that enable airspace management technologies to coincide with market
evolution to, and demand for, these products; and

•

the ability and desire of customers to invest in products enabling airspace management
technologies.

We derive a significant portion of our revenues from international sales and are subject to the
risks of doing business outside the United States.

In 2007, revenues from products and services exported from the U.S. or manufactured and serviced
abroad were 32% of our total sales. We expect that international sales will continue to account
for a significant portion of our total sales. As a result, we are subject to risks of doing
business internationally, including:

•

laws, regulations and policies of non-U.S. governments relating to investments and
operations, as well as U.S. laws affecting the activities of U.S. companies abroad;

13

Table of Contents

•

changes in regulatory requirements, including imposition of tariffs or embargoes, export
controls and other trade restrictions and antitrust and data privacy requirements;

•

uncertainties and restrictions concerning the availability of funding, credit or
guarantees;

•

import and export licensing requirements and regulations;

•

uncertainties as to local laws and enforcement of contract and intellectual property
rights; and

•

rapid changes in government, economic and political policies, political or civil unrest
or the threat of international boycotts or U.S. anti-boycott legislation.

We have made, and expect to continue to make, strategic acquisitions that involve significant risks
and uncertainties.

We completed five acquisitions in the last three years and we intend to enter into acquisitions in
the future in an effort to enhance shareowner value. Acquisitions involve a certain amount of
risks and uncertainties such as:

•

the difficulty in integrating newly-acquired businesses and operations in an efficient
and cost-effective manner and the risk that we encounter significant unanticipated costs or
other problems associated with integration;

•

the challenges in achieving strategic objectives, cost savings and other benefits
expected from acquisitions;

•

the risk that our markets do not evolve as anticipated and that the technologies
acquired do not prove to be those needed to be successful in those markets;

•

the risk that we assume significant liabilities that exceed the limitations of any
applicable indemnification provisions or the financial resources of any indemnifying
parties;

•

the potential loss of key employees of the acquired businesses; and

•

the risk of diverting the attention of senior management from our existing operations.

We enter into fixed-price contracts that could subject us to losses in the event that we have cost
overruns.

During 2007, approximately 89% of our total sales were from, and a significant portion of our
anticipated future sales will be from, firm, fixed-price contracts. This allows us to benefit from
cost savings, but it carries the burden of potential cost overruns since we assume all of the cost
risk. If our initial estimates are incorrect, we can incur losses on these contracts. These
fixed-price contracts can expose us to potentially large losses because the customer may compel us
to complete a project or, in the event of a termination for default, pay the entire incremental
cost of its replacement by another provider regardless of the size of any cost overruns that occur
over the life of the contract. Because many of these projects involve new technologies and
applications and can last for years, unforeseen events, such as technological difficulties,
fluctuations in the price of raw materials, problems with subcontractors and cost overruns, can
result in the contractual price becoming less favorable or even unprofitable to us over time.
Furthermore, if we do not meet project deadlines or specifications, we may need to renegotiate
contracts on less favorable terms, be forced to pay penalties or liquidated damages or suffer major
losses if the customer exercises its right to terminate. In addition, some of our contracts have
provisions relating to cost controls and audit rights, and if we fail to meet the terms specified
in those contracts we may not realize their full benefits. Our results of operations are dependent
on our ability to maximize our earnings from our contracts. Lower earnings caused by cost overruns
could have an adverse impact on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

Costs of certain employee and retiree benefits may continue to rise.

Over the last few years, we have experienced significant volatility in the costs related to medical
and pension benefits. Although we have taken action seeking to contain this cost volatility,
including making material changes to these plans, there are risks that our costs for these benefits
will increase as a result of:

•

continued increases in medical costs related to current employees due to increased usage
of medical benefits and medical inflation in the United States;

14

Table of Contents

•

the effect declines in the stock and bond markets have on the performance of our pension
plan assets; and

•

potential reductions in the discount rate used to determine the present value of our
benefit obligations.

Tax law changes expected to impact our effective tax rate.

Our effective tax rate has been lower than the statutory tax rate primarily as a result of the tax
benefits derived from the Research and Development Tax Credit (“R&D Tax Credit”), which provides a
tax benefit on certain incremental R&D expenditures, the Extraterritorial Income Exclusion (“ETI”),
which provided through December 31, 2006, a tax benefit on export sales, and the Domestic
Manufacturing Deduction under Section 199 (“Domestic Manufacturing Deduction”), which provides a
tax benefit on U.S. based manufacturing.

The American Jobs Creation Act of 2004 (the “Act”) repealed and replaced the ETI with a new
deduction for income generated from qualified production activities by U.S. manufacturers. The ETI
export tax benefit completely phased out December 31, 2006 and the Domestic Manufacturing Deduction
benefit is being phased in through fiscal 2010. As a result, the Act is expected to have an
adverse impact on our effective tax rate for years 2008 through 2010.

The R&D Tax Credit is set to expire effective December 31, 2007. Assuming the R&D Tax Credit or a
tax benefit equivalent to the R&D Tax Credit is not extended beyond December 31, 2007, a loss of
the R&D Tax Credit would have an adverse impact on our effective tax rate beginning in 2008.

Cautionary Statement

This Annual Report on Form 10-K, and documents that are incorporated by reference in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K, contain statements, including certain projections and business trends, that
are forward-looking statements as defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
Actual results may differ materially from those projected as a result of certain risks and
uncertainties, including but not limited to the potential impacts of geopolitical events; the
financial condition of our customers (including major U.S. airlines); the health of the global
economy; the continued recovery of the commercial aerospace industry and the continued support for
military transformation and modernization programs; delays related to the award of domestic and
international contracts; the potential adverse impact of oil prices on the commercial aerospace
industry; the cost of the global war on terrorism on U.S. government military procurement
expenditures and program budgets; changes in domestic and foreign government spending, budgetary
and trade policies adverse to our businesses; market acceptance of our new and existing
technologies, products and services; reliability of and customer satisfaction with our products and
services; favorable outcomes on or potential cancellation or restructuring of contracts, orders or
program priorities by our customers; recruitment and retention of qualified personnel; customer
bankruptcies; risk of a labor strike in fiscal year 2008 as collective bargaining agreements expire
in May 2008; performance of our suppliers and subcontractors; risks inherent in fixed price
contracts, particularly the risk of cost overruns; risk of significant disruption to air travel;
our ability to execute to our internal performance plans such as our productivity improvement and
cost reduction initiatives; achievement of our acquisition and related integration plans;
continuing to maintain our planned effective tax rates, including the risk that Congress will not
enact research and development tax credit legislation applicable to all of fiscal year 2008; our
ability to develop contract compliant systems and products and satisfy our contractual commitments;
risk of fines and penalties related to noncompliance with export control regulations; risk of asset
impairments; government claims related to our pension plan freeze; our ability to win new business
and convert those orders to sales within the fiscal year in accordance with our annual operating
plan; and the uncertainties of the outcome of litigation, as well as other risks and uncertainties,
including but not limited to those detailed herein and from time to time in our Securities and
Exchange Commission filings. These forward-looking statements are made only as of the date hereof.