Table of Contents

ConocoPhillips 2021 10-K

 20 

 
You should carefully consider the following risk factors
 in addition to the other information
 included in this Annual 

Report on Form 10-K. These risk factors are not
 the only risks we face.
 Our business could also be affected
 by 

additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently consider
 to be immaterial.
 If any 

of these risks or other risks that are yet unknown were to occur,
 our business, operating results and
 financial 

condition, as well as the value of an investment in our common stock could be adversely
 affected. 

Risks Related to Our Industry 
Our operating results, our ability to execute on our strategy and the carrying value of our assets
 are exposed to 

the effects of changing commodity prices. 
The oil and gas business is a commodity business. Our revenues, operating results
 and future rate of growth are 

highly dependent on the prices we receive for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas
 and NGLs.
 Such prices can fluctuate 

widely depending upon global events or conditions that affect supply and demand, most
 of which are out of our 

control. In early 2020 global oil demand decreased precipitously
 alongside global COVID-19 economic shutdowns. 

Although global oil demand and global oil prices improved through 2021, the global economic recovery
 remains 

uncertain. Our industry will continue to be exposed to
 the effects of changing commodity prices
 given the 

volatility in commodity price drivers and the worldwide political and economic environment
 generally,
 as well as 

continued uncertainty caused by armed hostilities in various oil-producing regions
 around the globe. 

Lower crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and NGL prices may have a material adverse
 effect on our revenues, 

operating income, cash flows and liquidity, and
 may also affect the amount of dividends we elect
 to declare and 

pay on our common stock and the amount of shares we elect to acquire as part of the share repurchase
 program 

and the timing of such acquisitions. Lower prices may also limit the amount of reserves we
 can produce 

economically, thus adversely affecting our proved
 reserves and reserve replacement ratio
 and accelerating the 

reduction in our existing reserve levels as we continue production from upstream
 fields. Prolonged depressed 

crude oil prices may affect certain decisions related to our operations,
 including decisions to reduce capital 

investments or curtail operated production. 

Significant reductions in crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and NGL prices could also require us to
 reduce our capital 

expenditures, impair the carrying value of our assets or discontinue the classification of certain
 assets as proved 

reserves. In the past three years, we recognized
 several impairments, which
 are described in 

Note 7

. If commodity 

prices decrease relative to their current levels, and as we continue to optimize
 our investments and exercise 

capital flexibility, it is reasonably likely we could
 incur future impairments to long-lived assets
 used in operations, 

investment in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity
 method and unproved properties.

Although it is not reasonably practicable to quantify the impact of any future impairments
 or estimated change to 

our unit-of-production rates at this time, our results
 of operations could be adversely affected
 as a result. 

Our business has been, and will continue to be, adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic. 

The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures put in place to address it have negatively
 impacted the global economy, 

disrupted global supply chains, reduced global demand for oil and gas and created significant
 volatility and 

disruption of financial and commodity markets. Over the course of the pandemic, public health
 officials have 

recommended or mandated certain precautions to mitigate
 the spread of COVID-19, including limiting non-

essential gatherings of people, ceasing all non-essential travel and issuing “social or
 physical distancing” guidelines, 

“shelter-in-place” orders and mandatory closures or reductions in capacity
 for non-essential businesses.
 Although 

some of these limitations and mandates have been relaxed in certain jurisdictions,
 others have been reinstated
 in 

areas that have experienced a resurgence of COVID-19 cases and there is no guarantee
 restrictions will not be 

reimposed in the future. Despite the increased availability
 of vaccines in certain jurisdictions, the COVID
 -19 

pandemic may continue or worsen during the upcoming months, including as a result of the emergence
 of more 

infectious variants of the virus, vaccine hesitancy or increased business and
 social activities, which may cause 

governmental authorities to reinstate restrictions.
 As a result, the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic 

Risk Factors 

Table of Contents

21 

ConocoPhillips 2021 10-K

remains uncertain and will depend on the severity, location and duration of the effects
 and spread of the disease, 

the effectiveness and duration of actions taken by authorities to contain
 the virus or treat its effect, the availability 

and effectiveness of vaccines or other treatments, and how quickly and
 to what extent economic conditions 

improve. 

See our Human Capital Management section within Item 1 and 2—Business and Properties

, for additional 
information on how we have been impacted and the steps we have
 taken in response.

Our business is likely to continue to be further negatively impacted by the COVID
 -19 pandemic.
 These impacts 

could include but are not limited to: 
●
Reduced demand for our products as a result of reductions in travel
 and commerce, whether related to 

mandated restrictions or otherwise; 
●
Disruptions in our supply chain due in part to scrutiny or embargoing of shipments from infected
 areas or 

invocation of force majeure clauses in commercial contracts
 due to restrictions imposed as a result
 of the 

global response to the pandemic; 
●
Failure of third-parties on which we rely, including our suppliers, contract
 manufacturers, contractors, 

joint venture partners and external business partners, to
 meet their obligations to the company,
 or 

significant disruptions in their ability to do so, which may be caused by their own financial or operational 

difficulties or restrictions imposed in response to the disease outbreak; 

●
Reduced workforce productivity caused by, but
 not limited to, illness, travel
 restrictions, quarantine, or 

government mandates; 
●
Increased challenges in retention of personnel caused by vaccine hesitancy
 and the resistance of some in 

our workforce to comply with workplace protocols necessary to ensure
 the health and safety of our 

workforce and minimize disruptions to the business, such as vaccine and testing requirements,
 or the use 

of personal protective equipment; and 
●
Voluntary or involuntary curtailments to support oil prices or alleviate storage
 shortages for our products. 

Any of these factors, or other cascading effects of the COVID-19 pandemic that
 are not currently foreseeable, 

could materially increase our costs, negatively impact our revenues and
 damage our financial condition, results of 

operations, cash flows and liquidity position. Despite the rollout of vaccines, the pandemic continues
 to progress 

and evolve, and the full extent and duration of any such impacts cannot
 be predicted at this time because of the 

sweeping impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on daily life around the world and a lack of certainty
 as to if or when 

conditions will return to pre-COVID levels. 

Unless we successfully develop resources, the scope of our business will decline, resulting in an adverse impact to 

our business. 
As we produce crude oil and natural gas from our existing portfolio,
 the amount of our remaining reserves 

declines. If we are not successful in replacing the crude oil and
 natural gas we produce with
 good prospects for 

future organic opportunities or through acquisitions, our business will decline.
 In addition, our ability to 

successfully develop our reserves is dependent on a number of factors, including our ability to
 obtain and renew 

rights to develop and produce hydrocarbons; our success at reservoir optimization; our ability
 to bring long-lead 

time, capital intensive projects to completion on budget and on schedule; and our ability
 to efficiently and 

profitably operate mature properties.
 If we are not successful in developing the resources
 in our portfolio, our 

financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. 

The exploration and production of oil and gas is a highly comp etitive industry. 

The exploration and production of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and NGLs
 is a highly competitive business.
 We 

compete with private, public and state-owned companies in all
 facets of the exploration and
 production business, 

including to locate and obtain new sources of supply and to produce crude oil, bitumen, natural
 gas and NGLs in an 

efficient, cost-effective manner.
 We must compete for
 the materials, equipment, services, employees
 and other 

personnel (including geologists, geophysicists, engineers and other specialists) necessary to conduct
 our business.

Some of our competitors are larger and have greater resources
 than we do, or may have
 established strategic
 long-

Risk Factors 

Table of Contents

ConocoPhillips 2021 10-K

 22 

term positions or strong governmental or other relationships in countries
 or areas in which we operate, or may
 be 

willing to incur a higher level of risk than we are willing to incur to obtain potential sources
 of supply.
 As a 

consequence, we may be at a competitive disadvantage in certain respects,
 such as in accessing the necessary 

materials, equipment, services, resources and personnel.
 In addition, we may be at a competitive disadvantage 

when competing with state-owned companies if they are motivated
 by political or other factors in making their 

business decisions, with less emphasis on financial returns. If we are not successful in our competition for
 new 

reserves, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely
 affected. 

Any material change in the factors and assumptions underlying our estimates of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas 

and NGL reserves could impair the quantity and value of those reserves.

Our proved reserve information included in this annual report represents
 management’s best estimates
 based on 

assumptions, as of a specified date, of the volumes to be recovered from underground
 accumulations of crude oil, 

bitumen, natural gas and NGLs. Such volumes cannot be directly measured and the
 estimates and underlying 

assumptions used by management are subject to substantial risk and uncertainty.
 Any material changes in the 

factors and assumptions underlying our estimates of these items could result
 in a material negative impact to the 

volume of reserves reported or could cause us to incur impairment expenses on property
 associated with the 

production of those reserves. Future reserve revisions could also
 result from changes in, among other things, 

governmental regulation. 

Our business may be adversely affected by price controls, government-imposed limitations on production
 or 

exports of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and NGLs, or the unavailability of adequate gathering, processing, 

compression, transportation, and pipeline facilities and equipment for our production of crude oil, bitumen, 

natural gas and NGLs. 
As discussed herein, our operations are subject to extensive governmental
 regulations.
 From time to time, 

regulatory agencies have imposed price controls and limitations
 on production by restricting the rate
 of flow of 

crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and NGL wells below actual production capacity.
 Similarly, in response
 to increased 

domestic energy costs, circumstances determined to be in the economic interest
 of the country,
 or a declared 

national emergency, the U.S. government could restrict
 the export of our products which would
 adversely impact 

our domestic business. Because legal requirements are frequently
 changed and subject to interpretation,
 we 

cannot predict whether future restrictions on our business may be enacted or become applicable
 to us.

Our ability to sell and deliver the crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, NGLs and LNG that we produce also
 depends on 

the availability, proximity,
 and capacity of gathering, processing, compression,
 transportation and pipeline facilities 

and equipment, as well as any necessary diluents to prepare our crude oil, bitumen, natural
 gas, NGLs and LNG for 

transport. Furthermore, we rely on there being sufficient
 facilities and takeaway
 capacity to support our ambitions 

to reduce routine flaring. The facilities, equipment and diluents
 we rely on may be temporarily
 unavailable to us 

due to market conditions, extreme weather events, regulatory
 reasons, mechanical reasons or other factors
 or 

conditions, many of which are beyond our control.
 In addition, in certain newer plays, the capacity
 of necessary 

facilities, equipment and diluents may not be sufficient to accommodate production
 from existing and new wells, 

and construction and permitting delays, permitting costs and regulatory or
 other constraints could limit or delay 

the construction, manufacture or other acquisition of new facilities and equipment.
 If any facilities, equipment or 

diluents, or any of the transportation methods and channels that we rely on become unavailable
 for any period of 

time, we may incur increased costs to transport our crude oil, bitumen, natural
 gas, NGLs and LNG for sale or we 

may be forced to curtail our production of crude oil, bitumen, natural
 gas or NGLs. 

Risk Factors 

Table of Contents

23 

ConocoPhillips 2021 10-K

Our investments in joint ventures decrease our ability to manage risk. 

We conduct many of our operations through joint ventures in which we
 may share control with our
 joint venture 

partners. There is a risk our joint venture participants
 may at any time have economic,
 business or legal interests 

or goals that are inconsistent with those of the joint venture or us, or our joint
 venture partners may be unable
 to 

meet their economic or other obligations and we may be required to fulfill those obligations
 alone.
 Failure by us, 

or an entity in which we have a joint venture interest, to adequately manage
 the risks associated with any 

operations, acquisitions or dispositions could have a material adverse
 effect on the financial condition or results
 of 

operations of our joint ventures and, in turn, our business and operations. 

Our operations present hazards and risks that require significant and continuous oversight. 

The scope and nature of our operations present a variety of significant hazards
 and risks, including operational 

hazards and risks such as explosions, fires, product spills, severe weather,
 geological events, labor disputes, 

geopolitical tensions, armed hostilities, terrorist or piracy attacks, sabotage,
 civil unrest or cyberattacks.
 Our 

operations are subject to the additional hazards of pollution, toxic substances
 and other environmental hazards 

and risks. Offshore activities may pose incrementally
 greater risks because of complex
 subsurface conditions such 

as higher reservoir pressures, water depths and metocean conditions.
 All such hazards could result in loss of 

human life, significant property and equipment damage, environmental
 pollution, impairment of operations, 

substantial losses to us and damage to our reputation.
 Our business and operations may be disrupted
 if we do not 

respond, or are perceived not to respond, in an appropriate manner to
 any of these hazards and risks
 or any other 

major crisis or if we are unable to efficiently restore or replace affected
 operational components
 and capacity.

Further, our insurance may not be adequate to
 compensate us for all resulting
 losses, and the cost to obtain 

adequate coverage may increase for us in the future. 

Legal and Regulatory Risks 
We expect to continue to incur substantial capital
 expenditures and operating costs
 as a result of our compliance 

with existing and future environmental laws and regulations. 

Our business is subject to numerous laws and regulations relating to the protection
 of the environment, which are 

expected to continue to have an increasing impact on our operations.
 For a description of the most significant of 

these environmental laws and regulations, see the “Contingencies—Environmental”
 and “Contingencies—Climate 

Change” sections of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
 of Operations.

These laws and regulations continue to increase in both number and complexity and
 affect our operations
 with 

respect to, among other things: 

●
Permits required in connection with exploration, drilling, production and other activities, including those 

issued by national, subnational, and local authorities; 

●
The discharge of pollutants into the environment; 

●
Emissions into the atmosphere, such as nitrogen oxides, sulfur dioxide, mercury
 and GHG emissions, 

including methane; 

●
Carbon taxes; 

●
The handling, use, storage, transportation, disposal and cleanup of hazardous materials
 and hazardous 

and nonhazardous wastes ; 

●
The dismantlement, abandonment and restoration of historic properties and facilities at
 the end of their 

useful lives; and 

●
Exploration and production activities in certain areas, such as offshore
 environments, arctic fields, oil 

sands reservoirs and unconventional plays. 

We have incurred and will continue to incur substantial
 capital, operating and maintenance, and
 remediation 

expenditures as a result of these laws and regulations.
 In addition, to the extent these expenditures
 are assumed 

by a buyer as a result of a disposition, it may result in our incurring substantial costs
 if the buyer is unable to satisfy 

these obligations. Any failure by us to comply
 with existing or future laws, regulations
 and other requirements 

could result in administrative or civil penalties, criminal fines, other enforcement
 actions or third-party litigation 

Risk Factors 

Table of Contents

ConocoPhillips 2021 10-K

 24 

against us. To the extent
 these expenditures, as with all costs,
 are not ultimately reflected in
 the prices of our 

products and services, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows in future
 periods 

could be materially adversely affected. 
Existing and future laws, regulations and internal initiatives relating to global climate change, such as 

limitations on GHG emissions may impact or limit our business plans, result in significant expenditures, promote 

alternative uses of energy or reduce demand for our products. 
Continuing political and social attention to the issue of global climate change has resulted
 in both existing and 

pending international agreements and national, regional or local legislation and regulatory
 measures to limit GHG 

emissions, such as cap and trade regimes, specific emission standards, carbon taxes,
 restrictive permitting, 

increased fuel efficiency standards and incentives or mandates for renewable
 energy.
 Although we may support 

many of these legislative and regulatory measures, how and when they are enacted could
 result in a material 

adverse effect to our business, financial condition, results of operations
 and cash flows in future periods.

For example, in November 2021, the U.S. Environmental Protection
 Agency published a Proposed Rule that would 

revise the regulations governing the emission of GHG and volatile organic compounds
 from new oil and gas 

production facilities, and emission guidelines for states to use when revising
 Clean Air Act implementation plans to 

limit GHG emissions from existing oil and gas facilities.
 Although the company supports the direct federal 

regulation of methane from new and existing sources,
 the final form and substance of any regulations
 are not 

currently known and could result in additional capital expenditures and compliance,
 operating and maintenance 

costs, any of which may have an adverse effect on our business
 and results of operations. 

Additionally, in 2021, the U.S. joined the international community at
 the 26th Conference of the Parties (COP26).

At the conclusion of COP26, the U.S. and nearly 200 other counties agreed to the Glasgow Climate
 Pact, 

committing to revisiting and strengthening their current emissions targets
 to 2030 in 2022 and finalizing the 

outstanding elements of the Paris Agreement.
 In addition, our operations continue
 in countries around the world 

which are party to the Paris Agreement. The implementation of current
 agreements and regulatory measures,
 as 

well as any future agreements or measures addressing climate change and
 GHG emissions, may adversely impact 

the demand for our products, impose taxes on our products or operations or require
 us to purchase emission 

credits or reduce emission of GHGs from our operations. As a result, we may experience declines in commodity 

prices or incur substantial capital expenditures and compliance, operating, maintenance
 and remediation costs, 

any of which may have an adverse effect on our business
 and results of operations. 

In September 2021, we announced an improvement to our Paris-aligned climate risk framework,
 whereby we 

committed to an improvement to our targets for reduc
 ing our scope 1 and 2 emissions intensity on both a
 gross 

operated and net equity basis and reaffirmed our commitment to advocate
 for the reduction of scope 3 emissions 

through our support for a U.S. carbon price.
 Compliance with, and achievement of,
 climate change-related 

internal initiatives such as the foregoing may increase costs, require
 us to purchase emission credits, or limit or 

impact our business plans. If we are not successful in select internal initiatives,
 we may be adversely affected
 and 

potentially need to reduce economic end-of-field life
 of certain assets and impair associated
 net book value.

Increasing attention to global climate change has also resulted in pressure
 from and upon stockholders,
 financial 

institutions and/or financial markets to modify their relationships with oil and gas
 companies and to limit 

investments and/or funding to such companies.
 For example, Harvard University
 announced in September 2021 

that it will stop investing its $42 billion endowment in fossil fuels and will let its current
 investments expire without 

renewal. As public pressure continues to
 mount, our access to capital on terms we
 find favorable (if it is available 

at all) may be limited and our costs may increase,
 our reputation could be damaged or our business
 and results of 

operations may be otherwise adversely affected.

Furthermore, increasing attention to global climate change has resulted
 in an increased likelihood of governmental 

investigations and private litigation, which could increase our costs
 or otherwise adversely affect our business.

Beginning in 2017, cities, counties, governments and other entities in several states
 in the U.S. have filed lawsuits 

against oil and gas companies, including ConocoPhillips, seeking compensatory
 damages and equitable relief to 

Risk Factors 

Table of Contents

25 

ConocoPhillips 2021 10-K

abate alleged climate change impacts. Additional lawsuits with similar allegations are
 expected to be filed.
 The 

amounts claimed by plaintiffs are unspecified and the legal and factual issues
 involved in these cases are 

unprecedented. ConocoPhillips believes these lawsuits
 are factually and legally meritless and
 are an inappropriate 

vehicle to address the challenges associated with climate change and will vigorously
 defend against such lawsuits.

The ultimate outcome and impact to us cannot be predicted with certainty,
 and we could incur substantial
 legal 

costs associated with defending these and similar lawsuits in the future.
 We could also receive lawsuits
 alleging a 

failure or lack of diligence to meet our publicly stated ESG goals, so
 called “greenwashing” cases.

In addition, although we design and operate our business operations to accommodate
 expected climatic 

conditions, to the extent there are significant changes in the earth’s
 climate, such as more severe or frequent 

weather conditions in the markets where we operate or the areas
 where our assets reside, we could incur 

increased expenses, our operations and supply chain could be adversely impacted, and
 demand for our products 

could fall. 
For more information on legislation or precursors for possible regulation
 relating to global climate change that 

affect or could affect our operations and a description
 of the company’s response, 

see the “Contingencies—Climate 

Change” section of Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

.

Domestic and worldwide political and economic developments could damage our operations and materially 

reduce our profitability and cash flows. 

Actions of the U.S., state, local and foreign governments, through
 sanctions, tax and other legislation, executive 

order and commercial restrictions, could reduce our operating profitability
 both in the U.S. and abroad.
 In certain 

locations, restrictions on our operations; leasing restrictions; special taxes
 or tax assessments; and payment 

transparency regulations that could require us to disclose competitively
 sensitive information or might
 cause us to 

violate non-disclosure laws of other countries have been imposed or proposed by governments
 or certain interest 

groups. For example, in 2020 a ballot initiative
 known as the Fair Share Act was proposed
 in the state of Alaska, 

which, if enacted would have increased the state’s
 share of production revenues and
 required producers to 

publicly disclose additional financial information. Although ultimately defeated,
 similar initiatives may be 

proposed and may be successful in the future. In addition, we may face regulatory
 changes in the U.S. including, 

but not limited to, the enactment of tax law changes that adversely affect
 the fossil fuel industry,
 new methane 

emissions standards, restrictive flaring requirements, and more stringent
 environmental impact studies
 and 

reviews. We also cannot rule out the possibility
 of similar regulatory shifts and attendant
 cost and market access 

implications in other international jurisdictions. 
One area subject to significant political and regulatory activity is the use of hydraulic
 fracturing, an essential 

completion technique that facilitates production of oil and natural gas
 otherwise trapped in lower permeability 

rock formations. A range of local, state,
 federal and national laws and
 regulations currently govern or,
 in some 

hydraulic fracturing operations, prohibit hydraulic
 fracturing in some jurisdictions.
 Although hydraulic fracturing 

has been conducted safely for many decades, a number of new laws, regulations
 and permitting requirements are 

under consideration which could result in increased costs, operating restrictions,
 operational delays or could
 limit 

the ability to develop oil and natural gas resources.
 Certain jurisdictions in which we operate have
 adopted or are 

considering regulations that could impose new or more stringent permitting, disclosure
 or other regulatory 

requirements on hydraulic fracturing or other oil and natural gas
 operations, including subsurface water
 disposal.

In addition, certain interest groups have also proposed ballot initiatives
 and constitutional amendments designed 

to restrict oil and natural gas development generally and hydraulic
 fracturing in particular.
 In the event that ballot 

initiatives, local, state, or national restrictions or prohibitions are
 adopted and result in more stringent
 limitations 

on the production and development of oil and natural gas in areas where we
 conduct operations, we may
 incur 

significant costs to comply with such requirements or may experience delays
 or curtailment in the permitting or 

pursuit of exploration, development or production activities.
 Such compliance costs and delays,
 curtailments, 

limitations or prohibitions could have a material adverse effect
 on our business, prospects, results of operations, 

financial condition and liquidity. 

Risk Factors 

Table of Contents

ConocoPhillips 2021 10-K

 26 

The U.S. government can also prevent or restrict us from doing business in foreign
 countries.
 These restrictions 

and those of foreign governments have in the past limited our ability to
 operate in, or gain access to,
 opportunities 

in various countries. Actions by host governments, such
 as the expropriation of our oil assets by the Venezuelan 

government, have affected operations significantly in the past
 and may continue to do so in the future.
 Changes in 

domestic and international policies and regulations may affect our ability to collect payments
 such as those 

pertaining to the settlement with Petróleos
 de Venezuela, S.A. (PDVSA
 )
 or the ICSID Award against
 the 

Government of Venezuela; or to obtain or maintain licenses or permits,
 including those necessary for drilling and 

development of wells in various locations. Similarly, the declaration
 of a “climate emergency” could
 result in 

actions to limit exports of our products and other restrictions. 

Local political and economic factors in international markets
 could have a material adverse
 effect on us.

Approximately 38 percent of our hydrocarbon
 production was derived from production
 outside the U.S. in 2021, 

and 29 percent of our proved reserves, as of December 31, 2021, were located
 outside the U.S.
 We are subject to 

risks associated with operations in both domestic and international markets,
 including changes in foreign 

governmental policies relating to crude oil, natural gas, bitumen, NGLs
 or LNG pricing and taxation, other
 political, 

economic or diplomatic developments (including the macro effects of international
 trade policies and disputes), 

potentially disruptive geopolitical conditions, and international monetary and currency
 rate fluctuations.

Restrictions on production of oil and gas could increase to the extent
 governments view such measures as
 a viable 

approach for pursuing national and global energy and climate policies.
 In addition, some countries where we 

operate lack a fully independent judiciary system.
 This, coupled with changes in foreign law or policy,
 results in a 

lack of legal certainty that exposes our operations to increased risks,
 including increased difficulty in enforcing
 our 

agreements in those jurisdictions and increased risks of adverse actions by local government authorities,
 such as 

expropriations. 

Other Risk Factors Facing our Business or Operations 

We may need additional capital in the future, and it may not be available on acceptable terms
 or at all.

We have historically relied primarily upon cash generated
 by our operations to fund our
 operations and strategy; 

however, we have also relied from time to
 time on access to the debt and equity capital markets
 for funding.

There can be no assurance that additional debt or equity financing will be available in the future on
 acceptable 

terms or at all. In addition, although we anticipate we will be
 able to repay our existing
 indebtedness when it 

matures or in accordance with our stated plans, there can be no assurance we will be able to
 do so.
 Our ability to 

obtain additional financing or refinance our existing indebtedness when it matures or in
 accordance with our 

plans, will be subject to a number of factors, including market conditions, our
 operating performance, investor 

sentiment and our ability to incur additional debt in compliance with agreements governing our then-outstanding 

debt. If we are unable to generate sufficient
 funds from operations or raise
 additional capital for any reason,
 our 

business could be adversely affected. 

In addition, we are regularly evaluated by the major rating agencies based on a number of factors,
 including our 

financial strength and conditions affecting the oil and gas industry generally.
 We and other industry companies 

have had their ratings reduced in the past due to negative commodity
 price outlooks.
 Any downgrade in our credit 

rating or announcement that our credit rating is under review for possible
 downgrade could increase the cost 

associated with any additional indebtedness we incur. 

Risk Factors 

Table of Contents

27 

ConocoPhillips 2021 10-K

Our business may be adversely affected by deterioration in the credit quality of, or defaults under
 our contracts 

with, third-parties with whom we do business.
The operation of our business requires us to engage in transactions with
 numerous counterparties operating
 in a 

variety of industries, including other companies operating in the oil and gas industry.
 These counterparties may 

default on their obligations to us as a result of operational failures
 or a lack of liquidity,
 or for other reasons, 

including bankruptcy. Market speculation about the credit
 quality of these counterparties, or their ability
 to 

continue performing on their existing obligations, may also exacerbate
 any operational difficulties
 or liquidity 

issues they are experiencing, particularly as it relates to other companies in the oil and gas industry
 as a result of 

the volatility in commodity prices. Any default by any of our
 counterparties may result in our
 inability to perform 

our obligations under agreements we have made with third-parties or may otherwise adversely
 affect our business 

or results of operations. In addition, our rights against any of our counterparties
 as a result of a default may not be 

adequate to compensate us for the resulting harm caused or may
 not be enforceable at all in some circumstances.

We may also be forced to incur additional costs as we attempt
 to enforce any rights
 we have against
 a defaulting 

counterparty, which could further adversely impact our results
 of operations.

Our ability to execute our capital return program is subject to certain considerations. 

In December 2021, we initiated a three -tier capital return program
 that consists of our ordinary dividend, share 

repurchases and a quarterly variable return of cash (VROC). 

Ordinary dividends are authorized and determined by our Board of Directors in its
 sole discretion and depend 

upon a number of factors, including: 
●
Cash available for distribution; 
●
Our results of operations and anticipated future results of operations; 

●
Our financial condition, especially in relation to the anticipated future capital needs of our