You should carefully consider the following risk
 factors in addition to the other information
 included in this 

Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risk factors are not the only risks
 we face.
 Our business could also be 

affected by additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently consider to be 

immaterial. If any of these risks were to occur, our business, operating results and financial
 condition, as well 

as the value of an investment in our common stock could be adversely affected. 

Our operating results, our future rate of growth and the carrying value of our assets are exposed
 to the 

effects of changing commodity prices. 

Prices for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, NGLs and LNG can fluctuate widely.
 Brent crude oil prices 

averaged $64 per barrel in 2019, ranging from a low of $53 per barrel in January to a high of almost
 $75 per 

barrel in April. Given volatility in commodity price drivers
 and the worldwide political and economic 

environment generally, as well as increased uncertainty generated by recent (and potential future) armed 

hostilities in various oil-producing regions around the globe, price trends may continue to be volatile.
 Our 

revenues, operating results and future rate of growth are highly dependent on the prices
 we receive for our 

crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, NGLs and LNG.
 The factors influencing these prices are
 beyond our control.

Lower crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, NGL and LNG prices may have a material adverse effect on our 

revenues, operating income, cash flows and liquidity, and may also affect the amount of dividends we elect to 

declare and pay on our common stock and the amount of shares we elect to acquire as
 part of the share 

repurchase program and the timing of such acquisitions. Lower prices may also limit the amount of reserves 

we can produce economically, adversely affecting our proved reserves, reserve replacement ratio and 

accelerating the reduction in our existing reserve levels as we continue production from upstream
 fields. 

Significant reductions in crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, NGLs and LNG prices could also require
 us to reduce 

our capital expenditures, impair the carrying value of our assets or discontinue the classification
 of certain 

assets as proved reserves. In the past three years, we recognized several
 impairments, which are described in 

Note 9—Impairments and the “APLNG” section of Note 6—Investments, Loans and Long-Term Receivables, 

in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. If commodity prices remain low relative
 to their historic 

levels, and as we continue to optimize our investments and exercise capital flexibility, it is reasonably likely 

we will incur future impairments to long-lived assets used in operations, investments in nonconsolidated 

entities accounted for under the equity method and unproved properties.
 Although it is not reasonably 

practicable to quantify the impact of any future impairments at this time, our results of operations
 could be 

adversely affected as a result. 

Our ability to declare and pay dividends and repurchase shares is subject to certain considerations. 

Dividends are authorized and determined by our Board of Directors in its sole discretion
 and depend upon a 

number of factors, including: 

●

Cash available for distribution. 
●

Our results of operations and anticipated future results of operations. 

●

Our financial condition, especially in relation to the anticipated future capital needs of our