You should carefully consider the following risk
 factors in addition to the other information
 included in this 

Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risk factors are not the only risks
 we face.
 Our business could also be 

affected by additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently consider to be 

immaterial. If any of these risks or other risks that are yet unknown
 were to occur, our business, operating 

results and financial condition, as well as the value of an investment in our common stock
 could be adversely 

affected. 

Risks Related to Our Industry 

We have been negatively affected and may continue to be negatively affected by the prolonged drop in 
commodity prices that began in early 2020. 

The oil and gas business is fundamentally a commodity business and our revenues, operating results
 and future 

rate of growth are highly dependent on the prices we receive for crude oil, bitumen, natural gas,
 NGLs and 

LNG. Such prices can fluctuate widely depending upon
 global events or conditions that affect supply and 

demand, most of which are out of our control. Since early 2020, there has been a precipitous
 decrease in 

demand for oil globally, largely caused by the dramatic decrease in travel and commerce resulting from the 

COVID-19 pandemic. See Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results 

of Operations, for additional information on commodity prices and how we have been
 impacted.
 There is no 

assurance of when or if commodity prices will return to pre-COVID-19 levels,
 and if they do return to pre-

COVID levels, how long they will remain at those levels.
 The speed and extent of any recovery remains 

uncertain and is subject to various risk factors, including the duration, impact and actions taken
 to stem the 

proliferation of the COVID-19 pandemic, the extent to which those nations party to the OPEC
 plus production 

agreement decide to increase production of crude oil, bitumen, natural gas and NGLs and other factors 

described herein. Even after a recovery, our industry will continue to be exposed to the
 effects of changing 

commodity prices given the volatility in commodity price drivers and the worldwide political
 and economic 

environment generally, as well as continued uncertainty caused by armed hostilities in various oil-producing 

regions around the globe. 

Lower crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, NGL and LNG prices may have a material adverse effect on our 

revenues, earnings, cash flows and liquidity, and may also affect the amount of dividends we elect to declare 

and pay on our common stock. As a result of the oil market downturn that
 began in early 2020, we suspended 

our share repurchase program. Lower prices may also limit the amount of reserves
 we can produce 

economically, thus adversely affecting our proved reserves and reserve replacement ratio and accelerating the 

reduction in our existing reserve levels as we continue production from upstream fields.
 Prolonged depressed 

crude oil prices may affect certain decisions related to our operations, including decisions to reduce
 capital 

investments or curtail operated production. 

Significant reductions in crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, NGLs and LNG prices could also
 require us to reduce 

our capital expenditures, impair the carrying value of our assets or discontinue the classification
 of certain 

assets as proved reserves. In 2020, we recognized several impairments,
 which are described in Note 7—

Suspended Wells and Exploration Expenses and Note 8—Impairments, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial 

Statements, due to changes in assumptions for commodity
 prices and development plans.
 If the outlook for 

commodity prices remains low relative to historic levels, and as we continue to optimize our investments
 and 

exercise capital flexibility, it is reasonably likely we will incur future impairments to long-lived assets used in 

operations, investments in nonconsolidated entities accounted for under the equity method and unproved