Certain statements contained in this document constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. For these purposes, forward-looking statements are statements that address activities, events, conditions or developments that we expect or anticipate may occur in the future. Such
forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause actual events, results or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. 

7 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
They could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and from results predicted by our forward-looking statements. Those statements may relate to such matters as sales growth, increases in comparable store sales,
impact of cannibalization, commodity price changes, earnings performance, earnings per share, stock-based compensation expense, warehouse openings and closures, the effect of adopting certain accounting standards, future financial reporting,
financing, margins, return on invested capital, strategic direction and the demand for our products and services. All of our forward-looking statements are qualified by the risks described below. These risks are not the only risks we face. Our
operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider immaterial. 

We face strong competition
from other retailers and wholesale club operators, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

The retail business is highly competitive. We compete
for members, employees, warehouse sites, products and services and in other important respects with many other local, regional and national retailers, both in the United States and in foreign countries. We compete with other wholesale club
operators, discount retailers, retail and wholesale grocers and general merchandise wholesalers and distributors, as well as e-commerce retailers, wholesalers and catalog businesses. Internationally, we compete with retailers who operate department,
drug, variety and specialty stores, supermarkets, supercenter stores, wholesale clubs, internet-based retailers and catalog businesses. Such retailers and wholesale club operators compete in a variety of ways, including merchandise selection and
availability, services offered to members, location, store hours and price. Our ability to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the retail markets could adversely affect our financial performance. Some competitors may have
greater financial resources, better access to merchandise, and greater market penetration than we do. 

General economic factors, domestically and internationally,
may adversely affect our financial performance. 

Higher interest rates, energy costs, inflation, levels of unemployment, consumer debt levels, and other economic
factors could adversely affect demand for our products and services or require a change in the mix of products we sell that adversely affects profitability. These factors can also increase our cost of sales and operating, selling, general and
administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our operations and results. General economic conditions can also be affected by the outbreak of war, acts of terrorism or other significant national or international events. 

Our growth strategy includes expanding our business, both in existing markets and by opening warehouses in new markets. 

Our future growth is dependent, in part, on our ability to build or lease new warehouses. We compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations for our warehouses.
Local land use, local zoning issues, environmental regulations and other regulations applicable to the types of warehouses we desire to construct may impact our ability to find suitable locations, and also influence the cost of constructing and
leasing our warehouses. We also may have difficulty negotiating leases or real estate purchase agreements on acceptable terms. Failure to manage these and other similar factors effectively will affect our ability to build or lease new warehouses,
which may have a material adverse affect on our future profitability. 

We seek to expand our business in existing markets in order to attain a greater overall market
share. Because our warehouses typically draw members from their local areas, a new warehouse may draw members away from our nearby existing warehouses and may cause comparable warehouse sales performance and member traffic at those existing
warehouses to decline. 

8 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

We also intend to open warehouses in new markets. The risks associated with entering a new market include difficulties in
attracting members due to a lack of familiarity with us, our lack of familiarity with local member preferences and seasonal differences in the market. In addition, entry into new markets may bring us into competition with new competitors or with
existing competitors with a large, established market presence. While we have a track record of profitable growth, in new markets we cannot ensure that our new warehouses will be profitably deployed; as a result, our future profitability may be
materially adversely affected. 

Any inability to open new warehouses on schedule could hurt our financial performance. 

We expect to increase our presence in existing markets and enter new markets. Our opening of new warehouses, domestically and internationally, will depend on our ability to:
identify and secure suitable locations; negotiate leases or real estate purchase agreements on acceptable terms; attract and train qualified employees; and manage preopening expenses, including construction costs. We compete with other retailers and
businesses for suitable locations for our warehouses. Our ability to open new warehouses also is affected by environmental regulations, local zoning issues and other laws related to land use. Failure to effectively manage these and other similar
factors will affect our ability to open warehouses on schedule, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

We are highly dependent on the financial
performance of our United States and Canada operations. 

Our financial performance is highly dependent on our United States and Canada operations, which comprised
94% of consolidated net sales in both fiscal 2006 and 2005. Within the United States, we are highly dependent on our California operations, which comprised 31% and 30% of consolidated net sales in fiscal 2006 and 2005, respectively. Any substantial
or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. Declines in financial performance of our United States and Canada operations could arise from, among other things: failing to meet annual
targets for warehouse openings; declines in actual or estimated comparable warehouse sales growth rates and expectations; negative trends in operating expenses, including increased labor costs; cannibalizing existing locations with new warehouses;
shifts in sales mix toward lower gross margin products; changes or uncertainties in economic conditions in our markets; and failing consistently to provide high quality products and innovative new products to retain our existing member base and
attract new members. 

Risks associated with the suppliers from whom our products are sourced could adversely affect our financial performance. 

The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers. Effective global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in
our financial performance. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards, and to access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the
United States. Political and economic instability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial instability of suppliers, suppliers’ failure to meet our standards, labor problems experienced by our suppliers, the
availability of raw materials to suppliers, merchandise quality issues, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, inflation, and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our
control. In addition, the United States’ foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing
certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. We may also face changes in the cost to us of accepting various payment methods and changes in the rate of utilization of these payment
methods by our members. 

9 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could adversely affect our relationship with our
members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. 

It is difficult to consistently and successfully predict the products and services our
members will demand. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond to evolving trends in demographics and consumer preferences. Failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes,
preferences and spending patterns could adversely affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services and our market share. 

Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results. 

Generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are
relevant to our business, such as revenue recognition, impairment of long-lived assets and warehouse closing costs, inventories, self insurance, stock-based compensation, income taxes, unclaimed property laws and litigation, are highly complex and
involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. Changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported or
expected financial performance. 

Our international operations subject us to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and
economic factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our international operations
could form a larger portion of our net sales in future years. Future operating results internationally could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, many beyond our control. These factors include political conditions, economic conditions,
regulatory constraints, currency regulations and exchange rates, and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future. Other factors that may impact international operations include foreign trade, monetary
and fiscal policies both of the United States and of other countries, laws and regulations of foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having major facilities located in countries which have been
historically less stable than the United States. 

Implementation of technology initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term and fail to provide the
anticipated benefits. 

We have made and will continue to make significant technology investments both in our warehouses and in our administrative functions. The
cost and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of technology initiatives could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term. In addition, new or upgraded technology might not provide the
anticipated benefits; it might take longer than expected to realize the anticipated benefits or the technology might fail. 

Market expectations for our financial
performance is high. 

We believe that the price of our stock reflects high market expectations for our future operating results. Any failure to meet these
expectations for our comparable warehouse sales growth rates, earnings per share and new warehouse openings could cause the market price of our stock to drop. 

10 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

Cost related to natural disasters could adversely affect our financial performance. 

The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes or earthquakes (particularly in California where over 30% of our net sales are generated) could adversely affect
our operations and financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to one or more of our properties, the temporary closure of one or more warehouses or depots, the temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market, the
temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some local and overseas suppliers, the temporary disruption in the transport of goods from overseas, delay in the delivery of goods to our depots or warehouses within a country in
which we are operating and the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our warehouses. 

We are subject to a wide variety of federal, state,
regional, local and international laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge, and disposal of hazardous materials and hazardous and non-hazardous wastes, and other environmental matters. 

While we believe that our operations are currently in material compliance with all environmental laws, any failure to comply with these laws could result in costs to satisfy
environmental compliance, remediation requirements, or the imposition of severe penalties or restrictions on operations by government agencies or courts that could adversely affect our operations. 

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings, and while we cannot predict the outcomes of such proceedings and other contingencies with certainty, some of these outcomes
may adversely affect our operations or increase our costs. 

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings, including consumer, employment, tort and other
litigation. We cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these legal proceedings and other contingencies, including environmental remediation and other proceedings commenced by government authorities. The outcome of some of these legal
proceedings and other contingencies could require us to take, or refrain from taking, actions which could adversely affect our operations or could require us to pay substantial amounts of money. Additionally, defending against these lawsuits and
proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management’s attention and resources. Our business requires compliance with a great variety of laws and regulations. Failure to achieve compliance could subject us to lawsuits and
other proceedings, and lead to damage awards, fines and penalties. 

Failure of our internal control over financial reporting could harm our business and financial
results. 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial
reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting
includes: maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of the financial statements; providing reasonable
assurance that our receipts and expenditures of our assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on
the financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements
would be prevented or detected. Any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud. 

11 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

The foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive and we do not undertake to revise any forward-looking statement to
reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date the statement is made.