Certain statements contained in this document constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of
the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. They include statements that address activities, events, conditions or developments that we expect or anticipate may occur in the future. Such forward-looking statements involve risks and
uncertainties that may cause actual events, results or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. 

7 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations.
They could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and from results predicted by our forward-looking statements. Those statements may relate to such matters as sales growth, increases in comparable store sales,
impact of cannibalization, price changes, earnings performance, earnings per share, stock-based compensation expense, warehouse openings and closures, the effect of adopting certain accounting standards, future financial reporting, financing,
margins, return on invested capital, strategic direction and the demand for our products and services. You should read these risk factors in conjunction with Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
in Item 7 of this Report and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8 of this Report. There also may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described in this report, generally because we do not
perceive them to be material, that could cause results to differ materially from our expectations. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake to update these forward-looking statements. You are
advised, however, to review any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our periodic filings with the SEC. 

We face strong competition from other
retailers and wholesale club operators, which could negatively affect our financial performance. 

The retail business is highly competitive. We compete for
members, employees, warehouse sites, products and services and in other important respects with many other local, regional and national retailers, both in the United States and in foreign countries. We compete with other wholesale club operators,
discount retailers, retail and wholesale grocers and general merchandise wholesalers and distributors, as well as electronic commerce retailers, wholesalers and catalog businesses. Internationally, we compete with retailers who operate department,
drug, variety and specialty stores, supermarkets, supercenter stores, wholesale clubs, internet-based retailers and catalog businesses. Such retailers and wholesale club operators compete in a variety of ways, including merchandise selection and
availability, services offered to members, location, store hours and price. Our ability to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the retail markets could negatively affect our financial performance. Some competitors may have
greater financial resources, better access to merchandise, and greater market penetration than we do. 

General economic factors, domestically and internationally,
may adversely affect our financial performance. 

Higher interest rates, energy costs, inflation, levels of unemployment, healthcare costs, fluctuations of certain
commodity prices, consumer debt levels, and other economic factors could adversely affect demand for our products and services or require a change in the mix of products we sell. These factors can also increase our cost of sales and/or operating,
selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our operations and results. General economic conditions can also be affected by the outbreak of war, acts of terrorism or other significant national or international
events. 

Our growth strategy includes expanding our business, both in existing markets and by opening warehouses in new markets. 

Our future growth is dependent, in part, on our ability to build or lease new warehouses. We compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations. Local land use and
other regulations restricting the construction of our warehouses, as well as local community actions opposed to the location of our warehouses at specific sites and the adoption of certain local laws restricting our operations and environmental
regulations may impact our ability to find suitable locations, and increase the cost of constructing, leasing and operating our warehouses. We also may have difficulty negotiating leases or 

8 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

real estate purchase agreements on acceptable terms. Failure to manage these and other similar factors effectively will affect our ability to build or lease new
warehouses, which may have a material adverse affect on our future profitability. 

We seek to expand our business in existing markets in order to attain a greater
overall market share. Because our warehouses typically draw members from their local areas, a new warehouse may draw members away from our nearby existing warehouses and may cause comparable warehouse sales performance and member traffic at those
existing warehouses to slow or decline. 

We also intend to open warehouses in new markets. The risks associated with entering a new market include difficulties in
attracting members due to a lack of familiarity with us, our lack of familiarity with local member preferences and seasonal differences in the market. In addition, entry into new markets may bring us into competition with new competitors or with
existing competitors with a large, established market presence. While we have a track record of profitable growth, in new markets we cannot ensure that our new warehouses will be profitably deployed; as a result, our future profitability may be
delayed or otherwise materially adversely affected. 

Any inability to open new warehouses on schedule could hurt our financial performance. 

We expect to increase our presence in existing markets and enter new markets. Our opening of new warehouses, domestically and internationally, will depend on our ability to:
identify and secure suitable locations; negotiate leases or real estate purchase agreements on acceptable terms; attract and train qualified employees; and manage preopening expenses, including construction costs. We compete with other retailers and
businesses for suitable locations for our warehouses. Our ability to open new warehouses also is affected by environmental regulations, local zoning issues and other laws related to land use. Failure to effectively manage these and other similar
factors will affect our ability to open warehouses on schedule, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

We are highly dependent on the financial
performance of our United States and Canada operations. 

Our financial performance is highly dependent on our United States and Canada operations, which comprised
94% of consolidated net sales in both fiscal 2007 and 2006, and 93% and 94% of operating income in fiscal 2007 and 2006, respectively. Furthermore, we are highly dependent on our California operations, which comprised 28% and 31% of consolidated net
sales in fiscal 2007 and 2006, respectively. Any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. Declines in financial performance of our United States and Canada
operations could arise from, among other things: failing to meet targets for warehouse openings; declines in actual or estimated comparable warehouse sales growth rates and expectations; negative trends in operating expenses, including increased
labor and healthcare costs; cannibalizing existing locations with new warehouses; shifts in sales mix toward lower gross margin products; changes or uncertainties in economic conditions in our markets; and failing consistently to provide high
quality products and innovative new products to retain our existing member base and attract new members. 

We depend on vendors to supply us with quality
merchandise at the right time and at the right price. 

We depend heavily on our ability to purchase merchandise in sufficient quantities at competitive prices. We
have no assurances of continued supply, pricing or access to new products, and any vendor could at any time change the terms upon which it sells to us or discontinue selling to us. Sales demands may lead to insufficient in-stock positions of our
merchandise. 

9 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

We purchase our merchandise from numerous domestic and foreign manufacturers and importers. We have thousands of vendor
relationships. Our inability to acquire suitable merchandise on acceptable terms or the loss of key vendors could negatively affect us. We may not be able to develop relationships with new vendors, and products from alternative sources, if any, may
be of a lesser quality and/or more expensive than those from existing vendors. 

Our vendors are subject to risks, including labor disputes, union organizing
activities, financial liquidity, inclement weather, natural disasters, supply constraints, and general economic and political conditions, that could limit their ability to timely provide us with acceptable merchandise. For these or other reasons,
one or more of our vendors might not adhere to our quality control or legal or regulatory standards. These deficiencies may delay or preclude delivery of merchandise to us and might not be identified before we sell to our members. This failure could
lead to litigation and recalls, which could damage our reputation and our private label brand, increase our costs, and otherwise hurt our business. 

In addition, the
United States’ foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from
other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. 

We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which
could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. 

It is difficult to consistently and
successfully predict the products and services our members will demand. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond to evolving trends in demographics and consumer preferences. Failure to timely identify or
effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services and our market share. 

Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial
results. 

Generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide
range of matters that are relevant to our business, such as revenue recognition, sales returns reserve, impairment of long-lived assets and warehouse closing costs, inventories, self insurance, stock-based compensation, income taxes, unclaimed
property laws and litigation, are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. Changes in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our
management could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance. 

Our international operations subject us to risks associated with the
legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

Our international operations could form a larger portion of our business in future years. Future operating results internationally could be negatively affected by a variety of
factors, many beyond our control. These factors include political conditions, economic conditions, regulatory constraints, currency regulations and exchange rates, and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, 

10 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

now or in the future. Other factors that may impact international operations include foreign trade, monetary and fiscal policies both of the United States and of other
countries, laws and regulations of foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having major facilities located in countries which have been historically less stable than the United States. 

Implementation of technology initiatives could disrupt our operations in the near term and fail to provide the anticipated benefits. 

We have made and will continue to make significant technology investments both in our operations and in our administrative functions. The costs, potential problems and
interruptions associated with the implementation of technology initiatives could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the near term. In addition, new or upgraded technology might not provide the anticipated benefits; it might take
longer than expected to realize the anticipated benefits or the technology might fail. 

Market expectations for our financial performance is high. 

We believe that the price of our stock reflects high market expectations for our future operating results. Any failure to meet these expectations for our comparable warehouse
sales growth rates, earnings and earnings per share or new warehouse openings could cause the market price of our stock to drop. 

Cost related to natural
disasters could unfavorably affect our financial performance. 

The occurrence of one or more natural disasters, such as hurricanes or earthquakes (particularly in
California) could unfavorably affect our operations and financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to one or more of our properties, the temporary closure of one or more warehouses or depots, the temporary lack of an adequate
work force in a market, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some local and overseas suppliers, the temporary disruption in the transport of goods from overseas, delays in the delivery of goods to our depots or
warehouses within a country in which we operate and the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our warehouses. 

We are subject to a wide variety
of federal, state, regional, local and international laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge, and disposal of hazardous materials and hazardous and non-hazardous wastes, and other environmental matters. 

Any failure to comply with these laws could result in costs to satisfy environmental compliance, remediation requirements, or the imposition of severe penalties or restrictions on
operations by governmental agencies or courts that could adversely affect our operations. 

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings, and while we cannot
predict the outcomes of such proceedings and other contingencies with certainty, some of these outcomes may unfavorably affect our operations or increase our costs. 

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings, including grand jury investigations, consumer, employment, tort and other litigation. We cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these legal proceedings and other contingencies,
including environmental remediation and other proceedings commenced by governmental authorities. The outcome of some of these legal proceedings and other contingencies could require us to take or refrain from taking actions which could unfavorably
affect our operations or could require us to pay substantial amounts of money. Additionally, defending against these lawsuits and proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management’s attention and resources. Our business
requires compliance with a great variety of laws and regulations. Failure to achieve compliance could subject us to lawsuits and other proceedings, and lead to damage awards, fines and penalties. 

11 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

Failure of our internal control over financial reporting could harm our business and financial results. 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes: maintaining records that in
reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of the financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that our receipts and
expenditures of our assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements would
be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected.
Any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud. 

Our success depends upon our ability to attract, train and retain highly qualified employees. 

To be successful, we must attract, train and retain a large and growing number of highly qualified associates, while controlling related labor costs. Our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including
prevailing wage rates and healthcare and other insurance costs. We compete with other retail and non-retail businesses for these employees and invest significant resources in training and motivating them. We also depend on our executives and other
key employees for our success. There is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified employees in the future. 

If we do not maintain
the security of member-related information, we could damage our reputation with members, incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation. 

As
do most retailers and wholesale club operators, we receive certain personal information about our members. In addition, our online operations at www.costco.com and www.costco.ca depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over
public networks, including information permitting cashless payments. A compromise of our security systems or those of some of our suppliers, or other business partners that results in our member’s personal information being obtained by
unauthorized persons could adversely affect our reputation with our members and others, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and could result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties. In
addition, a security breach could require that we expend significant additional resources related to the security of information systems and could result in a disruption of our operations, particularly our online sales operations. 

Privacy and Information Security 

The use of individually identifiable data by our
business and our business associates is regulated at the international, federal and state levels. Privacy and information security laws and regulations change, and compliance with them may result in cost increases due to necessary systems
changes and the development of new administrative processes. If we or our business associates fail to comply with these laws and regulations or experience a data security breach, our reputation could be damaged, possibly resulting in lost future
business, and we could be subjected to additional legal risk as a result of non-compliance.