The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. These risks are not
the only risks that we face. Our business operations could also be affected by additional factors that apply to all companies operating in the United States and globally, as well as other risks that are not presently known to us or that we currently
consider to be immaterial. 

We face strong competition from other retailers and warehouse club operators, which could negatively affect our financial
performance. 

The retail business is highly competitive. We compete for members, employees, sites, products and services and in other
important respects with many other local, regional and national retailers, both in the United States and in foreign countries. We compete with a wide range of global, national and regional wholesalers and retailers, including supermarkets,
supercenter stores, department and specialty stores, gasoline stations, and internet-based retailers. Such retailers and warehouse club operators compete in a variety of ways, including merchandise pricing, selection and availability, services,
location, convenience, and store hours. Our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the retail markets could negatively affect our financial performance. Some competitors may have greater financial resources, better
access to merchandise, and greater market penetration than we do. 

General economic factors, domestically and internationally, may adversely affect
our financial performance. 

Higher interest rates, energy costs, inflation, levels of unemployment, healthcare costs, consumer debt
levels, unsettled financial markets, weaknesses in housing and real estate markets, reduced consumer confidence, changes related to government fiscal and tax policies and other economic factors could adversely affect demand for our products and
services or require a change in the mix of products we sell. Prices of certain commodity products, including gasoline and other food products, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and
international supply and demand, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations and periodic delays in delivery. Rapid and significant changes in commodity prices may affect our sales and profit margins. These factors can also
increase our merchandise costs and/or selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our operations and financial results. General economic conditions can also be affected by the outbreak of war, acts of terrorism, or
other significant national or international events. 

Our growth strategy includes expanding our business, both in existing markets and in new
markets. 

Our future growth is dependent, in part, on our ability to acquire property, and build or lease new warehouses. We compete
with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations. Local land use and other regulations restricting the construction and operation of our warehouses, as well as local community actions opposed to the location of our warehouses at specific
sites and the adoption of local laws restricting our operations and environmental regulations may impact our ability to find suitable locations, and increase the cost of constructing, leasing and operating our warehouses. We also may have difficulty
negotiating leases or real estate purchase agreements on acceptable terms. Failure to manage these and other similar factors effectively will affect our ability to timely build or lease new warehouses, which may have a material adverse affect on our
future growth and profitability. 

10 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

We seek to expand our business in existing markets in order to attain a greater overall market
share. Because our warehouses typically draw members from their local areas, a new warehouse may draw members away from our existing warehouses and adversely affect comparable warehouse sales performance and member traffic at those existing
warehouses. 

We also intend to open warehouses in new markets. The risks associated with entering a new market include difficulties in
attracting members due to a lack of familiarity with us, attracting members of other wholesale club operators currently operating in the new market, our lack of familiarity with local member preferences, and seasonal differences in the market. In
addition, entry into new markets may bring us into competition with new competitors or with existing competitors with a large, established market presence. In new markets, we cannot ensure that our new warehouses will be profitably deployed; as a
result, our future profitability may be delayed or otherwise materially adversely affected. 

We are highly dependent on the financial performance of
our United States and Canada operations. 

Our financial and operational performance is highly dependent on our United States and
Canada operations, which comprised 89% and 83% of consolidated net sales and operating income in 2011, respectively. Within the United States, we are highly dependent on our California operations, which comprised 24% of consolidated net sales in
2011. Our California market, in general, has a larger percentage of higher volume warehouses as compared to our other markets. Any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and
financial results. Declines in financial performance of our United States operations, particularly in California, and our Canada operations could arise from, among other things: failing to meet targets for warehouse openings; declines in actual or
estimated comparable warehouse sales growth rates and expectations; negative trends in operating expenses, including increased labor, healthcare and energy costs; cannibalizing existing locations with new warehouses; shifts in sales mix toward lower
gross margin products; changes or uncertainties in economic conditions in our markets, including higher levels of unemployment and depressed home values; and failing to consistently provide high quality products and innovative new products to retain
our existing member base and attract new members. 

We depend on vendors to supply us with quality merchandise at the right prices in a timely manner.

We depend heavily on our ability to purchase merchandise in sufficient quantities at competitive prices. We have no assurances of
continued supply, pricing or access to new products, and any vendor could at any time change the terms upon which it sells to us or discontinue selling to us. Member demands may lead to out-of-stock positions of our merchandise, leading to loss of
sales and profits. 

We purchase our merchandise from numerous domestic and foreign manufacturers and importers and have thousands of
vendor relationships. Our inability to acquire suitable merchandise on acceptable terms or the loss of key vendors could negatively affect us. We may not be able to develop relationships with new vendors, and products from alternative sources, if
any, may be of a lesser quality or more expensive than those from existing vendors. Because of our efforts to adhere to high quality standards for which available supply may be limited, particularly for certain food items, the large volume we demand
may not be consistently available. 

Our suppliers are subject to risks, including labor disputes, union organizing activities, financial
liquidity, inclement weather, natural disasters, supply constraints, and general economic and political conditions, that could limit their ability to timely provide us with acceptable merchandise. For these or other reasons, one or more of our
suppliers might not adhere to our quality control, legal or regulatory stan

11 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

dards. These deficiencies may delay or preclude delivery of merchandise to us and might not be identified before we sell such merchandise to our members. This failure could lead to litigation and
recalls, which could damage our reputation and our brands, increase our costs, and otherwise hurt our business. 

Disruptions in our depot operations
could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction. 

We depend on the orderly operation of the receiving and distribution process,
primarily through our depots. Although we believe that our receiving and distribution process is efficient, unforeseen disruptions in operations due to fires, hurricanes, earthquakes or other catastrophic events, labor shortages and disagreements or
shipping problems, may result in delays in the delivery of merchandise to our warehouses, which could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our members. 

We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.

It is difficult to consistently and successfully predict the products and services our members will demand. Our success depends, in
part, on our ability to identify and respond to trends in demographics and consumer preferences. Failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences (including those relating to sustainability of product
sources) and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services and our market share. If we are not successful at predicting our sales trends and adjusting our purchases accordingly,
we may have excess inventory, which could result in additional markdowns and reduce our operating performance. This could have an adverse effect on margins and operating income. 

Our failure to maintain positive membership loyalty and brand recognition could adversely affect our financial results. 

Membership loyalty is essential to our business model. Damage to our brands or reputation may negatively impact comparable warehouse sales, lower employee morale and productivity, diminish member trust, and reduce
member renewal rates and, accordingly, membership fee revenues, resulting in a reduction in shareholder value. 

In addition, we sell
many products under our owned and exclusive Kirkland Signature brand. Maintaining consistent product quality, competitive pricing, and availability of our Kirkland Signature products for our customers is essential to developing and maintaining
customer loyalty. These products also generally carry higher margins than national brand products and represent a growing portion of our overall sales. If the Kirkland Signature brand experiences a loss of consumer acceptance or confidence, our
sales and gross margin results could be adversely affected. 

Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by
management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results. 

Generally accepted accounting
principles and related accounting pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including, but not limited to, revenue recognition, sales returns reserves,
impairment of long-lived assets and warehouse closing costs, inventories, vendor rebates and other consideration, self-insurance liabilities, income taxes, unclaimed property laws and litigation, and other contingent liabilities are highly complex
and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. Changes 

12 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

in these rules or their interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance.
Provisions for losses related to self-insured risks are generally based upon independent actuarially determined estimates. The assumptions underlying the ultimate costs of existing claim losses can be highly unpredictable, which can affect the
liability recorded for such claims. For example, variability in inflation rates of health care costs inherent in these claims can affect the amounts realized. In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care and
Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 were enacted. This legislation expands health care coverage to many uninsured individuals and expands coverage to those already insured. We expect our healthcare costs to increase, but not materially, as a result
of this legislation. Similarly, changes in legal trends and interpretations, as well as a change in the nature and method of how claims are settled can impact ultimate costs. Although our estimates of liabilities incurred do not anticipate
significant changes in historical trends for these variables, any changes could have a considerable effect upon future claim costs and currently recorded liabilities and could materially impact our consolidated financial statements. 

Unfavorable changes in tax rates could adversely affect our operations, financial conditions or cash flows. 

We compute our income tax provision based on enacted tax rates in the countries in which we operate. As the tax rates vary among countries, a change
in earnings attributable to the various jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall tax provision. Additionally, any change in the enacted tax rates, any adverse outcome in connection with any income tax
audits in any jurisdiction, including transfer pricing disputes, or any change in the pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes may have a material adverse affect on our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows.

Failure of our internal control over financial reporting could make our financial results inaccurate or untimely. 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial
reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes:
maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of the financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that
our receipts and expenditures of our assets are made in accordance with management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial
statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to and cannot provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements
would be prevented or detected. Any failure to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud. 

We rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. Disruptions in both our primary and back-up systems
could harm our business. 

Although we believe that we have independent, redundant, and primary and secondary computer systems, given
the number of individual transactions we have each year it is important that we maintain 

13 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

uninterrupted operation of our business-critical computer systems. Our computer systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and
telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes, and errors by our employees. If our computer systems and our back-up systems are damaged
or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruption in our computer systems may have a material adverse effect
on our business or results of operations. 

We expect to make significant technology investments in the coming years, which are key to
managing our business. We must monitor and choose the right investments and implement them at the right pace. Excessive technological change could impact the effectiveness of adoption, and could make it more difficult for us to realize benefits from
the technology. Targeting the wrong opportunities, failing to make the best investments or making an investment commitment significantly above or below our needs may result in the loss of our competitive position or underlying financial data.
Additionally, the costs, potential problems, and interruptions associated with implementing technology initiatives could disrupt or reduce the efficiency of our operations in the short term. These initiatives might not provide the anticipated
benefits or provide them in a delayed or more costly manner. 

Our international operations subject us to risks associated with the legislative,
judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could adversely affect our financial performance. 

During 2011, our international operations, including Canada, generated 27% of our consolidated net sales. We plan to continue expanding our
international operations. As a result of these expansion activities in countries outside the United States, we expect that our international operations could account for a larger portion of our net sales in future years. Future operating results
internationally could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, many beyond our control and similar to those we face in the United States. These factors include political conditions, economic conditions, regulatory constraints, currency
regulations and exchange rates, and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future. Other factors that may impact international operations include foreign trade, monetary and fiscal policies both of the
United States and of other countries, laws and regulations of foreign governments and the United States (such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act), agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having major facilities located in
countries which have been historically less stable than the United States. Risks inherent in international operations also include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences and greater
difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights. Additionally, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations may have an adverse impact on our future costs or on future cash flows from our international operations. 

Market expectations for our financial performance is high. 

We believe that the price of our stock generally reflects high market expectations for our future operating results. Any failure to meet or delay in meeting these expectations, including our comparable warehouse
sales growth rates, margins, earnings and earnings per share or new warehouse openings, could cause the market price of our stock to decline, as could changes in our dividend or stock repurchase policies. 

14 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

Natural disasters or other catastrophic events could unfavorably affect our financial performance.

Natural disasters, such as hurricanes or earthquakes, particularly in California or in Washington state, where our centralized
operating systems and administrative personnel are located, could unfavorably affect our operations and financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to one or more of our properties, the temporary closure of one or more
warehouses or depots, the temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some local and overseas suppliers, the temporary disruption in the transport of goods from overseas,
delays in the delivery of goods to our depots or warehouses within a country in which we operate and the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our warehouses. Public health issues, such as a potential H1N1 flu (swine flu) pandemic,
whether occurring in the United States or abroad, could disrupt our operations, disrupt the operations of suppliers or customers, or have an adverse impact on consumer spending and confidence levels. We may be required to suspend operations in some
or all of our locations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. These events could also reduce demand for our products or make it difficult or impossible to receive products from
suppliers. 

Factors associated with climate change could adversely affect our business. 

We use natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline, and electricity in our distribution and warehouse operations. Increased government regulations to limit
carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions may result in increased compliance costs and legislation or regulation affecting energy inputs could materially affect our profitability. In addition, climate change could affect our ability to
procure needed commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience. We also sell a substantial amount of gasoline, the demand for which could be impacted by concerns about climate change and which also could face increased regulation.
Climate change may be associated with extreme weather conditions, such as more intense hurricanes, thunderstorms, tornados and snow or ice storms, as well as rising sea levels. Extreme weather conditions increase our costs, and damage resulting from
extreme weather may not be fully insured. 

We are subject to a wide variety of federal, state, regional, local and international laws and regulations
relating to the use, storage, discharge, and disposal of hazardous materials and hazardous and non-hazardous wastes, and other environmental matters. 

Any failure to comply with these laws could result in costs to satisfy environmental compliance, remediation or compensatory requirements, or the imposition of severe penalties or restrictions on operations by
governmental agencies or courts that could adversely affect our operations. 

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits, and while
we cannot predict the outcomes of such proceedings and other contingencies with certainty, some of these outcomes may unfavorably affect our operations or increase our costs. 

We are or may become involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits, including grand jury investigations, other government investigations,
consumer, employment, tort and other litigation (see discussion of Legal Proceedings in Note 11 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report). We cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these legal
proceedings and other contingencies, including environmental remediation and other proceedings commenced by governmental authorities. The outcome of some of these legal proceedings and other contingencies could require us to take or refrain from
taking actions which could unfavorably affect our operations or could require us to pay substantial amounts of money. Additionally, defending against these lawsuits and 

15 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management’s attention and resources. Our business requires compliance with a great variety of laws and regulations. Failure to
achieve compliance could subject us to lawsuits and other proceedings, and lead to damage awards, fines and penalties. 

We are subject to the risks
of selling unsafe products. 

If our merchandise offerings, including food and prepared food products for human consumption, drugs and
childrens’ products, do not meet or are perceived not to meet applicable safely standards or our members’ expectations regarding safety, we could experience lost sales, increased costs and be exposed to legal and reputational risk. The
sale of these items involves the risk of injury to our members. Such injuries may result from tampering by unauthorized third parties, product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, other agents,
or residues introduced during the growing, manufacturing, storage, handling and transportation phases. Our vendors are generally contractually required to comply with applicable product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the
products we buy comply with all safety standards. While we are subject to governmental inspection and regulations and work to comply in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations, we cannot be sure that consumption of our products
will not cause a health-related illness in the future or that we will not be subject to claims, lawsuits, or government investigations relating to such matters, resulting in costly product recalls and other liabilities. Even if a product liability
claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused illness or injury could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential members and our corporate and brand image
and these effects could be long term. 

Our success depends on the continued contributions of management and on our ability to attract, train and
retain highly qualified employees. 

Our success depends to a significant degree on the continued contributions of members of our
senior management and other key operations, merchandising and administrative personnel, and the loss of any such person(s) could have a material adverse effect on our business. Other than an annual agreement with our CEO, Mr. Sinegal, we have
no employment agreements with our officers. We must attract, train and retain a large and growing number of highly qualified employees, while controlling related labor costs and maintaining our core values. Our ability to control labor costs is
subject to numerous external factors, including prevailing wage rates and healthcare and other insurance costs. We compete with other retail and non-retail businesses for these employees and invest significant resources in training and motivating
them. There is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified employees in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of operations and financial condition. The Company
does not maintain key man insurance. 

If we do not maintain the privacy and security of member-related and business information, we could damage our
reputation with members, incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation. 

We receive, retain, and transmit
certain personal information about our members. In addition, our online operations at www.costco.com and www.costco.ca depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information permitting cashless
payments. A compromise of our security systems or those of other business partners that results in our members’ personal information being obtained by unauthorized persons could adversely affect our reputation with our members and others, as
well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquid-

16 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

ity, and could result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties. In addition, a security breach could require that we expend significant additional resources related to the security
of information systems and could result in a disruption of our operations, particularly our online sales operations. 

Additionally, the
use of individually identifiable data by our business and our business associates is regulated at the international, federal and state levels. Privacy and information security laws and regulations change, and compliance with them may result in
cost increases due to necessary systems changes and the development of new administrative processes. If we or those with whom we share information fail to comply with these laws and regulations or experience a data security breach, our reputation
could be damaged, possibly resulting in lost future business, and we could be subjected to additional legal risk as a result of non-compliance. 

Our security measures may be undermined due to the actions of outside parties, employee error, malfeasance, or otherwise, and, as a result, an unauthorized party may obtain access to our data systems and
misappropriate business and personal information. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion, we may be unable to
anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. Any such breach or unauthorized access could result in significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and potentially have an adverse effect on our
business.