”, and other factors noted in the section titled “
Item 7-Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

” and in the consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8 of this Report. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake to update these statements, except as required by law.

PART I

Item 1—Business

Costco Wholesale Corporation and its subsidiaries (Costco or the Company) began operations in 1983, in Seattle, Washington. We are principally engaged in the operation of membership warehouses in the United States (U.S.) and Puerto Rico, Canada, United Kingdom (U.K.), Mexico, Japan, Korea, Australia, Spain, France, Iceland, China, and through a majority-owned subsidiary in Taiwan. Costco operated 815, 795, and 782 warehouses worldwide at August 29, 2021, August 30, 2020, and September 1, 2019, respectively. The Company operates e-commerce websites in the U.S., Canada, Mexico, U.K., Korea, Taiwan, Japan, and Australia. Our common stock trades on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, under the symbol “COST.”

We report on a 52/53-week fiscal year, consisting of thirteen four-week periods and ending on the Sunday nearest the end of August. The first three quarters consist of three periods each, and the fourth quarter consists of four periods (five weeks in the thirteenth period in a 53-week year). The material seasonal impact in our operations is increased net sales and earnings during the winter holiday season. References to 2021, 2020, and 2019 relate to the 52-week fiscal years ended August 29, 2021, August 30, 2020, and September 1, 2019, respectively. 

General

We operate membership warehouses and e-commerce websites based on the concept that offering our members low prices on a limited selection of nationally-branded and private-label products in a wide range of categories will produce high sales volumes and rapid inventory turnover. When combined with the operating efficiencies achieved by volume purchasing, efficient distribution and reduced handling of merchandise in no-frills, self-service warehouse facilities, these volumes and turnover enable us to operate profitably at significantly lower gross margins (net sales less merchandise costs) than most other retailers. We generally sell inventory before we are required to pay for it, even while taking advantage of early payment discounts. 

We buy most of our merchandise directly from manufacturers and route it to cross-docking consolidation points (depots) or directly to our warehouses. Our depots receive large shipments from manufacturers and quickly ship these goods to warehouses. This process creates freight volume and handling efficiencies, lowering costs associated with traditional multiple-step distribution channels. For our e-

3

Table of Contents

commerce operations we ship merchandise through our depots, our logistics operations for big and bulky items, as well as through drop-ship and other delivery arrangements with our suppliers.

Our average warehouse space is approximately 146,000 square feet, with newer units being slightly larger. Floor plans are designed for economy and efficiency in the use of selling space, the handling of merchandise, and the control of inventory. Because shoppers are attracted principally by the quality of merchandise and low prices, our warehouses are not elaborate. By strictly controlling the entrances and exits and using a membership format, we believe our inventory losses (shrinkage) are well below those of typical retail operations.

Our warehouses on average operate on a seven-day, 70-hour week. Gasoline operations generally have extended hours. Because the hours of operation are shorter than other retailers, and due to other efficiencies inherent in a warehouse-type operation, labor costs are lower relative to the volume of sales. Merchandise is generally stored on racks above the sales floor and displayed on pallets containing large quantities, reducing labor required. In general, with variations by country, our warehouses accept certain credit cards, including Costco co-branded cards, debit cards, cash and checks, co-brand cardholder rebates, Executive member 2% reward certificates and our proprietary stored-value card (shop card). 

Our strategy is to provide our members with a broad range of high-quality merchandise at prices we believe are consistently lower than elsewhere. We seek to limit most items to fast-selling models, sizes, and colors. We carry less than 4,000 active stock keeping units (SKUs) per warehouse in our core warehouse business, significantly less than other broadline retailers. We average anywhere from 9,000 to 11,000 SKUs online, some of which are also available in our warehouses. Many consumable products are offered for sale in case, carton, or multiple-pack quantities only.

In keeping with our policy of member satisfaction, we generally accept returns of merchandise. On certain electronic items, we typically have a 90-day return policy and provide, free of charge, technical support services, as well as an extended warranty. Additional third-party warranty coverage is sold on certain electronic items.

We offer merchandise and services in the following categories:

Core Merchandise Categories (or core business):

•
Foods and Sundries
 (including sundries, dry grocery, candy, cooler, freezer, deli, liquor, and tobacco)

•
Non-Foods
 (previously Hardlines and Softlines; including major appliances, electronics, health and beauty aids, hardware, garden and patio, sporting goods, tires, toys and seasonal, office supplies, automotive care, postage, tickets, apparel, small appliances, furniture, domestics, housewares, special order kiosk, and jewelry)

•
Fresh Foods
 (including meat, produce, service deli, and bakery)

Warehouse Ancillary
 (includes gasoline, pharmacy, optical, food court, hearing aids, and tire installation) and 
Other Businesses
 (includes e-commerce, business centers, travel, and other)

Warehouse ancillary businesses operate primarily within or next to our warehouses, encouraging members to shop more frequently. The number of warehouses with gas stations varies significantly by country, and we have no gasoline business in Korea or China. We operated 636 gas stations at the end of 2021. Net sales for our gasoline business represented approximately 9% of total net sales in 2021.

Our other businesses sell products and services that complement our warehouse operations (core and warehouse ancillary businesses). Our e-commerce operations give members convenience and a broader selection of goods and services. Net sales for e-commerce represented approximately 7% of total net sales in 2021. This figure does not consider other services we offer online in certain countries such as business delivery, travel, same-day grocery, and various other services. Our business centers carry items tailored specifically for food services, convenience stores and offices, and offer walk-in shopping and deliveries. Business centers are included in our total warehouse count. Costco Travel offers vacation 

4

Table of Contents

packages, hotels, cruises, and other travel products exclusively for Costco members (offered in the U.S., Canada, and the U.K.).

We have direct buying relationships with many producers of brand-name merchandise. We do not obtain a significant portion of merchandise from any one supplier. The COVID-19 pandemic created unprecedented supply constraints, including disruptions and delays that have impacted and could continue to impact the flow and availability of certain products. When sources of supply become unavailable, we seek alternative sources. We also purchase and manufacture private-label merchandise, as long as quality and member demand are high and the value to our members is significant.

Certain financial information for our segments and geographic areas is included in 
Note 12

 to the consolidated financial statements included in Item 8 of this Report.

Membership 

Our members may utilize their memberships at all of our warehouses and websites. Gold Star memberships are available to individuals; Business memberships are limited to businesses, including individuals with a business license, retail sales license or comparable document. Business members may add additional cardholders (affiliates), to which the same annual fee applies. Affiliates are not available for Gold Star members. Our annual fee for these memberships is $60 in our U.S. and Canadian operations and varies in other countries. All paid memberships include a free household card. 

Our member renewal rate was 91% in the U.S. and Canada and 89% worldwide at the end of 2021. The majority of members renew within six months following their renewal date. Our renewal rate is a trailing calculation that captures renewals during the period seven to eighteen months prior to the reporting date. Our membership counts include active memberships as well as memberships that have not renewed within the 12 months prior to the reporting date. At the end of 2020, we standardized our membership count methodology globally to be consistent with the U.S. and Canada, which resulted in the addition to the count of approximately 2.0 million total cardholders for 2020, of which 1.3 million were paid members. The change did not impact 2019. Membership fee income and the renewal rate calculations were not affected. Our membership was made up of the following (in thousands):

2021

2020

2019

Gold Star

50,200 

46,800 

42,900 

Business, including affiliates

11,500 

11,300 

11,000 

Total paid members

61,700 

58,100 

53,900 

Household cards

49,900 

47,400 

44,600 

    Total cardholders

111,600 

105,500 

98,500 

Paid cardholders (except affiliates) are eligible to upgrade to an Executive membership in the U.S. and Canada, for an additional annual fee of $60. Executive memberships are also available in Mexico, the U.K., Japan, Korea, and Taiwan, for which the additional annual fee varies. Executive members earn a 2% reward on qualified purchases (generally up to a maximum reward of $1,000 per year), which can be redeemed only at Costco warehouses. This program also offers (except in Mexico and Korea), access to additional savings and benefits on various business and consumer services, such as auto and home insurance, the Costco auto purchase program, and check printing. These services are generally provided by third parties and vary by state and country. Executive members totaled 25.6 million and represented 55% of paid members (excluding affiliates) in the U.S. and Canada and 17% of paid members (excluding affiliates) in our Other International operations at the end of 2021. They generally shop more frequently and spend more than other members.

5

Table of Contents

Human Capital

Our Code of Ethics requires that we “Take Care of Our Employees,” which is fundamental to the obligation to “Take Care of Our Members.” We must also carefully control our selling, general and administrative (SG&A) expenses, so that we can sell high quality goods and services at low prices. Compensation and benefits for employees is our largest expense after the cost of merchandise and is carefully monitored.

At the end of 2021, we employed 288,000 employees worldwide. The large majority (approximately 95%) is employed in our membership warehouses and distribution channels and approximately 17,000 employees are represented by unions. We also utilize seasonal employees during peak periods. The total number of employees by segment is:

Number of Employees

2021

2020

2019

United States

192,000 

181,000 

167,000 

Canada

47,000 

46,000 

42,000 

Other International

49,000 

46,000 

45,000 

Total employees

288,000 

273,000 

254,000 

We believe that our warehouses are among the most productive in the retail industry, owing in substantial part to the commitment and efficiency of our employees. We seek to provide them not merely with employment but careers. Many attributes of our business contribute to the objective; the more significant include: competitive compensation and benefits for those working in our membership warehouses and distributions channels; a commitment to promoting from within; and maintaining a ratio of at least 50% of our employee base being full-time employees. These attributes contribute to what we consider, especially for the industry, a high retention rate. In 2021, in the U.S. that rate was above 90% for employees who have been with us for at least one year.

The commitment to “Take Care of Our Employees” is also the foundation of our approach to diversity, equity and inclusion and creating an inclusive and respectful workplace. In 2021, we added training and communication for managers on topics of race, bias and equity, and greater visibility of our employee demographics. Embracing differences is important to the growth of our Company. It leads to more opportunities, innovation, and employee satisfaction and connects us to the communities where we do business.

Costco is firmly committed to helping protect the health and safety of our members and employees and to serving our communities. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic and its associated challenges, we began providing premium pay to the majority of our hourly employees in March 2020 and continued for a full year through February 2021, at which time a portion of the premium was built permanently into our hourly wage scales in the U.S. In fall 2020, we also began offering employees additional paid time off to attend to child care and schooling needs through the 2021 school year. As the global effect of coronavirus (COVID-19) continues to evolve, we are closely monitoring the changing situation and complying with public health guidance.

For more detailed information regarding our programs and initiatives, see “Employees” within our Sustainability Commitment (located on our website). This report and other information on our website are not incorporated by reference into and do not form any part of this Annual Report.

6

Table of Contents

Competition

Our industry is highly competitive, based on factors such as price, merchandise quality and selection, location, convenience, distribution strategy, and customer service. We compete on a worldwide basis with global, national, and regional wholesalers and retailers, including supermarkets, supercenters, internet retailers, gasoline stations, hard discounters, department and specialty stores, and operators selling a single category or narrow range of merchandise. Walmart, Target, Kroger, and Amazon are among our significant general merchandise retail competitors in the U.S. We also compete with other warehouse clubs including Walmart’s Sam’s Club and BJ’s Wholesale Club, and many of the major metropolitan areas in the U.S. and certain of our Other International locations have multiple clubs.

Intellectual Property

We believe that, to varying degrees, our trademarks, trade names, copyrights, proprietary processes, trade secrets, trade dress, domain names and similar intellectual property add significant value to our business and are important to our success. We have invested significantly in the development and protection of our well-recognized brands, including the Costco Wholesale trademarks and our private-label brand, Kirkland Signature. We believe that Kirkland Signature products are high quality, offered at prices that are generally lower than national brands, and help lower costs, differentiate our merchandise offerings, and generally earn higher margins. We expect to continue to increase the sales penetration of our private-label items.

We rely on trademark and copyright laws, trade-secret protection, and confidentiality, license and other agreements with our suppliers, employees and others to protect our intellectual property. The availability and duration of trademark registrations vary by country; however, trademarks are generally valid and may be renewed indefinitely as long as they are in use and registrations are maintained.

Available Information

Our U.S. website is www.costco.com. We make available through the Investor Relations section of that site, free of charge, our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, Proxy Statements and Forms 3, 4 and 5, and any amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after filing such materials with or furnishing such documents to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The information found on our website is not part of this or any other report filed with or furnished to the SEC. The SEC maintains a site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers, such as the Company, that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov.

We have adopted a code of ethics for senior financial officers, pursuant to Section 406 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Copies of the code are available free of charge by writing to Secretary, Costco Wholesale Corporation, 999 Lake Drive, Issaquah, WA 98027. If the Company makes any amendments to this code (other than technical, administrative, or non-substantive amendments) or grants any waivers, including implicit waivers, to the CEO, chief financial officer or principal accounting officer and controller, we will disclose (on our website or in a Form 8-K report filed with the SEC) the nature of the amendment or waiver, its effective date, and to whom it applies.

7

Table of Contents

Information about our Executive Officers

The executive officers of Costco, their position, and ages are listed below. All have over 25 years of service with the Company. 

Name

Position

ExecutiveOfficer
Since

Age

W. Craig Jelinek

President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Jelinek has been President and Chief Executive Officer since January 2012 and a director since February 2010. He was President and Chief Operating Officer from February 2010 to December 2011. Prior to that he was Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Merchandising since 2004.

1995

69

Richard A. Galanti

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Galanti has been a director since January 1995.

1993

65

Jim C. Klauer

Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Northern Division. Mr. Klauer was Senior Vice President, Non-Foods and E-commerce Merchandise, from 2013 to January 2018.

2018

59

Patrick J. Callans

Executive Vice President, Administration. Mr. Callans was Senior Vice President, Human Resources and Risk Management, from 2013 to December 2018.

2019

59

Russ D. Miller

Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Southern Division and Mexico. Mr. Miller was Senior Vice President, Western Canada Region, from 2001 to January 2018.

2018

64

James P. Murphy

Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, International. Mr. Murphy was Senior Vice President, International, from 2004 to October 2010.

2011

68

Joseph P. Portera

Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Eastern and Canadian Divisions. Mr. Portera has held these positions since 1994 and has been the Chief Diversity Officer since 2010.

1994

69

Timothy L. Rose

Executive Vice President, Ancillary Businesses, Manufacturing, and Business Centers. Mr. Rose was Senior Vice President, Merchandising, Foods and Sundries and Private Label, from 1995 to December 2012. 

2013

69

Yoram Rubanenko

Executive Vice President, Northeast and Southeast Regions. Mr. Rubanenko was Senior Vice President and General Manager, Southeast Region, from 2013 to September 2021, and Vice President, Regional Operations Manager for the Northeast Region, from 1998 to 2013.

2021

57

Ron M. Vachris

Executive Vice President, Chief Operating Officer, Merchandising. Mr. Vachris was Senior Vice President, Real Estate Development, from August 2015 to June 2016, and Senior Vice President, General Manager, Northwest Region, from 2010 to July 2015.

2016

56

8

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors

The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We could also be affected by additional risks that apply to all companies operating in the U.S. and globally, as well as other risks that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial. These Risk Factors should be carefully reviewed in conjunction with Management
'
s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in 
Item 7

 and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8 of this Report.

Business and Operating Risks

We are highly dependent on the financial performance of our U.S. and Canadian operations.

Our financial and operational performance is highly dependent on our U.S. and Canadian operations, which comprised 86% and 81% of net sales and operating income in 2021, respectively. Within the U.S., we are highly dependent on our California operations, which comprised 28% of U.S. net sales in 2021. Our California market, in general, has a larger percentage of higher volume warehouses as compared to our other domestic markets. Any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. Declines in financial performance of our U.S. operations, particularly in California, and our Canadian operations could arise from, among other things: slow growth or declines in comparable warehouse sales (comparable sales); negative trends in operating expenses, including increased labor, healthcare and energy costs; failing to meet targets for warehouse openings; cannibalizing existing locations with new warehouses; shifts in sales mix toward lower gross margin products; changes or uncertainties in economic conditions in our markets, including higher levels of unemployment and depressed home values; and failing to consistently provide high quality and innovative new products.

We may be unsuccessful implementing our growth strategy, including expanding our business in existing markets and new markets, and integrating acquisitions, which could have an adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our growth is dependent, in part, on our ability to acquire property and build or lease new warehouses and depots. We compete with other retailers and businesses for suitable locations. Local land use and other regulations restricting the construction and operation of our warehouses and depots, as well as local community actions opposed to the location of our warehouses or depots at specific sites and the adoption of local laws restricting our operations and environmental regulations, may impact our ability to find suitable locations and increase the cost of sites and of constructing, leasing and operating warehouses and depots. We also may have difficulty negotiating leases or purchase agreements on acceptable terms. In addition, certain jurisdictions have enacted or proposed laws and regulations that would prevent or restrict the operation or expansion plans of certain large retailers and warehouse clubs, including us. Failure to effectively manage these and other similar factors may affect our ability to timely build or lease and operate new warehouses and depots, which could have a material adverse effect on our future growth and profitability.

We seek to expand in existing markets to attain a greater overall market share. A new warehouse may draw members away from our existing warehouses and adversely affect their comparable sales performance, member traffic, and profitability.

We intend to continue to open warehouses in new markets. Associated risks include difficulties in attracting members due to a lack of familiarity with us, attracting members of other wholesale club operators, our lesser familiarity with local member preferences, and seasonal differences in the market. Entry into new markets may bring us into competition with new competitors or with existing competitors with a large, established market presence. We cannot ensure that new warehouses and new e-commerce websites will be profitable and future profitability could be delayed or otherwise materially adversely affected.

9

Table of Contents

We have made and may continue to make investments and acquisitions to improve the speed, accuracy and efficiency of our supply chains and delivery channels. The effectiveness of these investments can be less predictable than opening new locations and might not provide the anticipated benefits or desired rates of return.

Our failure to maintain membership growth, loyalty and brand recognition could adversely affect our results of operations.

Membership loyalty and growth are essential to our business. The extent to which we achieve growth in our membership base, increase the penetration of Executive membership, and sustain high renewal rates materially influences our profitability. Damage to our brands or reputation may negatively impact comparable sales, diminish member trust, and reduce renewal rates and, accordingly, net sales and membership fee revenue, negatively impacting our results of operations.

We sell many products under our Kirkland Signature brand. Maintaining consistent product quality, competitive pricing, and availability of these products is essential to developing and maintaining member loyalty. These products also generally carry higher margins than national brand products and represent a growing portion of our overall sales. If the Kirkland Signature brand experiences a loss of member acceptance or confidence, our sales and gross margin results could be adversely affected.

Disruptions in merchandise distribution or processing, packaging, manufacturing, and other facilities could adversely affect sales and member satisfaction.

We depend on the orderly operation of the merchandise receiving and distribution process, primarily through our depots. We also rely upon processing, packaging, manufacturing and other facilities to support our business, which includes the production of certain private-label items. Although we believe that our operations are efficient, disruptions due to fires, tornadoes, hurricanes, earthquakes, pandemics or other extreme weather conditions or catastrophic events, labor issues or other shipping problems may result in delays in the production and delivery of merchandise to our warehouses, which could adversely affect sales and the satisfaction of our members. Our e-commerce business depends heavily on third-party and in-house logistics providers and that business is negatively affected when these providers are unable to provide services in a timely fashion.

We may not timely identify or effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share.

It is difficult to consistently and successfully predict the products and services that our members will desire. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to identify and respond to trends in demographics and consumer preferences. Failure to identify timely or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences (including those relating to environmental, social and governance practices) and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. If we are not successful at predicting our sales trends and adjusting our purchases accordingly, we may have excess inventory, which could result in additional markdowns, or we may experience out-of-stock positions and delivery delays, which could result in higher costs, both of which would reduce our operating performance. This could have an adverse effect on net sales, gross margin and operating income.

Availability and performance of our information technology (IT) systems are vital to our business. Failure to successfully execute IT projects and have IT systems available to our business would adversely impact our operations.

IT systems play a crucial role in conducting our business. These systems are utilized to process a very high volume of transactions, conduct payment transactions, track and value our inventory and produce reports critical for making business decisions. Failure or disruption of these systems could have an adverse impact on our ability to buy products and services from our suppliers, produce goods in our manufacturing plants, move the products in an efficient manner to our warehouses and sell products to our members. We are undertaking large technology and IT transformation projects. The failure of these 

10

Table of Contents

projects could adversely impact our business plans and potentially impair our day to day business operations. Given the high volume of transactions we process, it is important that we build strong digital resiliency to prevent disruption from events such as power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, viruses, internal or external security breaches, errors by employees, and catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes. Any debilitating failure of our critical IT systems, data centers and backup systems would require significant investments in resources to restore IT services and may cause serious impairment in our business operations including loss of business services, increased cost of moving merchandise and failure to provide service to our members. We are currently making substantial investments in maintaining and enhancing our digital resiliency and failure or delay in these projects could be costly and harmful to our business. Failure to deliver IT transformation efforts efficiently and effectively could result in the loss of our competitive position and adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations.

We are required to maintain the privacy and security of personal and business information amidst multiplying threat landscapes and in compliance with privacy and data protection regulations globally. Failure to do so could damage our business, including our reputation with members, suppliers and employees, cause us to incur substantial additional costs, and become subject to litigation and regulatory action.

Increased security threats and more sophisticated cyber misconduct pose a risk to our systems, networks, products and services. We rely upon IT systems and networks, some of which are managed by third parties, in connection with virtually all of our business activities. Additionally, we collect, store and process sensitive information relating to our business, members, suppliers and employees. Operating these IT systems and networks, and processing and maintaining this data, in a secure manner, is critical to our business operations and strategy. Increased remote work due to the COVID-19 pandemic has also increased the possible attack surfaces. Threats designed to gain unauthorized access to systems, networks and data, both ours and third parties with whom we work, are increasing in frequency and sophistication. Cybersecurity attacks may range from random attempts to coordinated and targeted attacks, including sophisticated computer crimes and advanced persistent threats. Phishing attacks have emerged as particularly prominent, including as vectors for ransomware attacks, which have increased in breadth and frequency. While we train our employees as part of our security efforts, that training cannot be completely effective. These threats pose a risk to the security of our systems and networks and the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. It is possible that our IT systems and networks, or those managed by third parties such as cloud providers or suppliers that otherwise host confidential information, could have vulnerabilities, which could go unnoticed for a period of time. While our cybersecurity and compliance efforts seek to mitigate such risks, there can be no guarantee that the actions and controls we and our third-party service providers have implemented and are implementing, will be sufficient to protect our systems, information or other property. 

The potential impacts of a material cybersecurity attack include reputational damage, litigation, government enforcement actions, penalties, disruption to systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information, corruption of data, diminution in the value of our investment in IT systems and increased cybersecurity protection and remediation costs. This could adversely affect our competitiveness, results of operations and financial condition and, critically in light of our business model, loss of member confidence. Further, the insurance coverage we maintain and indemnification arrangements with third-parties may be inadequate to cover claims, costs, and liabilities relating to cybersecurity incidents. In addition, data we collect, store and process is subject to a variety of U.S. and international laws and regulations, such as the European Union's General Data Protection Regulation, California Consumer Privacy Act, Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, and other emerging privacy and cybersecurity laws across the various states and around the globe, which may carry significant potential penalties for noncompliance. 

11

Table of Contents

We are subject to payment-related risks.

We accept payments using a variety of methods, including select credit and debit cards, cash and checks, co-brand cardholder rebates, Executive member 2% reward certificates, and our shop card. As we offer new payment options to our members, we may be subject to additional rules, regulations, compliance requirements, and higher fraud losses. For certain payment methods, we pay interchange and other related acceptance fees, along with additional transaction processing fees. We rely on third parties to provide payment transaction processing services for credit and debit cards and our shop card. It could disrupt our business if these parties become unwilling or unable to provide these services to us. We are also subject to evolving payment card association and network operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements and rules governing electronic funds transfers. For example, we are subject to Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards, which contain compliance guidelines and standards with regard to our security surrounding the physical and electronic storage, processing and transmission of individual cardholder data. If our internal systems are breached or compromised, we may be liable for card re-issuance costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees and lose our ability to accept card payments from our members, and our business and operating results could be adversely affected.

We might sell products that cause illness or injury to our members, harm to our reputation, and expose us to litigation.

If our merchandise, including food and prepared food products for human consumption, drugs, children
'
s products, pet products and durable goods, do not meet or are perceived not to meet applicable safety or labeling standards or our members
'
 expectations, we could experience lost sales, increased costs, litigation or reputational harm. The sale of these items involves the risk of illness or injury to our members. Such illnesses or injuries could result from tampering by unauthorized third parties, product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, other agents, or residues introduced during the growing, manufacturing, storage, handling and transportation phases, or faulty design. Our suppliers are generally contractually required to comply with product safety laws, and we are dependent on them to ensure that the products we buy comply with safety and other standards. While we are subject to governmental inspection and regulations and work to comply in all material respects with applicable laws and regulations, we cannot be sure that consumption or use of our products will not cause illness or injury or that we will not be subject to claims, lawsuits, or government investigations relating to such matters, resulting in costly product recalls and other liabilities that could adversely affect our business and results of operations. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, negative publicity could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential members and our corporate and brand image, and these effects could be long-term.

If we do not successfully develop and maintain a relevant omnichannel experience for our members, our results of operations could be adversely impacted.

Omnichannel retailing is rapidly evolving, and we must keep pace with changing member expectations and new developments by our competitors. Our members are increasingly using mobile phones, tablets, computers, and other devices to shop and to interact with us through social media, particularly in the wake of COVID-19. We are making investments in our websites and mobile applications. If we are unable to make, improve, or develop relevant member-facing technology in a timely manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected.

12

Table of Contents

Inability to attract, train and retain highly qualified employees could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our success depends on the continued contributions of our employees, including members of our senior management and other key operations, IT, merchandising and administrative personnel. Failure to identify and implement a succession plan for senior management could negatively impact our business. We must attract, train and retain a large and growing number of qualified employees, while controlling related labor costs and maintaining our core values. Our ability to control labor and benefit costs is subject to numerous internal and external factors, including the continuing impacts of the pandemic, regulatory changes, prevailing wage rates, and healthcare and other insurance costs. We compete with other retail and non-retail businesses for these employees and invest significant resources in training and motivating them. There is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified employees in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We may incur property, casualty or other losses not covered by our insurance.

Claims for employee health care benefits, workers’ compensation, general liability, property damage, directors’ and officers’ liability, vehicle liability, inventory loss, and other exposures are funded predominantly through self-insurance. Insurance coverage is maintained for certain risks to limit exposures arising from very large losses. The types and amounts of insurance may vary from time to time based on our decisions with respect to risk retention and regulatory requirements. Significant claims or events, regulatory changes, a substantial rise in costs of health care or costs to maintain our insurance or the failure to maintain adequate insurance coverage could have an adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations.

Although we maintain specific coverages for catastrophic property losses, we still bear a significant portion of the risk of losses incurred as a result of any physical damage to, or the destruction of, any warehouses, depots, manufacturing or home office facilities, loss or spoilage of inventory, and business interruption. Such losses could materially impact our cash flows and results of operations.

Market and Other External Risks

We face strong competition from other retailers and warehouse club operators, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The retail business is highly competitive. We compete for members, employees, sites, products and services and in other important respects with a wide range of local, regional and national wholesalers and retailers, both in the United States and in foreign countries, including other warehouse-club operators, supermarkets, supercenters, internet retailers, gasoline stations, hard discounters, department and specialty stores and operators selling a single category or narrow range of merchandise. Such retailers and warehouse club operators compete in a variety of ways, including pricing, selection and availability, services, location, convenience, store hours, and the attractiveness and ease of use of websites and mobile applications. The evolution of retailing in online and mobile channels has improved the ability of customers to comparison shop, which has enhanced competition. Some competitors have greater financial resources and technology capabilities, better access to merchandise, and greater market penetration than we do. Our inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures, changes in the retail markets or customer expectations could result in lost market share and negatively affect our financial results. 

General economic factors, domestically and internationally, may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Higher energy and gasoline costs, inflation, levels of unemployment, healthcare costs, consumer debt levels, foreign-currency exchange rates, unsettled financial markets, weaknesses in housing and real estate markets, reduced consumer confidence, changes and uncertainties related to government fiscal 

13

Table of Contents

and tax policies including changes in tax rates, duties, tariffs, or other restrictions, sovereign debt crises, pandemics and other health crises, and other economic factors could adversely affect demand for our products and services, require a change in product mix, or impact the cost of or ability to purchase inventory. Additionally, actions in various countries, particularly China, the United States and the United Kingdom, have raised the cost of many items and created uncertainty with respect to tariff impacts on the costs of some of our merchandise. The degree of our exposure is dependent on (among other things) the type of goods, rates imposed, and timing of the tariffs. The impact to our net sales and gross margin is influenced in part by our merchandising and pricing strategies in response to potential cost increases. While these potential impacts are uncertain, they could have an adverse impact on our results.

Prices of certain commodities, including gasoline and consumable goods used in manufacturing and our warehouse retail operations, are historically volatile and are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, inflationary pressures, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations, taxes and periodic delays in delivery. Rapid and significant changes in commodity prices and our ability and desire to pass them through to our members may affect our sales and profit margins. These factors could also increase our merchandise costs and selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our operations and financial results. General economic conditions can also be affected by events like the outbreak of war or acts of terrorism.

Inflationary factors such as increases in merchandise costs may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. If inflation on merchandise increases beyond our ability to control we may not be able to adjust prices to sufficiently offset the effect of the various cost increases without negatively impacting consumer demand. Certain merchandise categories were impacted by inflation higher than what we have experienced in recent years due to, among other things, the continuing impacts of the pandemic and uncertain economic environment. 

Suppliers may be unable to timely supply us with quality merchandise at competitive prices or may fail to adhere to our high standards, resulting in adverse effects on our business, merchandise inventories, sales, and profit margins.

We depend heavily on our ability to purchase quality merchandise in sufficient quantities at competitive prices. As the quantities we require continue to grow, we have no assurances of continued supply, appropriate pricing or access to new products, and any supplier has the ability to change the terms upon which they sell to us or discontinue selling to us. Member demands may lead to out-of-stock positions causing a loss of sales and profits.

We buy from numerous domestic and foreign manufacturers and importers. Our inability to acquire suitable merchandise on acceptable terms or the loss of key suppliers could negatively affect us. We may not be able to develop relationships with new suppliers, and products from alternative sources, if any, may be of a lesser quality or more expensive. Because of our efforts to adhere to high quality standards for which available supply may be limited, particularly for certain food items, the large volumes we demand may not be consistently available.

Our suppliers (and those they depend upon for materials and services) are subject to risks, including labor disputes, union organizing activities, financial liquidity, natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, public health emergencies, supply constraints and general economic and political conditions that could limit their ability to timely provide us with acceptable merchandise. One or more of our suppliers might not adhere to our quality control, packaging, legal, regulatory, labor, environmental or animal welfare standards. These deficiencies may delay or preclude delivery of merchandise to us and might not be identified before we sell such merchandise to our members. This failure could lead to recalls and litigation and otherwise damage our reputation and our brands, increase costs, and otherwise adversely impact our business.

14

Table of Contents

Fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.

During 2021, our international operations, including Canada, generated 28% and 36% of our net sales and operating income, respectively. Our international operations have accounted for an increasing portion of our warehouses, and we plan to continue international growth. To prepare our consolidated financial statements, we translate the financial statements of our international operations from local currencies into U.S. dollars using current exchange rates. Future fluctuations in exchange rates that are unfavorable to us may adversely affect the financial performance of our Canadian and Other International operations and have a corresponding adverse period-over-period effect on our results of operations. As we continue to expand internationally, our exposure to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates may increase.

A portion of the products we purchase is paid for in a currency other than the local currency of the country in which the goods are sold. Currency fluctuations may increase our merchandise costs and may not be passed on to members. Consequently, fluctuations in currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results of operations.

Natural disasters, extreme weather conditions, public health emergencies or other catastrophic events could negatively affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

Natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes, typhoons, floods, earthquakes, wildfires, droughts; acts of terrorism or violence, including active shooter situations; energy shortages; public health issues, including pandemics and quarantines, particularly in California or Washington state, where our centralized operating systems and administrative personnel are located, could negatively affect our operations and financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to our properties, limitations on store operating hours, less frequent visits by members to physical locations, the temporary closure of warehouses, depots, manufacturing or home office facilities, the temporary lack of an adequate work force, disruptions to our IT systems, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some local or overseas suppliers, the temporary disruption in the transport of goods to or from overseas, delays in the delivery of goods to our warehouses or depots, and the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our warehouses. Public health issues, whether occurring in the U.S. or abroad, could disrupt our operations, disrupt the operations of suppliers or members, or have an adverse impact on consumer spending and confidence levels. These events could also reduce demand for our products or make it difficult or impossible to procure products. We may be required to suspend operations in some or all of our locations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

The COVID-19 pandemic continues to affect our business, financial condition and results of operations in many respects.

The continuing impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic are highly unpredictable and volatile and are affecting certain business operations, demand for our products and services, in-stock positions, costs of doing business, availability of labor, access to inventory, supply chain operations, our ability to predict future performance, exposure to litigation, and our financial performance, among other things.

The pandemic has resulted in widespread and continuing impacts on the global economy and on our employees, members, suppliers and other people and entities with which we do business. There is considerable uncertainty regarding the extent to which COVID-19 will continue to spread and the extent and duration of measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, and business and government shutdowns. The pandemic and any preventative or protective actions that governments or we may take may result in business disruption, reduced member traffic and reduced sales in certain merchandise categories, and increased operating expenses. 

The pandemic is continuing to impact the global supply chain, with restrictions and limitations on business activities causing disruption and delay, which have strained certain domestic and international supply chains, and could continue to negatively affect the flow or availability of certain products. Member demand for certain products has and may continue to fluctuate as the pandemic progresses and member 

15

Table of Contents

behaviors change, which may challenge our ability to anticipate and/or adjust inventory levels to meet that demand. Similarly, increased demand for online purchases of products has impacted our fulfillment operations, resulting in delays in deliveries and lost sales from being out of stock for certain SKUs.

Failure to appropriately respond, or the perception of an inadequate response to evolving events around the pandemic, could cause reputational harm to our brand and subject us to lost sales, as well as claims from employees, members, suppliers, regulators or other parties. Additionally, a future outbreak of confirmed cases of COVID-19 in our facilities could result in temporary or sustained workforce shortages or facility closures, which would negatively impact our business and results of operations. Some jurisdictions have taken measures intended to expand the availability of workers compensation or to change the presumptions applicable to workers compensation measures. These actions may increase our exposure to claims and increase our costs.

Other factors and uncertainties include, but are not limited to:

•
The severity and duration of the pandemic, including future mutations or related variants of the virus in areas in which we operate;

•
Evolving macroeconomic factors, including general economic uncertainty, unemployment rates, and recessionary pressures;

•
Changes in labor markets affecting us and our suppliers;

•
Unknown consequences on our business performance and initiatives stemming from the substantial investment of time and other resources to the pandemic response;

•
The pace of recovery when the pandemic subsides.

•
The long-term impact of the pandemic on our business, including consumer behaviors; and

•
Disruption and volatility within the financial and credit markets.

To the extent that COVID-19 continues to adversely affect the U.S. and global economy, our business, results of operations, cash flows, or financial condition, it may also heighten other risks described in this section, including but not limited to those related to consumer behavior and expectations, competition, brand reputation, implementation of strategic initiatives, cybersecurity threats, payment-related risks, technology systems disruption, supply chain disruptions, labor availability and cost, litigation, operational risk as a result of remote work arrangements and regulatory requirements.

Factors associated with climate change could adversely affect our business.

We use natural gas, diesel fuel, gasoline, and electricity in our distribution and warehouse operations. Government regulations limiting carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions may increase compliance and merchandise costs, and other regulation affecting energy inputs could materially affect our profitability. Climate change, extreme weather conditions, wildfires, droughts and rising sea levels could affect our ability to procure commodities at costs and in quantities we currently experience. We also sell a substantial amount of gasoline, the demand for which could be impacted by concerns about climate change and which face increased regulation. 

Failure to meet financial market expectations could adversely affect the market price and volatility of our stock.

We believe that the price of our stock currently reflects high market expectations for our future operating results. Any failure to meet or delay in meeting these expectations, including our warehouse and e-commerce comparable sales growth rates, membership renewal rates, new member sign-ups, gross margin, earnings, earnings per share, new warehouse openings, or dividend or stock repurchase policies could cause the price of our stock to decline.

16

Table of Contents

Legal and Regulatory Risks

We are subject to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

At the end of 2021, we operated 251 warehouses outside of the U.S., and we plan to continue expanding our international operations. Future operating results internationally could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, many similar to those we face in the U.S., certain of which are beyond our control. These factors include political and economic conditions, regulatory constraints, currency regulations, policy changes such as the withdrawal of the U.K. from the European Union, and other matters in any of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future. Other factors that may impact international operations include foreign trade (including tariffs and trade sanctions), monetary and fiscal policies and the laws and regulations of the U.S. and foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having major facilities in locations which have been historically less stable than the U.S. Risks inherent in international operations also include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences, and difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights.

Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Accounting principles and related pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations we apply to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including self-insurance liabilities, are highly complex and involve subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. Changes in rules or interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance and have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

We are exposed to risks relating to evaluations of controls required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 requires management assessments of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting or disclosure controls and procedures, our ability to record, process and report financial information accurately and to prepare financial statements within required time periods could be adversely affected, which could subject us to litigation or investigations requiring management resources and payment of legal and other expenses, negatively affect investor confidence in our financial statements and adversely impact our stock price. 

Changes in tax rates, new U.S. or foreign tax legislation, and exposure to additional tax liabilities could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

We are subject to a variety of taxes and tax collection and remittance obligations in the U.S. and numerous foreign jurisdictions. Additionally, at any point in time, we may be under examination for value added, sales-based, payroll, product, import or other non-income taxes. We may recognize additional tax expense, be subject to additional tax liabilities, or incur losses and penalties, due to changes in laws, regulations, administrative practices, principles, assessments by authorities and interpretations related to tax, including tax rules in various jurisdictions. We compute our income tax provision based on enacted tax rates in the countries in which we operate. As tax rates vary among countries, a change in earnings attributable to the various jurisdictions in which we operate could result in an unfavorable change in our overall tax provision. Additionally, changes in the enacted tax rates or adverse outcomes in tax audits, including transfer pricing disputes, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations.

17

Table of Contents

Significant changes in or failure to comply with regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials, hazardous and non-hazardous wastes and other environmental matters could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations.

We are subject to a wide and increasingly broad array of federal, state, regional, local and international laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge and disposal of hazardous materials, hazardous and non-hazardous wastes and other environmental matters. Failure to comply with these laws could result in harm to our members, employees or others, significant costs to satisfy environmental compliance, remediation or compensatory requirements, or the imposition of severe penalties or restrictions on operations by governmental agencies or courts that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Operations at our facilities require the treatment and disposal of wastewater, stormwater and agricultural and food processing wastes, the use and maintenance of refrigeration systems, including ammonia-based chillers, noise, odor and dust management, the operation of mechanized processing equipment, and other operations that potentially could affect the environment and public health and safety. Failure to comply with current and future environmental, health and safety standards could result in the imposition of fines and penalties, illness or injury of our employees, and claims or lawsuits related to such illnesses or injuries, and temporary closures or limits on the operations of facilities.

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits and some of these outcomes could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our business requires compliance with many laws and regulations. Failure to achieve compliance could subject us to lawsuits and other proceedings, and lead to damage awards, fines, penalties, and remediation costs. We are or may become involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits, including grand jury investigations, government and agency investigations, and consumer, employment, tort, unclaimed property laws, and other litigation. We cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these proceedings and other contingencies, including environmental remediation and other proceedings commenced by governmental authorities. The outcome of some of these proceedings, audits, unclaimed property laws, and other contingencies could require us to take, or refrain from taking, actions which could negatively affect our operations or could require us to pay substantial amounts of money, adversely affecting our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, defending against these lawsuits and proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management
'
s attention and resources.

18

Table of Contents