Certain statements contained in this document constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. They include statements that address activities, events, conditions or developments that we expect or anticipate may occur in the future. Such forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that may cause
actual events, results or performance to differ materially from those indicated by such statements. 

7 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

The risks described below could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or
results of operations. These risks could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical experience and from results predicted by our forward-looking statements. Those statements may relate to such matters as sales growth,
increases in comparable store sales, impact of cannibalization, price changes, earnings performance, earnings per share, stock–based compensation expense, warehouse openings and closures, the effect of adopting certain accounting standards,
future financial reporting, financing, margins, return on invested capital, strategic direction, expense control, membership renewal rates, shopping frequency, litigation impact and the demand for our products and services. You should read these
 in conjunction with Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Item 7 of this Report and our consolidated financial statements and related notes in Item 8 of this Report.
There may be other factors that we cannot anticipate or that are not described in this report, generally because we do not presently perceive them to be material, that could cause results to differ materially from our expectations. Forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake to update these forward-looking statements. You are advised, however, to review any further disclosures we make on related subjects in our periodic filings with the SEC.

We face strong competition from other retailers and warehouse club operators, which could negatively affect our financial performance.

The retail business is highly competitive. We compete for members, employees, warehouse sites, products and services and in other important
respects with many other local, regional and national retailers, both in the United States and in foreign countries. We compete with other warehouse club operators, discount retailers, retail and wholesale grocers and general merchandise wholesalers
and distributors, as well as electronic commerce retailers, wholesalers and catalog businesses. Internationally, we compete with retailers who operate department, drug, variety and specialty stores, supermarkets, supercenter stores, warehouse clubs,
internet-based retailers and catalog businesses. Such retailers and warehouse club operators compete in a variety of ways, including merchandise pricing, selection and availability, services offered to members, location, store hours and price. Our
inability to respond effectively to competitive pressures and changes in the retail markets could negatively affect our financial performance. Some competitors may have greater financial resources, better access to merchandise, and/or greater market
penetration than we do. 

General economic factors, domestically and internationally, may adversely affect our financial performance.

Higher interest rates, energy costs, inflation, levels of unemployment, healthcare costs, consumer debt levels, unsettled financial markets, and
other economic factors could adversely affect demand for our products and services or require a change in the mix of products we sell. Prices of certain commodity products, including gasoline and other food products, are historically volatile and
are subject to fluctuations arising from changes in domestic and international supply and demand, labor costs, competition, market speculation, government regulations and periodic delays in delivery. Rapid and significant changes in commodity prices
may affect our sales and profit margins. These factors can also increase our merchandise costs and/or selling, general and administrative expenses, and otherwise adversely affect our operations and results. General economic conditions can also be
affected by the outbreak of war, acts of terrorism or other significant national or international events. 

8 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

Our growth strategy includes expanding our business, both in existing markets and in new markets.

Our future growth is dependent, in part, on our ability to build or lease new warehouses. We compete with other retailers and businesses for
suitable locations. Local land use and other regulations restricting the construction and operation of our warehouses, as well as local community actions opposed to the location of our warehouses at specific sites and the adoption of local laws
restricting our operations and environmental regulations may impact our ability to find suitable locations, and increase the cost of constructing, leasing and operating our warehouses. We also may have difficulty negotiating leases or real estate
purchase agreements on acceptable terms. Failure to manage these and other similar factors effectively will affect our ability to timely build or lease new warehouses, which may have a material adverse affect on our future growth and profitability.

We seek to expand our business in existing markets in order to attain a greater overall market share. Because our warehouses typically draw members
from their local areas, a new warehouse may draw members away from our nearby existing warehouses and may adversely affect comparable warehouse sales performance and member traffic at those existing warehouses. 

We also intend to open warehouses in new markets. The risks associated with entering a new market include difficulties in attracting members due to a lack of
familiarity with us, our lack of familiarity with local member preferences and seasonal differences in the market. In addition, entry into new markets may bring us into competition with new competitors or with existing competitors with a large,
established market presence. While we have a track record of profitable growth, in new markets we cannot ensure that our new warehouses will be profitably deployed; as a result, our future profitability may be delayed or otherwise materially
adversely affected. 

We are highly dependent on the financial performance of our United States and Canada operations. 

Our financial and operational performance is highly dependent on our United States and Canada operations, which comprised 93% and 94% of consolidated net sales in
fiscal 2008 and 2007, respectively, and 92% and 93% of operating income in 2008 and 2007, respectively. Within the United States, we are highly dependent on our California operations, which comprised 27% and 28% of consolidated net sales in 2008 and
2007, respectively. Our California market in general, has a larger percentage of higher volume warehouses as compared to our other markets. As a result, the operating income from our California operations is generally higher as a percentage of total
operating income than other regions. Any substantial slowing or sustained decline in these operations could materially adversely affect our business and financial results. Declines in financial performance of our United States operations,
particularly in California, and our Canada operations could arise from, among other things: failing to meet targets for warehouse openings; declines in actual or estimated comparable warehouse sales growth rates and expectations; negative trends in
operating expenses, including increased labor, healthcare and energy costs; cannibalizing existing locations with new warehouses; shifts in sales mix toward lower gross margin products; changes or uncertainties in economic conditions in our markets;
and failing consistently to provide high quality products and innovative new products to retain our existing member base and attract new members. 

We depend on vendors to timely supply us with quality merchandise at the right prices. 

We depend heavily on our ability to purchase
merchandise in sufficient quantities at competitive prices. We have no assurances of continued supply, pricing or access to new products, and any vendor could at any time change the terms upon which it sells to us or discontinue selling to us.
Member demands may lead to insufficient in-stock positions of our merchandise, leading to loss of sales. 

9 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

We purchase our merchandise from numerous domestic and foreign manufacturers and importers and have thousands
of vendor relationships. Our inability to acquire suitable merchandise on acceptable terms or the loss of key vendors could negatively affect us. We may not be able to develop relationships with new vendors, and products from alternative sources, if
any, may be of a lesser quality or more expensive than those from existing vendors. 

Our suppliers are subject to risks, including labor disputes,
union organizing activities, financial liquidity, inclement weather, natural disasters, supply constraints, and general economic and political conditions, that could limit their ability to timely provide us with acceptable merchandise. For these or
other reasons, one or more of our suppliers might not adhere to our quality control, legal or regulatory standards. These deficiencies may delay or preclude delivery of merchandise to us and might not be identified before we sell such merchandise to
our members. This failure could lead to litigation and recalls, which could damage our reputation and our brands, increase our costs, and otherwise hurt our business. 

In addition, the United States’ foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, security and safety regulations, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of
certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. 

We depend on our depot operations to effectively and efficiently supply product to our warehouses. 

We depend on the orderly operation
of the receiving and distribution process, primarily through our depots. Although we believe that our receiving and distribution process is efficient, unforeseen disruptions in operations due to fires, hurricanes or other catastrophic events, labor
disagreements or shipping problems, may result in delays in the delivery of merchandise to our warehouses. 

We may not timely identify or
effectively respond to consumer trends, which could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products and services, and our market share. 

It is difficult to consistently and successfully predict the products and services our members will demand. The success of our business depends in part on our ability to identify and respond to evolving
trends in demographics and consumer preferences. Failure to timely identify or effectively respond to changing consumer tastes, preferences and spending patterns could negatively affect our relationship with our members, the demand for our products
and services and our market share. If we are not successful at predicting our sales trends and adjusting our purchases accordingly, we may have excess inventory, which could result in additional markdowns and reduce our operating performance. This
could have an adverse effect on margins and operating income. 

Our failure to maintain positive membership loyalty and brand recognition could
adversely affect our financial results. 

Damage to our brands or reputation may negatively impact comparable warehouse sales, lower employee
morale and productivity, and diminish member trust, resulting in a reduction in shareholder value. 

10 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

Changes in accounting standards and subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management related to
complex accounting matters could significantly affect our financial results. 

Generally accepted accounting principles and related accounting
pronouncements, implementation guidelines and interpretations with regard to a wide range of matters that are relevant to our business, including but not limited to, revenue recognition, sales returns reserves, impairment of long-lived assets and
warehouse closing costs, inventories, self-insurance, income taxes, unclaimed property laws and litigation, are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by our management. Changes in these rules or their
interpretation or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management could significantly change our reported or expected financial performance. 

Failure of our internal control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely. 

Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. Internal control over financial reporting includes: maintaining records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect our
transactions; providing reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary for preparation of the financial statements; providing reasonable assurance that our receipts and expenditures of our assets are made in accordance with
management authorization; and providing reasonable assurance that unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements would be prevented or detected on a timely basis. Because of
its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting is not intended to provide absolute assurance that a misstatement of our financial statements would be prevented or detected. Any failure to maintain an effective system of internal
control over financial reporting could limit our ability to report our financial results accurately and timely or to detect and prevent fraud. 

Our international operations subject us to risks associated with the legislative, judicial, accounting, regulatory, political and economic factors specific to the countries or regions in which we operate, which could adversely affect our
financial performance. 

Our international operations could form a larger portion of our business in future years. Future operating results
internationally could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, many beyond our control. These factors include political conditions, economic conditions, regulatory constraints, currency regulations and exchange rates, and other matters in any
of the countries or regions in which we operate, now or in the future. Other factors that may impact international operations include foreign trade, monetary and fiscal policies both of the United States and of other countries, laws and regulations
of foreign governments, agencies and similar organizations, and risks associated with having major facilities located in countries which have been historically less stable than the United States. Risks inherent in international operations also
include, among others, the costs and difficulties of managing international operations, adverse tax consequences and greater difficulty in enforcing intellectual property rights. Additionally, foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations may
have an impact on our future costs or on future cash flows from our international operations. 

Market expectations for our financial performance
is high. 

We believe that the price of our stock reflects high market expectations for our future operating results. Any failure to meet these
expectations, including our comparable warehouse sales growth rates, earn-

11 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

ings and earnings per share or new warehouse openings, could cause the market price of our stock to decline. 

We rely extensively on computer systems to process transactions, summarize results and manage our business. Disruptions in both our primary and secondary (back-up) systems could harm our ability to run
our business. 

Although we have independent, redundant, and primary and secondary computer systems, given the number of individual transactions we
have each year, it is critical that we maintain uninterrupted operation of our business-critical computer systems. Our computer systems, including our back-up systems, are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and
telecommunications failures, computer viruses, internal or external security breaches, catastrophic events such as fires, earthquakes, tornadoes and hurricanes, and/or errors by our employees. If our computer systems and our back-up systems are
damaged or cease to function properly, we may have to make significant investment to fix or replace them, and we may suffer interruptions in our operations in the interim. Any material interruption in both of our computer systems and back-up systems
may have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

Natural disasters could unfavorably affect our financial
performance. 

The occurrence of natural disasters, such as hurricanes or earthquakes, particularly in California, or in Washington state, where
our centralized operating systems and administrative personnel are located, could unfavorably affect our operations and financial performance. Such events could result in physical damage to one or more of our properties, the temporary closure of one
or more warehouses or depots, the temporary lack of an adequate work force in a market, the temporary or long-term disruption in the supply of products from some local and overseas suppliers, the temporary disruption in the transport of goods from
overseas, delays in the delivery of goods to our depots or warehouses within a country in which we operate and the temporary reduction in the availability of products in our warehouses. 

We are subject to a wide variety of federal, state, regional, local and international laws and regulations relating to the use, storage, discharge, and disposal of hazardous materials and hazardous and
non-hazardous wastes, and other environmental matters. 

Any failure to comply with these laws could result in costs to satisfy environmental
compliance, remediation or compensatory requirements, or the imposition of severe penalties or restrictions on operations by governmental agencies or courts that could adversely affect our operations. 

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings and audits, and while we cannot predict the outcomes of such proceedings and other contingencies with
certainty, some of these outcomes may unfavorably affect our operations or increase our costs. 

We are involved in a number of legal proceedings
and audits, including grand jury investigations, other government investigations, consumer, employment, tort and other litigation. We cannot predict with certainty the outcomes of these legal proceedings and other contingencies, including
environmental remediation and other proceedings commenced by governmental authorities. The outcome of some of these legal proceedings and other contingencies could require us to take or refrain from taking actions which could unfavorably affect our
operations or could require us to pay substantial amounts of money. Additionally, defending against these lawsuits and proceedings may involve significant expense and diversion of management’s attention and resources. Our business requires
compliance with a great variety of laws and regulations. Failure to achieve compliance could subject us to lawsuits and other proceedings, and lead to damage awards, fines and penalties. 

12 

Table of Contents

Item 1A—Risk Factors (Continued) 

We are subject to the risk of product liability claims, including claims concerning food and prepared food
products. 

The sale of food and prepared food products for human consumption involves the risk of injury to our members. Such injuries may result
from tampering by unauthorized third parties, product contamination or spoilage, including the presence of foreign objects, substances, chemicals, other agents, or residues introduced during the growing, storage, handling and transportation phases.
While we are subject to governmental inspection and regulations and believe our facilities comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and regulations, we cannot be sure that consumption of our products will not cause a health-related
illness in the future or that we will not be subject to claims or lawsuits relating to such matters. Even if a product liability claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued, the negative publicity surrounding any assertion that our products caused
illness or injury could adversely affect our reputation with existing and potential members and our corporate and brand image. 

Our success
depends, in part on the continued contributions of management and on our ability to attract, train and retain highly qualified employees. 

Our
success depends to a significant degree on the continued contributions of members of our senior management and other key operations, merchandising and administrative personnel, and the loss of any such person(s) could have a material adverse effect.
Other than an annual agreement with our President and CEO, Mr. Sinegal, we have no employment agreements with our officers. We must attract, train and retain a large and growing number of highly qualified employees, while controlling related
labor costs. Our ability to control labor costs is subject to numerous external factors, including prevailing wage rates and healthcare and other insurance costs. We compete with other retail and non-retail businesses for these employees and invest
significant resources in training and motivating them. There is no assurance that we will be able to attract or retain highly qualified employees in the future, which could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business, results of
operations and financial condition. The Company does not maintain key man insurance. 

If we do not maintain the privacy and security of
member-related information, we could damage our reputation with members, incur substantial additional costs and become subject to litigation. 

We
receive and retain certain personal information about our members. In addition, our online operations at www.costco.com and www.costco.ca depend upon the secure transmission of confidential information over public networks, including information
permitting cashless payments. A compromise of our security systems or those of other business partners that results in our member’s personal information being obtained by unauthorized persons could adversely affect our reputation with our
members and others, as well as our operations, results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and could result in litigation against us or the imposition of penalties. In addition, a security breach could require that we expend
significant additional resources related to the security of information systems and could result in a disruption of our operations, particularly our online sales operations. 

Additionally, the use of individually identifiable data by our business and our business associates is regulated at the international, federal and state levels. Privacy and information security laws
and regulations change, and compliance with them may result in cost increases due to necessary systems changes and the development of new administrative processes. If we or those with whom we share information fail to comply with these laws and
regulations or experience a data security breach, our reputation could be damaged, possibly resulting in lost future business, and we could be subjected to additional legal risk as a result of non-compliance.