You should carefully consider the
risks described below before investing in our publicly traded securities. The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. Our business is also subject to the risks that affect many other companies, such as competition, technological
obsolescence, labor relations, general economic conditions, geopolitical events and international operations. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair our business, operations, financial
condition and liquidity. 

Risks Relating to Our Business 

We face the following risks in connection with the general conditions and trends of the industry in which we operate. 

We may be unable to effectively introduce and market new products or may fail to keep pace with advances in technology. 

The healthcare industry is characterized by continuous technological change, resulting in changing customer preferences and requirements. The success of our business depends on our ability to introduce new products
and adapt to these changing technologies and customer demands. The success of new product development depends on many factors, including our ability to anticipate and satisfy customer needs, obtain regulatory and reimbursement approvals on a timely
basis, develop and manufacture products in a cost-effective and timely manner, maintain advantageous positions with respect to intellectual property and differentiate our products from those of our competitors. To compete successfully in the
marketplace, we must make substantial investments in new product development whether internally or externally through licensing or acquisitions. Our failure to introduce new and innovative products in a timely manner would have an adverse effect on
our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

10 

Table of Contents

Even if we are able to develop, manufacture and obtain regulatory and reimbursement approvals for our new
products, the success of those products depends on market acceptance. Market acceptance for our new products could be affected by several factors, including: 

•

 the availability of alternative products from our competitors; 

•

 the price of our products relative to that of our competitors; 

•

 the timing of our market entry; and 

•

 our ability to market and distribute our products effectively. 

Sales of our products are affected by the reimbursement practices of a small number of large public and private insurers. 

Sales of our products depend, in part, on the extent to which the costs of our products are reimbursed by governmental health administration authorities, private health coverage insurers and other third-party payors.
Our potential customers’ ability to obtain appropriate reimbursement for products and services from these third-party payors affects the selection of products they purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. In addition, demand for new
products may be limited unless we obtain reimbursement approval from governmental and private third-party payors prior to introduction. Reimbursement criteria vary by country, are becoming increasingly stringent and require management expertise and
significant attention to obtain and maintain qualification for reimbursement. 

Major third-party payors for healthcare services both within
and outside of the United States continue to work to contain costs through, among other things, the introduction of cost containment incentives and closer scrutiny of healthcare expenditures. The implementation of healthcare reforms both within and
outside of the United States may reduce the level at which reimbursement is provided and adversely affect demand for and profitability of our products. Legislative or administrative reforms to U.S. or non-U.S. reimbursement practices that
significantly reduce or deny reimbursement for treatments using our products could adversely affect the acceptance of our products and the prices for which our customers are willing to pay and could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Cost-containment efforts of our customers, purchasing groups, third-party
payors and governmental organizations could adversely affect our sales and profitability. 

Many existing and potential customers for our
products within the United States have become members of GPOs and IDNs, in an effort to reduce costs. GPOs and IDNs negotiate pricing arrangements with healthcare product manufacturers and distributors and offer the negotiated prices to affiliated
hospitals and other members. GPOs and IDNs typically award contracts on a category-by-category basis through a competitive bidding process. Bids are generally solicited from multiple manufacturers with the intention of driving down pricing. Due to
the highly competitive nature of the GPO and IDN contracting processes, we may not be able to obtain or maintain contract positions with major GPOs and IDNs across our product portfolio. 

Furthermore, the increasing leverage of organized buying groups may reduce market prices for our products, thereby reducing our profitability.

While having a contract with a GPO or IDN for a given product category can facilitate sales to members of that GPO or IDN, such contract
position can offer no assurance that sales volumes of those products will be maintained. GPOs and IDNs increasingly are awarding contracts to multiple suppliers for the same product category. Even when we are the sole contracted supplier of a GPO or
IDN for a certain product category, members of the GPO or IDN generally are free to purchase from other suppliers. Furthermore, GPO and IDN contracts typically are terminable without cause upon 60 to 90 days’ notice. Accordingly, although we
have multiple contracts with many major GPOs and IDNs, the members of such groups may choose to purchase from our competitors due to the price or quality offered by such competitors, which could result in a decline in our sales and profitability.

11 

Table of Contents

Distributors of our products also have begun to negotiate terms of sale more aggressively to increase
their profitability. Failure to negotiate distribution arrangements having advantageous pricing and other terms of sale could cause us to lose market share and would adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
flows. 

Outside the United States, we have experienced pricing pressure from centralized governmental healthcare authorities and increased
efforts by such authorities to lower healthcare costs. We frequently are required to engage in competitive bidding for the sale of our products to governmental purchasing agents. Our failure to offer acceptable prices to these customers could
adversely affect our sales and profitability in these markets. 

We may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights or may
infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. 

We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets and
nondisclosure agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights may not be sufficient. We cannot assure that our pending patent applications will result in the
issuance of patents to us, that patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors or that these patents will be found to be valid or sufficiently broad to preclude our competitors
from introducing technologies similar to those covered by our patents and patent applications. In addition, our ability to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights may be limited in certain countries outside the United States, which
could make it easier for competitors to capture market position in such countries by utilizing technologies that are similar to those developed or licensed by us. Competitors also may harm our sales by designing products that mirror the capabilities
of our products or technology without infringing our intellectual property rights. If we do not obtain sufficient protection for our intellectual property, or if we are unable to effectively enforce our intellectual property rights, our
competitiveness could be impaired, which would limit our growth and future revenue. 

We operate in an industry characterized by extensive
patent litigation. Patent litigation is costly to defend and can result in significant damage awards, including treble damages under certain circumstances, and injunctions that could prevent the manufacture and sale of affected products or force us
to make significant royalty payments in order to continue selling the affected products. At any given time, we are involved as either a plaintiff or a defendant in a number of patent infringement actions, the outcomes of which may not be known for
prolonged periods of time. We can expect to face additional claims of patent infringement in the future. A successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement against us could adversely affect our business, results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows. 

We are subject to complex and costly regulation. 

Our products are subject to regulation by the FDA and other national, supranational, federal and state governmental authorities. It can be costly and
time-consuming to obtain regulatory approvals to market a medical device or pharmaceutical product. Approvals might not be granted for new devices or drugs on a timely basis, if at all. Regulations are subject to change as a result of legislative,
administrative or judicial action, which may further increase our costs or reduce sales. Our failure to maintain approvals or obtain approval for new products could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
flows. 

We also rely on licenses from the DEA to purchase raw materials used in many of our pharmaceutical products and to manufacture and
distribute such products. Our failure to maintain these licenses could adversely affect our pharmaceutical products business. 

In addition,
we are subject to regulations covering manufacturing practices, product labeling and advertising and adverse-event reporting that apply after we have obtained approval to sell a product. Many of our facilities and procedures and those of our
suppliers are subject to ongoing oversight, including periodic inspection by governmental authorities. Compliance with production, safety, quality control and quality assurance regulations is costly and time-consuming. 

12 

Table of Contents

Our manufacturing facilities and those of our suppliers could be subject to significant adverse
regulatory actions in the future. These actions could include warning letters, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, recalls, seizures of our products and criminal prosecution. Possible consequences of such actions could include: 

•

 substantial modifications to our business practices and operations; 

•

 a total or partial shutdown of production in one or more of our facilities while we remediate the alleged violation; 

•

 the inability to obtain future pre-market clearances or approvals; and 

•

 withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market. 

Any of these events, in combination or individually, could disrupt our business and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

The manufacture of our products is highly exacting and complex, and our business could suffer if we or our suppliers encounter manufacturing
problems. 

The manufacture of our products is highly exacting and complex, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. Problems may
arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, defective raw materials and environmental factors. If problems arise during the production of a batch of
product, that entire batch of product may have to be discarded. These problems could lead to increased costs, lost revenue, damage to customer relationships, time and expense spent investigating the cause and, depending on the cause, similar losses
with respect to other products. If problems are not discovered before the product is released to the market, we also could incur recall and product liability costs. Significant manufacturing problems could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Defects or failures associated with our products could lead to
recalls or safety alerts and negative publicity. 

Manufacturing flaws, component failures, design defects, off-label uses or inadequate
disclosure of product-related information could result in an unsafe condition or the injury or death of a patient. These problems could lead to a recall of, or issuance of a safety alert relating to, our products and result in significant costs and
negative publicity. Due to the strong name recognition of our brands, an adverse event involving one of our products could result in reduced market acceptance and demand for all products within that brand, and could harm our reputation and our
ability to market our products in the future. In some circumstances, adverse events arising from or associated with the design, manufacture or marketing of our products could result in the suspension or delay of regulatory reviews of our
applications for new product approvals. We also may undertake voluntarily to recall products or temporarily shut down production lines based on internal safety and quality monitoring and testing data. Any of the foregoing problems could disrupt our
business and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We may incur
product liability losses and other litigation liability. 

In the ordinary course of business, we are subject to product liability claims
and lawsuits, including potential class actions, alleging that our products have resulted or could result in an unsafe condition or injury. Any product liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could be costly to defend and could
result in an increase of our insurance premiums. Some claims brought against us might not be covered by our insurance policies. In addition, we have significant self-insured retention amounts which we would have to pay in full before obtaining any
insurance proceeds to satisfy a judgment or settlement. Furthermore, even where the claim is covered by our insurance, our insurance coverage might be inadequate and we would have to pay the amount 

13 

Table of Contents

of any settlement or judgment that is in excess of our policy limits. We may not be able to obtain insurance on terms acceptable to us or at all since
insurance varies in cost and can be difficult to obtain. Our failure to maintain adequate insurance coverage or successfully defend against product liability claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows. 

We are subject to antitrust claims and lawsuits in which competitors allege that we use our market
position to exclude competitors from certain markets and to prevent customers from purchasing the competitors’ products. We also are subject to consumer antitrust class action lawsuits in which the putative class representatives, on behalf of
themselves and other customers, seek to recover overcharges they allege that they paid for certain products. Any antitrust claim brought against us, with or without merit, could be costly to defend and could result in significant damages against us.

An interruption in our ability to manufacture our products or an inability to obtain key components or raw materials may adversely
affect our business. 

Many of our key products are manufactured at single locations, with limited alternate facilities. If an event
occurs that results in damage to one or more of our facilities, we may be unable to manufacture the relevant products at previous levels or at all. In addition, for reasons of quality assurance or cost effectiveness, we purchase certain components
and raw materials from sole suppliers. Due to the stringent regulations and requirements of the FDA and other similar non-U.S. regulatory agencies regarding the manufacture of our products, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or
replacement sources for certain components or materials. A reduction or interruption in manufacturing, or an inability to secure alternative sources of raw materials or components, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We have experienced and may continue to experience higher costs to produce our products
as a result of rising prices for oil, gas and other commodities. 

We use resins, other petroleum-based materials and pulp as raw
materials in many of our products. Prices of oil and gas also significantly affect our costs for freight and utilities. Oil, gas and pulp prices are volatile and have increased in recent years, resulting in higher costs to produce and distribute our
products. Due to the highly competitive nature of the healthcare industry and the cost-containment efforts of our customers and third party payors, we may be unable to pass along cost increases through higher prices. If these higher costs continue
and we are unable fully to recover these costs through price increases or offset these increases through other cost reductions, we could experience lower margins and profitability and our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

Divestitures of some of our businesses or product lines may materially adversely
affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We continue to evaluate the performance of all of our businesses
and may sell a business or product line. Any divestitures may result in significant write-offs, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. Divestitures could involve additional risks, including difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel, the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, the disruption of
our business and the potential loss of key employees. We may not be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that we encounter in divesting a business or product line. 

We may not be successful in our strategic acquisitions of, investments in or alliances with, other companies and businesses, and acquisitions could
require us to issue additional debt or equity. 

We may pursue acquisitions of complementary businesses, technology licensing
arrangements and strategic alliances to expand our product offerings and geographic presence as part of our business strategy. We may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and we may not realize
the 

14 

Table of Contents

expected benefits of any acquisition, license arrangement or strategic alliance. Other companies may compete with us for these strategic opportunities. Even
if we are successful in making an acquisition, the products and technologies that we acquire may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than we originally anticipated. We also could experience negative
effects on our results of operations and financial condition from acquisition-related charges, amortization of intangible assets and asset impairment charges. These effects, individually or in the aggregate, could cause a deterioration of our credit
rating and result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense. We could experience difficulties in integrating geographically separated organizations, systems and facilities, and personnel with diverse backgrounds. Integration of an acquired
business also may require management resources that otherwise would be available for development of our existing business. If an acquired business fails to operate as anticipated or cannot be successfully integrated with our existing business, our
business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

In connection with
acquisitions, we may incur or assume significant debt and unknown or contingent liabilities, such as environmental remediation expense, products liability, patent infringement claims or other unknown liabilities. Financing for acquisitions could
decrease our ratio of earnings to fixed charges and adversely affect our borrowing capacity. Furthermore, acquisition financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms if and when required. If we were to undertake an acquisition by issuing
equity securities, the acquisition could have a dilutive effect on the interests of the holders of our common shares. 

We face
significant competition and may not be able to compete effectively. 

We compete with many companies ranging from other multinationals to
start-up companies. Competition takes many forms, including price reductions on products that are comparable to our own, development of new products that are more cost-effective or have superior performance than our current products, and the
introduction of generic versions when our proprietary products lose their patent protection. Our current or future products could be rendered obsolete or uneconomical as a result of this competition. Our failure to compete effectively could cause us
to lose market share to our competitors and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We also face competition for marketing, distribution and collaborative development agreements, for establishing relationships with academic and research institutions, and for licenses to intellectual property. In
addition, academic institutions, governmental agencies and other public and private research organizations also may conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for discovery, research, clinical development and
marketing of products similar to ours. These companies and institutions compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel as well as in acquiring necessary product technologies. 

We are subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the United States. 

Our operations outside of the United States are subject to risks that are inherent in conducting business under non-U.S. laws, regulations and customs.
Sales outside of the United States made up approximately 45% of our net sales in fiscal 2008 and we expect that non-U.S. sales will contribute significantly to future growth. The risks associated with our operations outside the United States
include: 

•

 changes in non-U.S. medical reimbursement policies and programs; 

•

 multiple non-U.S. regulatory requirements that are subject to change and that could restrict our ability to manufacture and sell our products;

•

 possible failure to comply with anti-bribery laws such as the FCPA and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions; 

•

 different local product preferences and product requirements; 

•

 trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

15 

Table of Contents

•

 difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing non-U.S. operations; 

•

 different labor regulations; 

•

 changes in environmental, health and safety laws; 

•

 potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws; 

•

 political instability and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts; 

•

 economic instability and inflation, recession or interest rate fluctuations; and 

•

 minimal or diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries. 

These risks, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
flows. 

Foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results. 

We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Approximately 45% of
our net sales for fiscal 2008 were derived from sales in non-U.S. markets, and we expect sales from non-U.S. markets to continue to represent a significant portion of our net sales. Therefore, if the U.S. dollar strengthens in relation to the
currencies of other countries where we sell our products, such as the euro, our U.S. dollar reported revenue and income will decrease. Changes in the relative values of currencies occur regularly and, in some instances, may have a significant effect
on our operating results. 

Most of our customer relationships outside of the United States are with governmental entities and we could
be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions. 

The FCPA and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Because
of the predominance of government-sponsored healthcare systems around the world, most of our customer relationships outside of the United States are with governmental entities and are therefore subject to such anti-bribery laws. Our policies mandate
compliance with these anti-bribery laws. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree, and in certain circumstances strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and
practices. Despite our training and compliance programs, our internal control policies and procedures may not always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. As noted in the Legal Proceedings discussion in Part
I, Item 3 of this annual report, Tyco International has disclosed to the Department of Justice (DOJ) and SEC potential non-compliance with the FCPA. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and
result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We are subject to healthcare
fraud and abuse regulations that could result in significant liability, require us to change our business practices and restrict our operations in the future. 

We are subject to various federal, state and local laws targeting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry, including anti-kickback and false claims laws. Violations of these laws are punishable by criminal or civil
sanctions, including substantial fines, imprisonment and exclusion from participation in healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid and health programs outside the United States. These laws and regulations are wide ranging and subject to
changing interpretation and application, which could restrict our sales or marketing practices. Furthermore, since many of our customers rely on reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid and other governmental programs to cover a substantial portion of
their expenditures, our exclusion from such programs as a result of a violation of these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

16 

Table of Contents

Our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities, litigation and
violations. 

We are subject to numerous federal, state, local and non-U.S. environmental protection and health and safety laws
governing, among other things: 

•

 the generation, storage, use and transportation of hazardous materials; 

•

 emissions or discharges of substances into the environment; 

•

 investigation and remediation of hazardous substances or materials at various sites; and 

•

 the health and safety of our employees. 

We may not have been, or we may not at all times be, in compliance with environmental and health and safety laws. If we violate these laws, we could be fined, criminally charged or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. Environmental laws
outside of the United States are becoming more stringent resulting in increased costs and compliance burdens. 

Certain environmental laws
assess liability on current or previous owners or operators of real property for the costs of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous substances or materials at their properties or at properties at which they have disposed of hazardous
substances. Liability for investigative, removal and remedial costs under certain federal and state laws are retroactive, strict and joint and several. In addition to cleanup actions brought by governmental authorities, private parties could bring
personal injury or other claims due to the presence of, or exposure to, hazardous substances. We have received notification from the EPA and similar state environmental agencies that conditions at a number of formerly owned sites where we and others
have disposed of hazardous substances require investigation, cleanup and other possible remedial action and may require that we reimburse the government or otherwise pay for the costs of investigation and remediation and for natural resource damage
claims from such sites. 

While we have budgeted for future capital and operating expenditures to maintain compliance with environmental
laws, our costs of complying with current or future environmental protection and health and safety laws, or our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances may exceed our estimates or adversely affect
our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We may also be subject to additional environmental claims for personal injury or cleanup in the future based on our past, present or future business activities. 

The volatility and disruption of the capital and credit markets and adverse changes in the global economy may negatively impact our business and our
ability to access financing. 

We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties, including commercial banks, investment
banks and customers (which include distributors, governments and healthcare organizations) that may experience liquidity issues in the current economic environment. Any such issues may impact these parties’ ability to fulfill contractual
obligations to us or might limit or place burdensome conditions upon future transactions with us. Customers may also reduce spending during times of economic uncertainty, and it is possible that suppliers may be negatively impacted. Decreased
consumer spending levels, increased difficulty in collecting accounts receivable and increased pressure on prices for our products and services could all result in decreased revenues and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

In addition, although we intend to finance expansion and renovation projects with existing
cash, cash flow from operations and borrowing under our existing commercial paper or senior credit facility, we may require additional financing to support our continued growth. Due to the existing uncertainty in the capital and credit markets,
however, our access to capital may not be available on terms acceptable to the Company or at all.

Further, general economic conditions have
resulted in severe downward pressure on the stock and credit markets, which could reduce the return available on invested corporate cash, reduce the return on investments under pension plans and thereby potentially increase funding obligations, all
of which, if severe and sustained, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

17 

Table of Contents

We have disclosed a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting relating to our
accounting for income taxes which could adversely affect our ability to report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows accurately and on a timely basis. 

In connection with our assessment of internal control over financial reporting under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we identified a
material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting relating to our accounting for income taxes as of September 26, 2008. For a discussion of our internal control over financial reporting and a description of the identified
material weakness, see “Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting” under Item 9A, “Controls and Procedures.” 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company’s
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. As a result of the deficiencies, it is reasonably possible that internal controls over financial reporting may not have prevented or detected errors that
could have been material, either individually or in the aggregate. While considerable actions have been taken to improve our internal controls in response to the identified material weakness related to certain aspects of accounting for income taxes,
and further action steps to strengthen controls have been taken, we have determined that further improvements are required in our tax accounting processes before we can consider the material weakness remediated. Our material weakness in controls
over accounting for income taxes will not be considered remediated until new internal controls are operational for a period of time and are tested, and management and our independent registered public accounting firm conclude that these controls are
operating effectively. 

A material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting could adversely impact our ability to provide
timely and accurate financial information. If we are unsuccessful in implementing or following our remediation plan, we may not be able to accurately report our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows or maintain effective internal
controls over financial reporting. If we are unable to report financial information timely and accurately or to maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures, we could be subject to, among other things, regulatory or enforcement actions by
the SEC and the New York Stock Exchange, including a delisting from the New York Stock Exchange, securities litigation, debt rating agency downgrades or rating withdrawals and a general loss of investor confidence, any one of which could adversely
affect the valuation of our common stock and could adversely affect our business prospects. 

Risks Relating to Our Separation from Tyco International

Our combined financial information for periods prior to June 29, 2007, is not necessarily representative of the results we
would have achieved as an independent, publicly-traded company and may not be a reliable indicator of our future results. 

The combined
financial information included in this annual report for periods prior to June 29, 2007 does not necessarily reflect the results of operations, financial condition or cash flows that we would have achieved as an independent, publicly-traded
company or those that we will achieve in the future, primarily as a result of the following factors: 

•

 Prior to the separation, our business was operated by Tyco International as part of its broader corporate organization, rather than as an independent,
publicly-traded company. In addition, prior to our separation, Tyco International and its affiliates performed significant corporate functions for us, including tax and treasury administration and certain governance functions, including internal
audit and external reporting. Our historical combined financial statements reflect allocations of corporate expenses from Tyco International for these and similar functions. 

•

 Our working capital requirements and capital for our general corporate purposes, including acquisitions and capital expenditures, historically have been satisfied
as part of the company-wide cash management practices of Tyco International. As an independent, publicly-traded company, we no 

18 

Table of Contents

longer obtain funds from Tyco International to finance our working capital or other cash requirements. Rather, we must obtain financing from banks, through
public offerings or private placements of debt or equity securities or other arrangements. 

•

 Other significant changes may occur in our cost structure, management, financing and business operations because we operate as a company separate from Tyco
International. 

We are responsible for a portion of Tyco International’s contingent and other corporate
liabilities, including those relating to litigation. 

On June 29, 2007, we entered into a Separation and Distribution Agreement and
a Tax Sharing Agreement with Tyco International and Tyco Electronics. Under the Separation and Distribution Agreement and other agreements, subject to certain exceptions contained in the Tax Sharing Agreement, we, Tyco International and Tyco
Electronics have agreed to assume and be responsible for 42%, 27% and 31%, respectively, of certain of Tyco International’s contingent and other corporate liabilities. All costs and expenses associated with the management of these contingent
and other corporate liabilities are shared equally among the parties. These contingent and other corporate liabilities primarily relate to consolidated securities litigation, any actions with respect to the separation plan or the distribution of
Covidien and Tyco Electronics common shares by Tyco International to its shareholders brought by any third party and tax liabilities for periods prior to and including the distribution date, June 29, 2007. For more information on the contingent
tax liabilities, see the risk factors relating to such liabilities below. Contingent and other corporate liabilities do not include liabilities that are specifically related to one of the three separated companies, which are allocated 100% to the
relevant company. 

If any party responsible for such liabilities were to default in its payment, when due, of any of these assumed
obligations, each non-defaulting party would be required to pay equally with any other non-defaulting party the amounts in default. Accordingly, under certain circumstances, we may be obligated to pay amounts in excess of our agreed-upon share of
the assumed obligations related to such contingent and other corporate liabilities, including associated costs and expenses. 

Many lawsuits
are outstanding against Tyco International. We do not believe that it is feasible to predict the final outcome or resolution of the unresolved proceedings. An adverse outcome from the unresolved proceedings or liabilities or other proceedings for
which we will assume joint and several liability under the Separation and Distribution Agreement could be material with respect to our results of operations and cash flows in any given reporting period. Furthermore, Tyco International has the right
to control the defense and settlement of the outstanding litigation, subject to certain limitations. The timing, nature and amount of any settlement may not be in our best interests. Also, in the event of any subsequent settlement, we may have
limited notice before we would be required to pay our portion of the settlement amount. 

We share responsibility for certain of our,
Tyco International’s and Tyco Electronics’ income tax liabilities for tax periods prior to and including June 29, 2007. 

Under the Tax Sharing Agreement, we share responsibility for certain of our, Tyco International’s and Tyco Electronics’ income tax liabilities based on a sharing formula for periods prior to and including June 29, 2007. More
specifically, we, Tyco International and Tyco Electronics will share 42%, 27% and 31%, respectively, of U.S. income tax liabilities that arise from adjustments made by tax authorities to our, Tyco International’s and Tyco Electronics’ U.S.
income tax returns, certain income tax liabilities arising from adjustments made by tax authorities to intercompany transactions or similar adjustments, and certain taxes attributable to internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the
separation. All costs and expenses associated with the management of these shared tax liabilities will be shared equally among the parties. We are responsible for all of our own taxes that are not shared pursuant to the Tax Sharing Agreement’s
sharing formula. In addition, Tyco International and Tyco Electronics are responsible for their tax liabilities that are not subject to the Tax Sharing Agreement’s sharing formula. 

19 

Table of Contents

All the tax liabilities that are associated with our businesses, including liabilities that arose prior
to our separation from Tyco International, have become our tax liabilities. Although we have agreed to share certain of these tax liabilities with Tyco International and Tyco Electronics pursuant to the Tax Sharing Agreement, we remain primarily
liable for all of these liabilities. If Tyco International and Tyco Electronics default on their obligations to us under the Tax Sharing Agreement, we would be liable for the entire amount of these liabilities. 

If any party to the Tax Sharing Agreement were to default in its obligation to another party to pay its share of the distribution taxes that arise as a
result of no party’s fault, each non-defaulting party would be required to pay, equally with any other non-defaulting party, the amounts in default. In addition, if another party to the Tax Sharing Agreement that is responsible for all or a
portion of an income tax liability were to default in its payment of such liability to a taxing authority, we could be legally liable under applicable tax law for such liabilities and be required to make additional tax payments. Accordingly, under
certain circumstances, we may be obligated to pay amounts in excess of our agreed-upon share of our, Tyco International’s and Tyco Electronics’ tax liabilities. 

Our, Tyco International’s and Tyco Electronics’ income tax returns are examined periodically by various tax authorities. In connection with such examinations, tax authorities, including the U.S. Internal
Revenue Service, have raised issues and proposed tax adjustments. We, Tyco International and Tyco Electronics are reviewing and contesting certain of the proposed tax adjustments. We provide reserves for potential payments of tax to various tax
authorities related to uncertain tax positions and other issues. Prior to September 29, 2007, these reserves were recorded when management determined that it was probable that a loss would be incurred related to these matters and the amount of
such loss was reasonably determinable. As of September 29, 2007, we adopted Financial Accounting Standards Board, (FASB) Interpretation No. (FIN) 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes.” As a result, reserves
subsequent to that date are based on a determination of whether and how much of a tax benefit we take in our tax filings or positions is more likely than not to be realized following resolution of any potential contingencies present related to the
tax benefit. Potential interest and penalties associated with such uncertain tax positions are recorded as components of income tax expense. We adjust these liabilities in light of changing facts and circumstances; however, due to the complexity of
some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities. If our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the ultimate assessment, we would
incur an additional charge to expense. If payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be less than the recorded amounts, the reversal of the liabilities generally would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the
liabilities are no longer necessary. Substantially all of these potential tax liabilities are recorded in non-current income taxes payable on the balance sheets as payment is not expected within one year. 

Under the Tax Sharing Agreement, Tyco International has the right to administer, control and settle all U.S. income tax audits for periods prior to and
including June 29, 2007. The timing, nature and amount of any settlement agreed to by Tyco International may not be in our best interests. Moreover, the other parties to the Tax Sharing Agreement will be able to remove Tyco International as the
controlling party only under limited circumstances, including a change of control or bankruptcy of Tyco International, or by a majority vote of the parties on or after June 29, 2009. All other tax audits will be administered, controlled and
settled by the party that would be responsible for paying the tax. 

One of our directors may have actual or potential conflicts of
interest because of his ongoing employment by Tyco International. 

One of our directors, Christopher J. Coughlin, is the Chief Financial
Officer of Tyco International, a position that could create, or appear to create, potential conflicts of interest when our and Tyco International’s management and directors face decisions that could have different implications for us or Tyco
International. For example, potential conflicts of interest could arise in connection with the resolution of any dispute between us and Tyco International regarding the terms of the Separation and Distribution Agreement and the Tax Sharing
Agreement. Tyco International will manage the ongoing shareholder litigation, subject to certain limitations, and may determine to settle such litigation at a time, on terms or for an amount not in our best interest. Potential 

20 

Table of Contents

conflicts of interest could also arise if we and Tyco International enter into any commercial arrangements with each other in the future. We expect that
Mr. Coughlin would recuse himself from any decisions and discussions relating to material matters between us and Tyco International. 

If the distribution of Covidien and Tyco Electronics common shares by Tyco International to its shareholders or certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the separation are determined to be taxable for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, we could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities. 

Tyco International has received private letter
rulings from the Internal Revenue Service regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the distribution of our common shares and Tyco Electronics common shares to the Tyco International shareholders substantially to the effect that the
distribution, except for cash received in lieu of a fractional share of our common shares and the Tyco Electronics common shares, will qualify as tax-free under Sections 368(a)(1)(D) and 355 of the Code. The private letter rulings also provided that
certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the separation would qualify for favorable treatment under the Code. In addition to obtaining the private letter rulings, Tyco International obtained opinions from the law firm of McDermott
Will & Emery LLP confirming the tax-free status of the distribution and certain internal transactions. The private letter rulings and the opinions relied on certain facts and assumptions, and certain representations and undertakings, from
us, Tyco Electronics and Tyco International regarding the past and future conduct of our respective businesses and other matters. Notwithstanding the private letter rulings and the opinions, the Internal Revenue Service could determine on audit that
the distribution or the internal transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if it determines that any of these facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings are not correct or have been violated, or that the distributions should be
taxable for other reasons, including as a result of significant changes in stock or asset ownership after the distribution. If the distribution ultimately is determined to be taxable, Tyco International would recognize a gain in an amount equal to
the excess of the fair market value of our common shares and Tyco Electronics common shares distributed to Tyco International shareholders on the distribution date over Tyco International’s tax basis in such common shares, but such gain, if
recognized, generally would not be subject to U.S. federal income tax. However, we would incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities if it ultimately is determined that certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the
separation should be treated as taxable transactions. 

In addition, under the terms of the Tax Sharing Agreement, in the event the
distribution or the internal transactions were determined to be taxable and such determination was the result of actions taken after the distribution by us, Tyco Electronics or Tyco International, the party responsible for such failure would be
responsible for all taxes imposed on us, Tyco Electronics and Tyco International as a result thereof. If such determination is not the result of actions taken after the distribution by us, Tyco Electronics or Tyco International, then we, Tyco
International and Tyco Electronics would be responsible for 42%, 27% and 31%, respectively, of any taxes imposed on us, Tyco International or Tyco Electronics as a result of such determination. Such tax amounts could be significant. In the event
that any party to the Tax Sharing Agreement defaults in its obligation to pay distribution taxes to another party that arise as a result of no party’s fault, each non-defaulting party would be responsible for an equal amount of the defaulting
party’s obligation to make a payment to another party in respect of such other party’s taxes. 

We might not be able to engage
in desirable strategic transactions and equity issuances because of restrictions relating to U.S. federal income tax requirements for tax-free distributions. 

Our ability to engage in significant equity transactions could be limited or restricted in order to preserve for U.S. federal income tax purposes the tax-free nature of the distribution of Covidien and Tyco
Electronics common shares by Tyco International to its shareholders. In addition, similar limitations and restrictions will apply to Tyco Electronics and Tyco International. The distribution may result in corporate level taxable gain to Tyco
International under Section 355(e) of the Code if 50% or more, by vote or value, of our common shares, 

21 

Table of Contents

Tyco Electronics’ common shares or Tyco International’s common shares are acquired or issued as part of a plan or series of related transactions
that includes the distribution. For this purpose, any acquisitions or issuances of Tyco International’s common shares within two years before the distribution, and any acquisitions or issuances of our common shares, Tyco Electronics’
common shares or Tyco International’s common shares within two years after the distribution, generally are presumed to be part of such a plan, although we, Tyco Electronics or Tyco International may be able to rebut that presumption. We are not
aware of any such acquisitions or issuances of Tyco International’s common shares within the two years before the distribution. If an acquisition or issuance of our common shares, Tyco Electronics’ common shares or Tyco
International’s common shares triggers the application of Section 355(e) of the Code, Tyco International would recognize taxable gain as described above, but such gain generally would not be subject to U.S. federal income tax. However,
certain subsidiaries of Tyco Electronics or Tyco International or subsidiaries of ours would incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities as a result of the application of Section 355(e) of the Code. 

Under the Tax Sharing Agreement, there are restrictions on our ability to take actions that could cause the distribution or certain internal transactions
undertaken in anticipation of the separation to fail to qualify as tax-favored transactions, including entering into, approving or allowing any transaction that results in a change in ownership of more than 35% of our common shares, a redemption of
equity securities, a sale or other disposition of a substantial portion of our assets, an acquisition of a business or assets with equity securities to the extent one or more persons would acquire 35% or more of our common shares, or engaging in
certain internal transactions. These restrictions apply for the two-year period after the distribution, unless we obtain the consent of the other parties or we obtain a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service or an unqualified
opinion of a nationally recognized law firm that such action will not cause the distribution or the internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the separation to fail to qualify as tax-favored transactions, and such letter ruling or opinion,
as the case may be, is acceptable to the parties. Tyco Electronics and Tyco International are subject to similar restrictions under the Tax Sharing Agreement. Moreover, the Tax Sharing Agreement generally provides that a party thereto is responsible
for any taxes imposed on any other party thereto as a result of the failure of the distribution or certain internal transactions to qualify as a tax-favored transaction under the Code if such failure is attributable to certain post-distribution
actions taken by or in respect of the responsible party or its shareholders, regardless of whether the actions occur more than two years after the distribution, the other parties consent to such actions or such party obtains a favorable letter
ruling or opinion of tax counsel as described above. For example, we would be responsible for a third party’s acquisition of us at a time and in a manner that would cause such failure. These restrictions may prevent us from entering into
transactions which might be advantageous to our shareholders. 

Risks Relating to Our Jurisdictions of Incorporation 

Legislation and negative publicity regarding Bermuda companies could increase our tax burden and adversely affect our business, results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows. 

Legislation Relating to Governmental Contracts 

Various U.S. federal and state legislative proposals that would deny governmental contracts to U.S. companies that move their corporate location abroad
may affect us. We are unable to predict the likelihood that, or final form in which, any such proposed legislation might become law, the nature of regulations that may be promulgated under any future legislative enactments, or the effect such
enactments and increased regulatory scrutiny may have on our business. In 2003, the State of California adopted legislation intended to limit the eligibility of certain Bermuda and other non-U.S. chartered companies to participate in certain state
contracts. 

Tax Legislation 

We continue to assess the impact of various U.S. federal and state legislative proposals, and modifications to existing tax treaties between the United States and other countries, that could result in a material increase in 

22 

Table of Contents

our U.S. federal and state taxes. In October 2004, the United States Congress enacted legislation affecting the tax treatment of U.S. companies that have
undertaken certain types of expatriation transactions. Such legislation did not, however, retroactively apply to us. More recently, several proposals were introduced in the United States House of Representatives and Senate that, if ultimately
enacted by the United States Congress, would limit treaty benefits on certain payments made by our U.S. subsidiaries to non-U.S. affiliates or otherwise could result in a material increase in U.S. federal and state taxes. We cannot predict the
outcome of any specific legislative proposals. However, if such proposals were to be enacted, or if modifications were to be made to certain existing tax treaties, the consequences could have a materially adverse impact on us, including
substantially reducing the benefits of our corporate structure, materially increasing our tax burden, or otherwise adversely affecting our results of operations, financial condition or cash flows. 

Negative Publicity 

There is
continuing negative publicity regarding, and criticism of, U.S. companies’ use of, or relocation to, offshore jurisdictions, including Bermuda. As a Bermuda company, this negative publicity could harm our reputation and impair our ability to
generate new business if companies or governmental agencies decline to do business with us as a result of any perceived negative public image of Bermuda companies or the possibility of our customers receiving negative media attention from doing
business with a Bermuda company. 

Bermuda law differs from the laws in effect in the United States and may afford less protection to
holders of our securities. 

It may not be possible to enforce court judgments obtained in the United States against us in Bermuda based
on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws. In addition, there is some uncertainty as to whether the courts of Bermuda would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or
officers based on the civil liabilities provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws or hear actions against us or those persons based on those laws. We have been advised that the United States currently does not have a treaty with
Bermuda providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any U.S. federal or state court based on civil liability, whether or not
based solely on U.S. federal or state securities laws, would not automatically be enforceable in Bermuda. 

As a Bermuda company, Covidien
Ltd. is governed by the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda, which differs in some material respects from laws generally applicable to U.S. corporations and shareholders, including, among others, differences relating to interested director and officer
transactions, shareholder lawsuits and indemnification. Likewise, the duties of directors and officers of a Bermuda company generally are owed to the company only. Shareholders of Bermuda companies generally do not have a personal right of action
against directors or officers of the company and may exercise such rights of action on behalf of the company only in limited circumstances. Under Bermuda law, a company also may agree to indemnify directors and officers for any personal liability,
not involving fraud or dishonesty, incurred in relation to the company. Thus, holders of Covidien Ltd. securities may have more difficulty protecting their interests than would holders of securities of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction of
the United States.