In evaluating our business, investors should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as other information contained in this annual report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may adversely affect our business. The occurrence of any of these events or circumstances could individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, financial condition and liquidity.

Risks Relating to Our Business

We face the following risks in connection with the general conditions and trends of the industries in which we operate.

We may be unable to effectively introduce and market new products or may fail to keep pace with advances in technology.

The healthcare industry is characterized by continuous technological change, resulting in changing customer preferences and requirements. The success of our business depends on our ability to introduce new products and adapt to these changing technologies and customer demands. To compete in the marketplace, we must make substantial investments in new product development whether internally or externally through licensing or acquisitions. Even if we are able to develop, manufacture and obtain regulatory and reimbursement approvals for our new products, the success of those products depends on market acceptance. Market acceptance for our new products could be affected by several factors, including:

•

the availability of alternative products from our competitors;

•

the price of our products;

•

the timing of our market entry; and

•

our ability to market and distribute our products effectively.

Our failure to introduce new and innovative products in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We face significant competition and may not be able to compete effectively.

We compete with many companies ranging from other multinationals to start-up companies. Competition takes many forms, including price reductions on products that are comparable to our own, development of new products that are more cost-effective or have superior performance than our current products, and the introduction of reprocessed products or generic versions when our proprietary products lose their patent protection. Our current or future products could be rendered obsolete or uneconomic as a result of this competition. We may also face competition from distributors who are expanding their private label portfolios and aggressively marketing their private label product lines. Our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We also face competition for marketing, distribution and collaborative development agreements, for establishing relationships with academic and research institutions, and for licenses to intellectual property. In addition, academic institutions, governmental agencies and other public and private research organizations also may conduct research, seek patent protection 

7

and establish collaborative arrangements for discovery, research, clinical development and marketing of products similar to ours. These companies and institutions compete with us in recruiting and retaining qualified scientific and management personnel, as well as in acquiring necessary product technologies.

Domestic and foreign legislative or administrative reforms resulting in restrictive reimbursement practices of third-party payors could decrease the demand for products purchased by our customers, the prices that our customers are willing to pay for those products and the number of procedures using our devices. 

Our products are purchased principally by hospitals or physicians which typically bill various third-party payors, such as governmental programs (e.g., Medicare, Medicaid and comparable foreign programs), private insurance plans and managed care plans, for the healthcare services provided to their patients. The ability of our customers to obtain appropriate reimbursement for products and services from third-party payors is critical because it affects which products customers purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. Reimbursement varies by country and can significantly impact the acceptance of new technology. Implementation of healthcare reforms or other governmental actions in the United States and other countries may limit, reduce or eliminate reimbursement for our products and adversely affect both our pricing flexibility and the demand for our products. Even when we develop or acquire a promising new product, we may find limited demand for the product unless reimbursement approval is obtained from private and governmental third-party payors. 

Further legislative or administrative reforms to the reimbursement systems in the United States and abroad, or adverse decisions relating to our products by administrators of these systems in coverage or reimbursement, could significantly reduce reimbursement for procedures using our medical devices or result in the denial of coverage for those procedures. Examples of these reforms or adverse decisions include price regulation, competitive pricing, coverage and payment policies, technology assessments and managed-care arrangements. Any of such reforms or adverse decisions resulting in restrictive reimbursement practices or denials of coverage could have an adverse impact on the acceptance of our products and the prices that our customers are willing to pay for them. These outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

The implementation of healthcare reform in the United States could have a material adverse effect on our business.

In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Affordability Reconciliation Act (collectively, “the Healthcare Reform Act”) was enacted into law in the United States. The Healthcare Reform Act includes provisions that, among other things, reduce and/or limit Medicare reimbursement, require all individuals to have health insurance (with limited exceptions) and impose new and/or increased taxes. Specifically, beginning in January 2013, the law imposes a 2.3% excise tax on the sale in the United States of certain medical devices by a manufacturer, producer or importer of such devices. During fiscal 
2014
, our medical device tax was 
$63 million
. Although there are ongoing discussions in the U.S. Congress regarding the repeal or deferral of the medical device tax, there can be no assurances as to the outcome of any of these discussions. The Healthcare Reform Act also reduces Medicare and Medicaid payments to hospitals and clinical laboratories, which could reduce medical procedure volumes and impact the demand for our products or the prices at which we sell them. While this legislation is intended to expand health insurance coverage to uninsured persons in the United States, the impact of any overall increase in access to healthcare on sales of our products remains uncertain. Various healthcare reform proposals have also emerged at the state level. The impact of the Healthcare Reform Act and these proposals could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Cost-containment efforts of our customers, purchasing groups and governmental organizations could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability.

In an effort to reduce costs, many existing and potential customers for our products within the United States have become members of GPOs and IDNs. GPOs and IDNs negotiate pricing arrangements with healthcare product manufacturers and distributors and offer the negotiated prices to affiliated hospitals and other members. GPOs and IDNs typically award contracts on a category-by-category basis through a competitive bidding process. Bids are generally solicited from multiple manufacturers with the intention of driving down pricing. Due to the highly competitive nature of the GPO and IDN contracting processes, we may not be able to obtain or maintain contract positions with major GPOs and IDNs across our product portfolio.

Furthermore, the increasing leverage of organized buying groups may reduce market prices for our products, thereby reducing our profitability.

While having a contract with a GPO or IDN for a given product category can facilitate sales to members of that GPO or IDN, such contract positions can offer no assurance that sales volumes of those products will be maintained. GPOs and IDNs increasingly are awarding contracts to multiple suppliers for the same product category. Even when we are the sole contracted 

8

supplier of a GPO or IDN for a certain product category, members of the GPO or IDN generally are free to purchase from other suppliers. Furthermore, GPO and IDN contracts typically are terminable without cause upon 60 to 90 days’ notice. Accordingly, although we have multiple contracts with many major GPOs and IDNs, the members of such groups may choose to purchase from our competitors due to the price or quality offered by such competitors, which could result in a decline in our sales and profitability.

Distributors of our products also have begun to negotiate terms of sale more aggressively to increase their profitability. Failure to negotiate distribution arrangements having advantageous pricing and other terms of sale could cause us to lose market share and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Outside the United States, we have experienced pricing pressure from centralized governmental healthcare authorities and increased efforts by such authorities to lower healthcare costs. We frequently are required to engage in competitive bidding for the sale of our products to governmental purchasing agents. Our failure to offer acceptable prices to these customers could have a material adverse effect on our sales and profitability in these markets.

We may experience higher costs to produce our products as a result of changes in prices for oil, gas and other commodities.

We use resins, other petroleum-based materials and pulp as raw materials in many of our products. Prices of oil and gas also significantly affect our costs for freight and utilities. Oil, gas and pulp prices are volatile and may increase, resulting in higher costs to produce and distribute our products. New laws or regulations adopted in response to climate change could also increase energy costs and the costs of certain raw materials and components. Due to the highly competitive nature of the healthcare industry and the cost-containment efforts of our customers and third-party payors, we may be unable to pass along cost increases through higher prices. If we are unable to fully recover these costs through price increases or offset these increases through cost reductions, we could experience lower margins and profitability and our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

We depend on sophisticated information technology systems to operate our business and a cyber-attack or other breach of these systems could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

We rely on information technology systems to process, transmit, and store electronic information in our day-to-day operations. Similar to other large multi-national companies, the size and complexity of our information technology systems makes them vulnerable to a cyber-attack, malicious intrusion, breakdown, destruction, loss of data privacy, or other significant disruption. Any such successful attacks could result in the theft of intellectual property or other misappropriation of assets, or otherwise compromise our confidential or proprietary information and disrupt our operations. Cyber-attacks are becoming more sophisticated and frequent, and our systems have been and are expected to continue to be the target of malware and other cyber-attacks. We have invested in our systems and the protection of our data to reduce the risk of an intrusion or interruption, and we monitor our systems on an ongoing basis for any current or potential threats. There can be no assurance that these measures and efforts will prevent future interruptions or breakdowns. If we fail to maintain or protect our information technology systems and data integrity effectively or fail to anticipate, plan for or manage significant disruptions to these systems, we could lose existing customers, have difficulty preventing, detecting, and controlling fraud, have disputes with customers, physicians, and other health care professionals, have regulatory sanctions or penalties imposed, have increases in operating expenses, incur expenses or lose revenues as a result of a data privacy breach or theft of intellectual property, or suffer other adverse consequences, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We may be unable to protect our intellectual property rights or may infringe on the intellectual property rights of others.

We rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, trade secrets and nondisclosure agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights may not be sufficient. We cannot ensure that our pending patent applications will result in the issuance of patents to us, that patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors or that these patents will be found to be valid or sufficiently broad to preclude our competitors from introducing technologies similar to those covered by our patents and patent applications. In addition, our ability to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights may be limited in certain countries outside the United States, which could make it easier for competitors to capture market position in such countries by utilizing technologies that are similar to those developed or licensed by us. Competitors also may harm our sales by designing products that mirror the capabilities of our products or technology without infringing our intellectual property rights. If we do not obtain sufficient protection for our intellectual property, or if we are unable to effectively enforce our intellectual property rights, our competitiveness could be impaired, which would limit our growth and future revenue.

9

We operate in an industry characterized by extensive patent litigation. Patent litigation is costly to defend and can result in significant damage awards, including treble damages under certain circumstances, and injunctions that could prevent the manufacture and sale of affected products or force us to make significant royalty payments in order to continue selling the affected products. At any given time, we are involved as either a plaintiff or a defendant in a number of patent infringement actions, the outcomes of which may not be known for prolonged periods of time. We can expect to face additional claims of patent infringement in the future. A successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We are subject to complex and costly regulation.

Our products are subject to regulation by the FDA and other national, supranational, federal and state governmental authorities. It can be costly and time-consuming to obtain regulatory approvals to market a medical device. Approvals might not be granted for new devices on a timely basis, if at all. Regulations are subject to change as a result of legislative, administrative or judicial action, which may further increase our costs or reduce sales. As an example, the FDA has proposed changes to the clearance process for medical devices that are substantially equivalent to other legally marketed devices, called the 510(k) process. If the changes to the 510(k) process are adopted as proposed, the time and cost to get many of our medical devices to market could increase significantly. In addition, disruptions in government could also negatively impact our ability to obtain approvals on a timely basis. Our failure to maintain approvals or obtain approval for new products could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

In addition, we are subject to regulations covering manufacturing practices, product labeling and advertising and material adverse-event reporting that apply after we have obtained approval to sell a product. Many of our facilities and procedures and those of our suppliers are subject to ongoing oversight, including periodic inspection by governmental authorities. Compliance with production, safety, quality control and quality assurance regulations is costly and time-consuming. Our manufacturing facilities and those of our suppliers could be subject to significant material adverse regulatory actions in the future. These actions could include warning letters, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, recalls, seizures of our products and criminal prosecution. Possible consequences of such actions could include:

•
substantial modifications to our business practices and operations;

•

a total or partial shutdown of production in one or more of our facilities while we remediate the alleged violation;

•

the inability to obtain future pre-market clearances or approvals; and

•

withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market.

Any of these events, in combination or individually, could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

In addition, pursuant to Dodd-Frank, the SEC promulgated final rules regarding disclosure of the use of certain minerals, known as “conflict minerals”: tantalum, tin, and tungsten (or their ores) and gold; which are mined from the Democratic Republic of the Congo and adjoining countries. Under these rules, we are required to disclose the procedures we employ to determine the sourcing of such minerals and metals produced from those minerals. There are costs associated with complying with these disclosure requirements, including for diligence in regards to the sources of any conflict minerals used in our products, in addition to the costs of remediation and other changes to products, processes, or sources of supply as a consequence of such verification activities. In addition, these rules could adversely affect the sourcing, supply and pricing of materials used in our products. As of the date of our conflict minerals report for calendar year 2013, we were unable to obtain the necessary information on conflict minerals from all of our suppliers. We may continue to face difficulties in gathering this information in the future. We may face reputational challenges if we determine that certain of our products contain minerals not determined to be conflict free or if we are unable to sufficiently verify the origins for all conflict minerals used in our products through the procedures we implement.

Defects or failures associated with our products could lead to recalls or safety alerts and negative publicity.

Manufacturing flaws, component failures, design defects, off-label uses or inadequate disclosure of product-related information could result in an unsafe condition or the injury or death of a patient. These problems could lead to a recall of, or issuance of a safety alert relating to, our products and result in significant costs and negative publicity. During fiscal 2012, net sales of our Duet TRS
TM

 Universal Straight and Articulating Single Use Loading Units (Duet) declined by approximately $85 million primarily as a result of recalls. These recalls also led to the discontinuance of the product, which resulted in inventory and capital equipment impairments totaling $18 million. Due to the strong name recognition of our brands, a material adverse event involving one of our products could result in reduced market acceptance and demand for all products within that brand, 

10

and could harm our reputation and our ability to market our products in the future. In some circumstances, material adverse events arising from or associated with the design, manufacture or marketing of our products could result in the suspension or delay of regulatory reviews of our applications for new product approvals. We also may undertake a voluntary recall of products or temporarily shut down production lines based on performance relative to our own internal safety and quality monitoring and testing data. Any of the foregoing problems could disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We may incur products liability losses and other litigation liability.

In the ordinary course of business, we are subject to products liability claims and lawsuits, including potential class actions, alleging that our products have resulted in or could result in an unsafe condition or injury. Our products are often used in intensive care settings with seriously ill patients, and some of the medical devices we manufacture and sell are designed to be implanted in the human body. There are a number of factors that could result in an unsafe condition or injury to, or death of, a patient with respect to these or other products which we manufacture or sell, including component failures, manufacturing flaws, design defects or inadequate disclosure of product-related risks or product-related information. Any products liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could be costly to defend and could result in an increase of our insurance premiums. Some claims brought against us might not be covered by our insurance policies. In addition, we have significant self-insured retention amounts which we would have to pay in full before obtaining any insurance proceeds to satisfy a judgment or settlement. Furthermore, even where the claim is covered by our insurance, our insurance coverage might be inadequate and we would have to pay the amount of any settlement or judgment that is in excess of our policy limits. We may not be able to obtain insurance on terms acceptable to us or at all since insurance varies in cost and can be difficult to obtain. We are currently the subject of products liability litigation proceedings described in “Item 3—Legal Proceedings.” Our failure to maintain adequate insurance coverage or successfully defend against products liability claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

If we are unable to obtain sufficient components or raw materials on a timely basis or if we experience other manufacturing difficulties, our business may be adversely affected. 

The manufacture of our products requires the timely delivery of sufficient amounts of quality components and materials. We manufacture our products in 
43
 manufacturing facilities around the world. We acquire our components and materials from many suppliers in various countries. We work closely with our suppliers to ensure the continuity of supply, but we cannot guarantee these efforts will always be successful. Further, while efforts are made to diversify our sources of components and materials, in certain instances we acquire components and materials from a sole supplier. In addition, due to the stringent regulations and requirements of the FDA and other similar non-U.S. regulatory agencies regarding the manufacture of our products, we may not be able to quickly establish additional or replacement sources for some components or materials. A reduction or interruption in supply, and an inability to develop alternative sources for such supply, could adversely affect our ability to manufacture our products in a timely or cost-effective manner, and our ability to make product sales. 

Several of our key products are manufactured at a single manufacturing facility, with limited alternate facilities. If an event occurs that results in damage to one or more of our facilities, we may be unable to manufacture the relevant products at previous levels or at all. Because of the time required to approve and license a manufacturing facility, a third party manufacturer may not be available on a timely basis to replace production capacity in the event we lose manufacturing capacity. 

The manufacture of our products is highly exacting and complex, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. Problems in the manufacturing process, including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, defective raw materials and environmental factors, could lead to launch delays, product shortage, unanticipated costs, lost revenues and damage to our reputation. A failure to identify and address manufacturing problems prior to the release of products to our customers may also result in a quality or safety issue of the type discussed above. Significant manufacturing problems or inability to obtain key components and materials could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Failure to effectively manage the separation activities relating to the spin off of our Pharmaceuticals business or the divestitures of other businesses or product lines could adversely affect our business.

In June 2013, we completed the spin off of our Pharmaceuticals business into Mallinckrodt plc. The spin off of this business continues to involve a number of risks, including indemnification risks and the diversion of management and employee attention in connection with the provision of transitional services, among other things. Covidien and Mallinckrodt entered into a separation and distribution agreement and other agreements to govern the separation of the Pharmaceuticals business and the relationship between Covidien and Mallinckrodt going forward. Certain of these agreements provide for the performance of services by each 

11

company for the benefit of the other for a period of time. If Mallinckrodt is unable to satisfy its obligations under these agreements, including its indemnification obligations, we could incur losses. Our inability to effectively manage the separation activities and events could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

In addition, we continue to evaluate the performance of all of our businesses and may sell a business or product line. Future divestitures may result in significant write-offs, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Divestitures could involve additional risks, including difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel, the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, the disruption of our business and the potential loss of key employees. We may not be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that we encounter in divesting a business or product line.

We may not be successful in our strategic acquisitions of, investments in or alliances with other companies and businesses.

We may pursue acquisitions of complementary businesses, technology licensing arrangements and strategic alliances to expand our product offerings and geographic presence as part of our business strategy. We may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and we may not realize the expected benefits of any acquisition, license arrangement or strategic alliance. Other companies may compete with us for these strategic opportunities. Even if we are successful in making an acquisition, the products and technologies that we acquire may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than we originally anticipated. We also could experience negative effects on our results of operations and financial condition from acquisition-related charges, amortization of intangible assets and asset impairment charges. These effects, individually or in the aggregate, could cause a deterioration of our credit rating and result in increased borrowing costs and interest expense. We could experience difficulties in integrating acquired organizations, systems and facilities, and personnel with diverse backgrounds. Integration of an acquired business also may require management resources that otherwise would be available for development of our existing business. If an acquired business fails to operate as anticipated or cannot be successfully integrated into our existing business, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.

We are subject to risks associated with doing business outside of the United States.

Our operations outside of the United States are subject to risks that are inherent in conducting business under non-U.S. laws, regulations and customs. Sales outside of the United States made up 
50%
 of our net sales in fiscal 
2014
 and we expect non-U.S. sales to contribute significantly to our future growth. If the U.S. dollar strengthens in relation to the currencies of other countries where we sell our products, such as the euro, our U.S. dollar reported revenue and income will decrease. Changes in the relative values of currencies occur regularly and, in some instances, may have a significant effect on our operating results.

In addition to risks discussed elsewhere in these risk factors, other risks associated with our operations outside the United States include:

•

healthcare reform legislation;

•

multiple non-U.S. regulatory requirements that are subject to change and that could restrict our ability to manufacture and sell our products;

•

different local product preferences and product requirements;

•

trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements;

•

difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing non-U.S. operations;

•

different labor regulations;

•

potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws;

•

political instability and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts;

•

economic instability and inflation, recession or interest rate fluctuations; and

•

minimal or diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries.

12

These risks, individually or in aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Most of our customer relationships outside of the United States are with governmental entities and we could be materially and adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions.

The FCPA and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Because of the predominance of government-sponsored healthcare systems around the world, most of our customer relationships outside of the United States are with governmental entities and are therefore subject to such anti-bribery laws. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree, and in certain circumstances strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Despite our training and compliance programs, our internal control policies and procedures may not always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees or agents. Violations of anti-bribery laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We are subject to healthcare fraud and abuse regulations that could result in significant liability, require us to change our business practices and restrict our operations in the future.

We are subject to various federal, state and local laws targeting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry, including anti-kickback and false claims laws. Violations of these laws are punishable by criminal or civil sanctions, including substantial fines, imprisonment and exclusion from participation in healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid and health programs outside the United States. These laws and regulations are wide ranging and subject to changing interpretation and application, which could restrict our sales or marketing practices. Furthermore, since many of our customers rely on reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid and other governmental programs to cover a substantial portion of their expenditures, our exclusion from such programs as a result of a violation of these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We are subject to the risk of material environmental liabilities, litigation and violations.

We are subject to numerous federal, state, local and non-U.S. environmental protection and health and safety laws governing, among other things:

•

the generation, storage, use and transportation of hazardous materials;

•

emissions or discharges of substances into the environment;

•

investigation and remediation of hazardous substances or materials at various sites;

•

chemical constituents in medical equipment and end-of-life disposal and take-back programs; and

•

the health and safety of our employees.

We may not have been, or we may not at all times be, in compliance with environmental and health and safety laws. If we violate these laws, we could be fined, criminally charged or otherwise sanctioned by regulators. Environmental laws outside of the United States are becoming more stringent resulting in increased costs and compliance burdens.

Certain environmental laws assess liability on current or previous owners or operators of real property for the costs of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous substances or materials at their properties or at properties at which they have disposed of hazardous substances. Liability for investigative, removal and remedial costs under certain federal and state laws are retroactive, strict and joint and several. In addition to cleanup actions brought by governmental authorities, private parties could bring personal injury or other claims due to the presence of, or exposure to, hazardous substances. We have received notification from the EPA and similar state environmental agencies that conditions at a number of formerly owned sites where we and others have disposed of hazardous substances require investigation, cleanup and other possible remedial action and may require that we reimburse the government for its costs incurred at these sites or otherwise pay for the costs of investigation and remediation and for natural resource damage claims from such sites.

In the ordinary course of our business planning process, we take into account our known environmental matters as we plan for our future capital and operating expenditure requirements. The ultimate cost of site cleanup and timing of future cash 

13

outflows is difficult to predict, given the uncertainties regarding the extent of the required cleanup, the interpretation of applicable laws and regulations, and alternative cleanup methods. We concluded that, as of 
September 26, 2014
, it was probable that we would incur remedial costs of 
$178 million
. This amount includes 
$158 million
 relating to a site located in Orrington, Maine, which remained a liability of Covidien following the 2013 separation of Mallinckrodt. We currently have no accrual for the costs of any potential remediation of the Penobscot River and Bay. For more information regarding these environmental matters, see “Business—Environmental” and “Business—Legal Proceedings—Environmental Proceedings.” 

Based upon information known to date, we believe our current capital and operating plans are adequate for costs associated with the investigation, cleanup and potential remedial action for our known environmental matters. While we have budgeted for future capital and operating expenditures to maintain compliance with environmental laws, our costs of complying with current or future environmental protection and health and safety laws, or our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances may exceed our estimates or have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. We may also be subject to additional environmental claims for personal injury or cleanup in the future based on our past, present or future business activities. 

A deterioration in economic conditions may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition.

Customers may reduce spending during times of economic uncertainty. Decreased consumer spending levels and increased pressure on prices for our products and services could result in decreased revenues and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, many customers, including many governments or entities that rely on government funding, may be unable to pay on a timely basis, or may pay at a significant discount, for our products that they do purchase. We have, for example, experienced significant delays in the collection of receivables from the national health care systems in certain countries, including, but not limited to, certain regions in Spain and Italy. Payment is dependent upon the financial stability of those countries’ national economies and the creditworthiness of those countries’ national governments. We routinely evaluate all government receivables for potential collection risks associated with the availability of government funding and reimbursement practices. Failure to receive payment of all or a significant portion of these receivables could materially and adversely affect our results of operations.

Risks Relating to the Medtronic Transaction 

The number of ordinary shares that New Medtronic will issue to Covidien shareholders as a result of the acquisition will be based on a fixed exchange ratio. The value of each New Medtronic ordinary share that New Medtronic will issue to Covidien shareholders as a result of the acquisition could be different than at the time Covidien shareholders vote to approve the transaction. 

Upon completion of the transaction, Covidien ordinary shareholders will receive (i) 
$35.19
 in cash and (ii) 
0.956
 of a New Medtronic ordinary share for each Covidien ordinary share they hold. The number of ordinary shares that New Medtronic will issue to Covidien shareholders as a result of the acquisition will not be adjusted in the event of any increase or decrease in the share price of either Medtronic common shares or Covidien ordinary shares between the time the Covidien shareholders vote to approve the transaction and the completion time of the transaction. 

The market value of each ordinary share that New Medtronic will issue to Covidien shareholders as a result of the acquisition could vary significantly from the market value of Medtronic common shares on the date that Covidien shareholders vote to approve the transaction. Because the exchange ratio will not be adjusted to reflect any changes in the market value of Medtronic common shares or Covidien ordinary shares, such market price fluctuations may affect the value that Covidien shareholders will receive upon completion of the transaction. Share price changes may result from a variety of factors, including changes in the business, operations or prospects of Medtronic or Covidien, market assessments of the likelihood that the transaction will be completed, the timing of the transaction, regulatory considerations, general market and economic conditions and other factors. Shareholders are urged to obtain current market quotations for Medtronic common shares and Covidien ordinary shares. 

Medtronic and Covidien must obtain certain approvals and governmental and regulatory consents to consummate the transaction, which, if delayed, not granted or granted with unacceptable conditions, may jeopardize or delay the consummation of the transaction, result in additional expenditures of money and resources and/or reduce the anticipated benefits of the transaction. 

The transaction is subject to customary closing conditions. These closing conditions include, among others, the receipt of required approvals of Medtronic and Covidien shareholders, the approval of the scheme of arrangement by the Irish High Court and the relevant clearances under the antitrust, competition and foreign investment laws of the European Union, China and 

14

South Korea under which filings or clearances are or may be required. In addition, in order to further their cooperation with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission (FTC), Medtronic and Covidien have informed the FTC that they will not close the transaction prior to December 7, 2014 without prior FTC clearance.

The governmental agencies from which the parties will seek certain of these clearances have broad discretion in administering the governing regulations. As a condition to their clearance of the transaction, agencies may impose requirements, limitations or costs or require divestitures or place restrictions on the conduct of Medtronic’s business after the closing. These requirements, limitations, costs, divestitures or restrictions could jeopardize or delay the consummation of the transaction or may reduce the anticipated benefits of the transaction. Further, no assurance can be given that the required shareholder approvals will be obtained or that the required closing conditions will be satisfied, and, if all required consents and approvals are obtained and the closing conditions are satisfied, no assurance can be given as to the terms, conditions and timing of the approvals. If Medtronic and Covidien agree to any material requirements, limitations, costs, divestitures or restrictions in order to obtain any approvals required to consummate the transaction, these requirements, limitations, costs, divestitures or restrictions could adversely affect New Medtronic’s ability to integrate Medtronic’s operations with our operations or reduce the anticipated benefits of the transaction. This could result in a failure to consummate the transaction. 

The transaction agreement relating to Medtronic’s proposed acquisition of Covidien contains provisions that limit our ability to pursue alternatives to the transaction and the expenses reimbursement agreement, in specified circumstances, could require us to reimburse certain of Medtronic’s expenses. 

Under the transaction agreement, we are restricted, subject to certain exceptions, from soliciting, knowingly encouraging or negotiating, or furnishing information with regard to, any inquiry, proposal or offer for a competing acquisition proposal with any person. We may terminate the transaction agreement and enter into an agreement with respect to a superior proposal only if specified conditions have been satisfied, including a determination by our board of directors (after consultation with our financial advisor and legal counsel) that such proposal is more favorable to Covidien shareholders than the transaction, and such a termination would result in us being required to reimburse certain of Medtronic’s expenses under the expenses reimbursement agreement. These provisions could discourage a third party that may have an interest in acquiring all or a significant part of our business from considering or proposing that acquisition, even if such third party were prepared to pay consideration with a higher value than the value of the scheme consideration. 

Failure to consummate the Medtronic transaction could negatively impact our business, financial results and share price. 

If the transaction is not consummated, our ongoing businesses may be adversely affected and, without realizing any of the potential benefits of having consummated the transaction, we will be subject to a number of risks, including the following: 

•

we will be required to pay certain costs and expenses relating to the proposed transaction;

•

if the transaction agreement is terminated under specified circumstances, we may be obligated to reimburse certain expenses of Medtronic, in an amount up to approximately 
$429 million
; 

•

matters relating to the transaction (including integration planning) have required and are expected to continue to require substantial commitments of time and resources by our management, which could otherwise have been devoted to other opportunities that may have been beneficial to us; 

•

the transaction agreement restricts us, without Medtronic’s consent and subject to certain exceptions, from making certain acquisitions and taking other specified actions until the transaction occurs or the transaction agreement terminates. These restrictions may prevent us from pursuing otherwise attractive business opportunities and making other changes to our businesses that may arise prior to completion of the transaction or termination of the transaction agreement; and 

•

we also could be subject to litigation related to any failure to consummate the transaction or related to any enforcement proceeding commenced against us to perform our obligations under the transaction agreement.

If the transaction is not consummated, these risks may materialize and may adversely affect our business, financial results and share price. 

While the Medtronic transaction is pending, we will be subject to uncertainties that could adversely affect our business. 

Uncertainty about the effect of the transaction on our employees, customers and suppliers may have an adverse effect on our business. These uncertainties may impair our ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the transaction is 

15

consummated and for a period of time thereafter, and could cause customers, suppliers and others who deal with us to seek to change or terminate existing business relationships with us. Employee retention may be particularly challenging during the pendency of the transaction because employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with New Medtronic. If, despite our retention efforts, key employees depart because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with New Medtronic, our business could be seriously harmed.

Risks Relating to Tax Matters

We may not be able to maintain a competitive worldwide effective corporate tax rate.

While we believe that being incorporated in Ireland should help us maintain a competitive worldwide effective corporate tax rate, we cannot give any assurance as to what our effective tax rate will be because of, among other things, uncertainty regarding the tax policies of all the jurisdictions where we operate our business. Our actual effective tax rate may vary from our expectation and that variance could be material. Additionally, the tax laws of Ireland and other jurisdictions could change in the future, and such changes could cause a material change in our effective tax rate. In particular, legislation may be enacted by the U.S. Congress and/or regulatory guidance may be promulgated by the U.S. Department of the Treasury (Treasury Department) and the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) which could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate and/or require us to take further action, at potentially significant expense, to seek to preserve our effective tax rate.

Examination and audits by tax authorities, including the Internal Revenue Service, could result in additional tax payments.

Our tax returns are subject to examination by various tax authorities, including the IRS. The IRS has commenced its examination of our U.S. federal income tax returns. Open periods for examination include certain periods during which we were a subsidiary of Tyco International. The resolution of the matters arising during periods in which we were a Tyco International subsidiary is subject to the conditions set forth in the tax sharing agreement discussed below. Under the tax sharing agreement, Tyco International currently has the right to administer, control and settle all U.S. income tax audits for periods prior to the separation from Tyco International. 

The IRS has concluded its field examination of certain of Tyco International’s U.S. federal income tax returns for the years 1997 through 2000 and proposed tax adjustments, several of which also affect Covidien’s income tax returns for years after 2000. Tyco International has appealed certain of the tax adjustments proposed by the IRS and has resolved all but one of the matters associated with the proposed tax adjustments. With respect to the outstanding issue that remains in dispute, on June 20, 2013, we were advised by Tyco International that it had received Notices of Deficiency from the IRS asserting that several of Tyco International’s former U.S. subsidiaries owe additional taxes of 
$914 million
 plus penalties of 
$154 million
 based on audits of the 1997 through 2000 tax years of Tyco International and its subsidiaries as they existed at that time. These amounts exclude interest, and do not reflect the impact on subsequent periods if the position taken by the IRS is ultimately proved correct. The IRS has asserted in the Notices of Deficiency that substantially all of Tyco International’s intercompany debt originating during the years 1997 through 2000 should not be treated as debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and has disallowed interest deductions related to the intercompany debt and certain tax attribute adjustments recognized on Tyco International’s U.S. income tax returns totaling approximately 
$3.0 billion
. On July 22, 2013, Tyco International filed a petition with the U.S. Tax Court contesting the IRS assessment. 

The outcome of any such litigation is uncertain and could result in a significant increase in our liability for taxes arising during these periods. While we believe that the amounts recorded as income taxes payable and guaranteed contingent tax liabilities related to these adjustments are adequate, the timing and outcome of such litigation is highly uncertain and could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial statements. In particular, if the IRS is successful in asserting its claim, it would likely assert that approximately 
$6.6 billion
 of interest deductions with respect to Tyco International’s intercompany debt in subsequent time periods should also be disallowed.

We provide reserves for potential payments of tax to various tax authorities related to uncertain tax positions. It is our intention to vigorously defend our prior tax returns. However, the calculation of our tax liabilities involves the application of complex tax regulations to our global operations in many jurisdictions. Therefore, any dispute with a tax authority may result in a payment that is significantly different from our current estimate of the tax liabilities associated with these returns. If payment of these amounts ultimately proves to be less than the recorded amounts, the reversal of the liabilities generally would result in tax benefits being recognized in the period when we determine the liabilities are no longer necessary. If our estimate of tax liabilities proves to be less than the amount for which we are ultimately liable, we would incur additional charges to expense and such charges could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

16

We share responsibility for certain of our, Tyco International’s and TE Connectivity Ltd.’s income tax liabilities for tax periods prior to and including June 29, 2007.

On June 29, 2007, we entered into a tax sharing agreement with Tyco International and TE Connectivity pursuant to which we share responsibility for certain of our, Tyco International’s and TE Connectivity’s income tax liabilities based on a sharing formula for periods prior to and including June 29, 2007. More specifically, we, Tyco International and TE Connectivity share 42%, 27% and 31%, respectively, of U.S. income tax liabilities that arise from adjustments made by tax authorities to our, Tyco International’s and TE Connectivity’s U.S. income tax returns, certain income tax liabilities arising from adjustments made by tax authorities to intercompany transactions or similar adjustments, and certain taxes attributable to internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the 2007 separation from Tyco International. Under the tax sharing agreement, Tyco International currently has the right to administer, control and settle all U.S. income tax audits for periods prior to and including June 29, 2007. The timing, nature and amount of any settlement agreed to by Tyco International may not be in our best interests. The other parties to the tax sharing agreement can remove Tyco International as the controlling party only under limited circumstances, including a change of control or bankruptcy of Tyco International, or by a majority vote of the parties. We are responsible for all of our own taxes that are not shared pursuant to the tax sharing agreement’s sharing formula.

In connection with the 2007 separation, all tax liabilities associated with our business became Covidien’s tax liabilities. Following the 2013 separation, Mallinckrodt assumed the tax liabilities attributable to its subsidiaries, a significant portion of which related to periods prior to the 2007 separation. However, Covidien remains the sole party subject to the tax sharing agreement with Tyco International and TE Connectivity. Accordingly, Mallinckrodt does not share in Covidien’s liability to Tyco International and TE Connectivity, nor in the receivable that Covidien has from Tyco International and TE Connectivity. Although we share certain tax liabilities with Tyco International and TE Connectivity pursuant to the tax sharing agreement, if Tyco International and TE Connectivity default on their obligations to us under the tax sharing agreement, we would be liable for the entire amount of these liabilities.

Further, if any party to the tax sharing agreement were to default in its obligation to another party to pay its share of the distribution taxes that arise as a result of no party’s fault, each non-defaulting party would be required to pay, equally with any other non-defaulting party, the amounts in default. In addition, if another party to the tax sharing agreement that is responsible for all or a portion of an income tax liability were to default in its payment of such liability to a taxing authority, we could be legally liable under applicable tax law for such liabilities and be required to make additional tax payments. Accordingly, under certain circumstances, we may be obligated to pay amounts in excess of our agreed upon share of our, Tyco International’s and TE Connectivity’s tax liabilities.

On September 28, 2012, Tyco International spun-off two of its businesses to its shareholders, with Tyco International remaining as a publicly-traded company. This could have a material adverse impact on Tyco International’s ability to fulfill its obligations to us under the tax sharing agreement.

If the distribution of Mallinckrodt plc ordinary shares to Covidien shareholders in 2013, the distribution of Covidien and TE Connectivity common shares by Tyco International to its shareholders in 2007 or certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of either the 2013 or the 2007 separation are determined to be taxable for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities.

We have received an IRS ruling substantially to the effect that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, (i) certain transactions effected in connection with the 2013 separation of Mallinckrodt qualify as transactions under Sections 355 and/or 368(a) of the Code, and (ii) the distribution qualifies as a transaction under Sections 355 and 368(a)(1)(D) of the Code. In addition to obtaining the IRS ruling, we received a tax opinion from Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, in form and substance acceptable to us, which relied on the effectiveness of the IRS ruling, substantially to the effect that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the distribution and certain transactions entered into in connection with the distribution qualify as transactions under Sections 355 and/or 368(a) of the Code.

Tyco International has received private letter rulings from the IRS regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the distribution of Covidien and TE Connectivity common shares by Tyco International to its shareholders, substantially to the effect that the distribution, except for cash received in lieu of a fractional share, of our shares and the TE Connectivity common shares, qualifies as tax-free under Sections 368(a)(1)(D) and 355 of the Code. The private letter rulings also provided that certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the separation from Tyco International qualify for favorable treatment under the Code. In addition to obtaining the private letter rulings, Tyco International obtained tax opinions from the law firm of McDermott Will & Emery LLP confirming the tax-free status of the distribution and certain internal transactions. 

The private letter rulings and the opinions relied on certain facts and assumptions, and certain representations and undertakings (a) in the case of the 2013 separation, from us and Mallinckrodt, and (b) in the case of the 2007 separation, from 

17

us, TE Connectivity and Tyco International, regarding the past and future conduct of our respective businesses and other matters. Notwithstanding the private letter rulings and the tax opinions, the IRS could determine on audit that the 2013 distribution or the 2007 distribution or the related internal transactions should be treated as taxable transactions if it determines that any of the respective facts, assumptions, representations or undertakings is not correct or has been violated, or that the distributions should be taxable for other reasons, including as a result of significant changes in stock or asset ownership after the distributions, or if the IRS were to disagree with the conclusions of the tax opinions that are not covered by the IRS rulings. 

If the 2013 distribution ultimately is determined to be taxable, the distribution could be treated as a taxable dividend to shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and shareholders could incur a significant U.S. federal income tax liability. In addition, we could incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities or tax indemnification obligations, whether under applicable law or the tax matters agreement that was entered into with Mallinckrodt, if it is ultimately determined that certain related transactions undertaken in anticipation of the distribution are taxable.

If the 2007 distribution ultimately is determined to be taxable, Tyco International would recognize a gain in an amount equal to the excess of the fair market value of our shares and TE Connectivity common shares distributed to Tyco International shareholders on the distribution date over Tyco International’s tax basis in such common shares. Such gain, if recognized, generally would not be subject to U.S. federal income tax; however, we would incur significant U.S. federal income tax liabilities if it ultimately is determined that certain internal transactions undertaken in anticipation of the separation from Tyco International should be treated as taxable transactions.

In addition, under the terms of the tax sharing agreement with Tyco International and TE Connectivity, in the event the 2007 distribution or the related internal transactions were determined to be taxable and such determination was the result of actions taken after the 2007 distribution by us, Tyco International or TE Connectivity, the party responsible for such failure would be responsible for all taxes imposed on us, Tyco International or TE Connectivity as a result thereof. If such determination is not the result of actions taken after the 2007 distribution by us, Tyco International or TE Connectivity, then we, Tyco International and TE Connectivity would be responsible for 42%, 27% and 31%, respectively, of any taxes imposed on us, Tyco International or TE Connectivity as a result of such determination. Such tax amounts could be significant. In the event that any party to the tax sharing agreement defaults in its obligation to pay distribution taxes to another party that arise as a result of no party’s fault, each non-defaulting party would be responsible for an equal amount of the defaulting party’s obligation to make a payment to another party in respect of such other party’s taxes.

Risks Relating to Our Jurisdiction of Incorporation

Legislative and/or regulatory action in the United States could materially and adversely affect us.

Tax-Related Legislation and/or Regulatory Guidance

Legislation may be enacted by the U.S. Congress and/or regulatory guidance may be promulgated by the Treasury Department and the IRS which could limit the availability of tax benefits or deductions that we currently claim, override tax treaties upon which we rely, or otherwise affect the taxes that the United States imposes on our worldwide operations. Such changes could have a material adverse effect on our effective tax rate and/or require us to take further action, at potentially significant expense, to seek to preserve our effective tax rate. In addition, if proposals were enacted that had the effect of disregarding the Irish reorganization or limiting our ability as an Irish company to take advantage of tax treaties with the United States, we could incur additional tax expense and/or otherwise incur business detriment.

Legislation Relating to Governmental Contracts

Various U.S. federal and state legislative proposals that would deny governmental contracts to U.S. companies that move their corporate location abroad may affect us. We are unable to predict the likelihood that, or final form in which, any such proposed legislation might become law, the nature of regulations that may be promulgated under any future legislative enactments, or the effect such enactments and increased regulatory scrutiny may have on our business.

Irish law differs from the laws in effect in the United States and may afford less protection to holders of our securities.

It may not be possible to enforce court judgments obtained in the United States against us in Ireland based on the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws. In addition, there is some uncertainty as to whether the courts of Ireland would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers based on the civil liabilities provisions of the U.S. federal or state securities laws or hear actions against us or those persons based on those laws. We have been advised that the United States currently does not have a treaty with Ireland providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of 

18

money rendered by any U.S. federal or state court based on civil liability, whether or not based solely on U.S. federal or state securities laws, would not automatically be enforceable in Ireland.

As an Irish company, Covidien plc is governed by the Irish Companies Acts, which differ in some material respects from laws generally applicable to U.S. corporations and shareholders, including, among others, differences relating to interested director and officer transactions and shareholder lawsuits. Likewise, the duties of directors and officers of an Irish company generally are owed to the company only. Shareholders of Irish companies generally do not have a personal right of action against directors or officers of the company and may exercise such rights of action on behalf of the company only in limited circumstances. Accordingly, holders of Covidien plc securities may have more difficulty protecting their interests than would holders of securities of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction of the United States.