You
should carefully consider the risks described below before investing in our publicly traded securities. The risks described below are not the only ones facing us. Our business is also subject to the risks that affect many other companies, such as
competition, technological obsolescence, labor relations, general economic conditions, geopolitical events and international operations. Additional risks not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair our
business, operations, financial condition and liquidity. 

Risks Relating to Our Business 

We face the following risks in connection with the general conditions and trends of the industries in which we operate. 

We may be unable to effectively introduce and market new products or may fail to keep pace with advances in technology. 

The healthcare industry is characterized by continuous technological change, resulting in changing customer preferences and
requirements. The success of our business depends on our ability to introduce new products and adapt to these changing technologies and customer demands. The success of new product development depends on many factors, including our ability to
anticipate and satisfy customer needs, obtain regulatory and reimbursement approvals on a timely basis, develop and manufacture products in a cost-effective and timely manner, maintain advantageous positions with respect to intellectual property and
differentiate our products from those of our competitors. To compete successfully in the marketplace, we must make substantial investments in new product development whether internally or externally through licensing or acquisitions. Our failure to
introduce new and innovative products in a timely manner would have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

2011 Form 10-K

8

Table of Contents

Even if we are able to develop, manufacture and obtain regulatory and reimbursement
approvals for our new products, the success of those products depends on market acceptance. Market acceptance for our new products could be affected by several factors, including: 

•

 the availability of alternative products from our competitors; 

•

 the price of our products; 

•

 the timing of our market entry; and 

•

 our ability to market and distribute our products effectively. 

Sales of our products are affected by the reimbursement practices of a small number of large public and private insurers. 

Sales of our products depend, in part, on the extent to which the costs of our products are reimbursed by governmental health
administration authorities, private health coverage insurers and other third-party payors. Our potential customers’ ability to obtain appropriate reimbursement for products and services from these third-party payors affects the selection of
products they purchase and the prices they are willing to pay. In addition, demand for new products may be limited unless we obtain reimbursement approval from governmental and private third-party payors prior to introduction. Reimbursement criteria
vary by country, are becoming increasingly stringent and require management expertise and significant attention to obtain and maintain qualification for reimbursement. 

Major third-party payors for healthcare services both within and outside of the United States continue to work to contain costs through, among other things, the introduction of cost containment incentives
and closer scrutiny of healthcare expenditures. In March 2010, significant reforms to the U.S. healthcare system were enacted as law. The law includes provisions that, among other things, reduce Medicare reimbursement. We cannot predict what
additional healthcare initiatives, if any, will be implemented, or the effect any future legislation or regulation will have on us. However, the implementation of healthcare reforms both within and outside of the United States may further
reduce the level at which reimbursement is provided and adversely affect demand for and profitability of our products. Legislative or administrative reforms to U.S. or non-U.S. reimbursement practices that significantly reduce or deny reimbursement
for treatments using our products could adversely affect the acceptance of our products and the prices our customers are willing to pay and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash
flows. 

The implementation of healthcare reform in the United States may adversely affect us. 

In March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act was enacted in the United States. This legislation includes a provision that
imposes a 2.3% excise tax on the sale of certain medical devices by a manufacturer, producer or importer of such devices in the United States starting after December 31, 2012. The legislation also includes a $28 billion fee on the branded
pharmaceutical industry over nine years starting in 2011 and a $2.8 billion annual fee on branded pharmaceuticals thereafter. The amount of branded pharmaceutical fee payable by each company is based upon market share. Since our branded
pharmaceutical sales currently represent a small portion of the total market, this annual assessment has not had a significant impact on Covidien. The medical devices tax, however, may have a significant impact on our results of operations. While we
are waiting for further regulations to be established, we continue to evaluate the potential impact that this tax may have on our overall business. U.S. net sales of potentially taxable medical devices represented approximately 30% to 40% of our
total net sales in fiscal 2011 and, therefore, this tax burden may have a material, negative impact on our results of operations and our cash flows. In addition to the excise tax and annual fee described above, the new legislation contains numerous
other provisions, many of which pertain to health insurance plans, which could adversely impact our financial results in future periods. 

9

2011 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Cost-containment efforts of our customers, purchasing groups, third-party payors and
governmental organizations could adversely affect our sales and profitability. 

Many existing and potential customers for
our products within the United States have become members of GPOs and IDNs, in an effort to reduce costs. GPOs and IDNs negotiate pricing arrangements with healthcare product manufacturers and distributors and offer the negotiated prices to
affiliated hospitals and other members. GPOs and IDNs typically award contracts on a category-by-category basis through a competitive bidding process. Bids are generally solicited from multiple manufacturers with the intention of driving down
pricing. Due to the highly competitive nature of the GPO and IDN contracting processes, we may not be able to obtain or maintain contract positions with major GPOs and IDNs across our product portfolio. 

Furthermore, the increasing leverage of organized buying groups may reduce market prices for our products, thereby reducing our
profitability. 

While having a contract with a GPO or IDN for a given product category can facilitate sales to members of that
GPO or IDN, such contract positions can offer no assurance that sales volumes of those products will be maintained. GPOs and IDNs increasingly are awarding contracts to multiple suppliers for the same product category. Even when we are the sole
contracted supplier of a GPO or IDN for a certain product category, members of the GPO or IDN generally are free to purchase from other suppliers. Furthermore, GPO and IDN contracts typically are terminable without cause upon 60 to 90 days’
notice. Accordingly, although we have multiple contracts with many major GPOs and IDNs, the members of such groups may choose to purchase from our competitors due to the price or quality offered by such competitors, which could result in a decline
in our sales and profitability. 

Distributors of our products also have begun to negotiate terms of sale more aggressively to
increase their profitability. Failure to negotiate distribution arrangements having advantageous pricing and other terms of sale could cause us to lose market share and would adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition
and cash flows. 

Outside the United States, we have experienced pricing pressure from centralized governmental healthcare
authorities and increased efforts by such authorities to lower healthcare costs. We frequently are required to engage in competitive bidding for the sale of our products to governmental purchasing agents. Our failure to offer acceptable prices to
these customers could adversely affect our sales and profitability in these markets. 

We may be unable to protect our
intellectual property rights or may infringe on the intellectual property rights of others. 

We rely on a combination of
patents, trademarks, trade secrets and nondisclosure agreements to protect our proprietary intellectual property. Our efforts to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights may not be sufficient. We cannot assure you that our pending
patent applications will result in the issuance of patents to us, that patents issued to or licensed by us in the past or in the future will not be challenged or circumvented by competitors or that these patents will be found to be valid or
sufficiently broad to preclude our competitors from introducing technologies similar to those covered by our patents and patent applications. In addition, our ability to enforce and protect our intellectual property rights may be limited in certain
countries outside the United States, which could make it easier for competitors to capture market position in such countries by utilizing technologies that are similar to those developed or licensed by us. Competitors also may harm our sales by
designing products that mirror the capabilities of our products or technology without infringing our intellectual property rights. If we do not obtain sufficient protection for our intellectual property, or if we are unable to effectively enforce
our intellectual property rights, our competitiveness could be impaired, which would limit our growth and future revenue. 

We
operate in an industry characterized by extensive patent litigation. Patent litigation is costly to defend and can result in significant damage awards, including treble damages under certain circumstances, and injunctions that could prevent the
manufacture and sale of affected products or force us to make significant 

2011 Form 10-K

10

Table of Contents

royalty payments in order to continue selling the affected products. At any given time, we are involved as either a plaintiff or a defendant in a number of patent infringement actions, the
outcomes of which may not be known for prolonged periods of time. We can expect to face additional claims of patent infringement in the future. A successful claim of patent or other intellectual property infringement against us could adversely
affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We are subject to complex and costly
regulation. 

Our products are subject to regulation by the FDA and other national, supranational, federal and state
governmental authorities. It can be costly and time-consuming to obtain regulatory approvals to market a medical device or pharmaceutical product. Approvals might not be granted for new devices or drugs on a timely basis, if at all. Regulations are
subject to change as a result of legislative, administrative or judicial action, which may further increase our costs or reduce sales. As an example, the FDA has proposed changes to the clearance process for medical devices that are substantially
equivalent to other legally marketed devices, called the 510(k) process. If the changes to the 510(k) process are adopted as proposed, the time and cost to get many of our medical devices to market could increase significantly. Our failure to
maintain approvals or obtain approval for new products could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We also rely on licenses from the DEA to purchase raw materials used in many of our pharmaceutical products and to manufacture and distribute such products. Our failure to maintain these licenses could
adversely affect our pharmaceuticals business. 

In addition, we are subject to regulations covering manufacturing practices,
product labeling and advertising and adverse-event reporting that apply after we have obtained approval to sell a product. Many of our facilities and procedures and those of our suppliers are subject to ongoing oversight, including periodic
inspection by governmental authorities. Compliance with production, safety, quality control and quality assurance regulations is costly and time-consuming. 

Our manufacturing facilities and those of our suppliers could be subject to significant adverse regulatory actions in the future. These actions could include warning letters, fines, injunctions, civil
penalties, recalls, seizures of our products and criminal prosecution. Possible consequences of such actions could include: 

•

 substantial modifications to our business practices and operations; 

•

 a total or partial shutdown of production in one or more of our facilities while we remediate the alleged violation; 

•

 the inability to obtain future pre-market clearances or approvals; and 

•

 withdrawals or suspensions of current products from the market. 

Any of these events, in combination or individually, could disrupt our business and adversely affect our business, results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows. 

The manufacture of our products is highly exacting and complex, and our business could
suffer if we, or our suppliers, encounter manufacturing problems. 

The manufacture of our products is highly exacting and
complex, due in part to strict regulatory requirements. Problems may arise during manufacturing for a variety of reasons including equipment malfunction, failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, defective raw materials and environmental
factors. If problems arise during the production of a batch of product, that entire batch of product may have to be discarded. These problems could lead to increased costs, lost revenue, damage to customer relationships, time and expense spent
investigating the cause and, depending on the cause, similar losses with respect to other products. If problems are not discovered before the product is released to the market, we also could incur recall and product liability costs. Significant
manufacturing problems could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

11

2011 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

Defects or failures associated with our products could lead to recalls or safety alerts
and negative publicity. 

Manufacturing flaws, component failures, design defects, off-label uses or inadequate disclosure
of product-related information could result in an unsafe condition or the injury or death of a patient. These problems could lead to a recall of, or issuance of a safety alert relating to, our products and result in significant costs and negative
publicity. Due to the strong name recognition of our brands, an adverse event involving one of our products could result in reduced market acceptance and demand for all products within that brand, and could harm our reputation and our ability to
market our products in the future. In some circumstances, adverse events arising from or associated with the design, manufacture or marketing of our products could result in the suspension or delay of regulatory reviews of our applications for new
product approvals. We also may undertake a voluntary recall of products or temporarily shut down production lines based on performance relative to our own internal safety and quality monitoring and testing data. Any of the foregoing problems could
disrupt our business and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We may incur product liability losses and other litigation liability. 

In
the ordinary course of business, we are subject to product liability claims and lawsuits, including potential class actions, alleging that our products have resulted in or could result in an unsafe condition or injury. Any product liability claim
brought against us, with or without merit, could be costly to defend and could result in an increase of our insurance premiums. Some claims brought against us might not be covered by our insurance policies. In addition, we have significant
self-insured retention amounts which we would have to pay in full before obtaining any insurance proceeds to satisfy a judgment or settlement. Furthermore, even where the claim is covered by our insurance, our insurance coverage might be inadequate
and we would have to pay the amount of any settlement or judgment that is in excess of our policy limits. We may not be able to obtain insurance on terms acceptable to us or at all since insurance varies in cost and can be difficult to obtain. Our
failure to maintain adequate insurance coverage or successfully defend against product liability claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We are subject to antitrust claims and lawsuits in which competitors allege that we use our market position to exclude competitors from
certain markets and to prevent customers from purchasing the competitors’ products. We also are subject to consumer antitrust class action lawsuits in which the putative class representatives, on behalf of themselves and other customers, seek
to recover overcharges they allege that they paid for certain products. Any antitrust claim brought against us, with or without merit, could be costly to defend and could result in significant damages against us. 

An interruption in our ability to manufacture our products or an inability to obtain key components or raw materials may adversely
affect our business. 

Many of our key products are manufactured at single locations, with limited alternate facilities. If
an event occurs that results in damage to one or more of our facilities, we may be unable to manufacture the relevant products at previous levels or at all. In addition, for reasons of quality assurance or cost effectiveness, we purchase certain
components and raw materials from sole suppliers. Due to the stringent regulations and requirements of the FDA and other similar non-U.S. regulatory agencies regarding the manufacture of our products, we may not be able to quickly establish
additional or replacement sources for certain components or materials. A reduction or interruption in manufacturing, or an inability to secure alternative sources of raw materials or components, could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We may experience higher costs to produce our products as a
result of changes in prices for oil, gas and other commodities. 

We use resins, other petroleum-based materials and pulp
as raw materials in many of our products. Prices of oil and gas also significantly affect our costs for freight and utilities. Oil, gas and pulp prices are volatile and may 

2011 Form 10-K

12

Table of Contents

increase, resulting in higher costs to produce and distribute our products. Due to the highly competitive nature of the healthcare industry and the cost-containment efforts of our customers and
third party payors, we may be unable to pass along cost increases through higher prices. If we are unable to fully recover these costs through price increases or offset these increases through cost reductions, we could experience lower margins and
profitability and our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. 

Divestitures of some of our businesses or product lines may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We continue to evaluate the performance of all of our businesses and may sell a business or product line. Any divestitures may result in
significant write-offs, including those related to goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Divestitures could involve additional risks,
including difficulties in the separation of operations, services, products and personnel, the diversion of management’s attention from other business concerns, the disruption of our business and the potential loss of key employees. We may not
be successful in managing these or any other significant risks that we encounter in divesting a business or product line. 

We may not be successful in our strategic acquisitions of, investments in or alliances with other companies and businesses, and
acquisitions could require us to issue additional debt or equity. 

We may pursue acquisitions of complementary businesses,
technology licensing arrangements and strategic alliances to expand our product offerings and geographic presence as part of our business strategy. We may not complete these transactions in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, or at all, and
we may not realize the expected benefits of any acquisition, license arrangement or strategic alliance. Other companies may compete with us for these strategic opportunities. Even if we are successful in making an acquisition, the products and
technologies that we acquire may not be successful or may require significantly greater resources and investments than we originally anticipated. We also could experience negative effects on our results of operations and financial condition from
acquisition-related charges, amortization of intangible assets and asset impairment charges. These effects, individually or in the aggregate, could cause a deterioration of our credit rating and result in increased borrowing costs and interest
expense. We could experience difficulties in integrating separated organizations, systems and facilities, and personnel with diverse backgrounds. Integration of an acquired business also may require management resources that otherwise would be
available for development of our existing business. If an acquired business fails to operate as anticipated or cannot be successfully integrated with our existing business, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows
could be materially and adversely affected. 

In connection with acquisitions, we may incur or assume significant debt and
unknown or contingent liabilities, such as environmental remediation expense, products liability, patent infringement claims or other unknown liabilities. Financing for acquisitions could decrease our ratio of earnings to fixed charges and adversely
affect our borrowing capacity. Furthermore, acquisition financing may not be available to us on acceptable terms if and when required. If we were to undertake an acquisition by issuing equity securities, the acquisition could have a dilutive effect
on the interests of the holders of our shares. 

We face significant competition and may not be able to compete effectively.

We compete with many companies ranging from other multinationals to start-up companies. Competition takes many forms,
including price reductions on products that are comparable to our own, development of new products that are more cost-effective or have superior performance than our current products, and the introduction of generic versions when our proprietary
products lose their patent protection. Our current or future products could be rendered obsolete or uneconomic as a result of this competition. Our failure to compete effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

13

2011 Form 10-K

Table of Contents

We also face competition for marketing, distribution and collaborative development
agreements, for establishing relationships with academic and research institutions, and for licenses to intellectual property. In addition, academic institutions, governmental agencies and other public and private research organizations also may
conduct research, seek patent protection and establish collaborative arrangements for discovery, research, clinical development and marketing of products similar to ours. These companies and institutions compete with us in recruiting and retaining
qualified scientific and management personnel as well as in acquiring necessary product technologies. 

We are subject to
risks associated with doing business outside of the United States. 

Our operations outside of the United States are
subject to risks that are inherent in conducting business under non-U.S. laws, regulations and customs. Sales outside of the United States made up approximately 45% of our net sales in fiscal 2011 and we expect that non-U.S. sales will contribute
significantly to future growth. The risks associated with our operations outside the United States include: 

•

 healthcare reform legislation; 

•

 changes in non-U.S. medical reimbursement policies and programs; 

•

 multiple non-U.S. regulatory requirements that are subject to change and that could restrict our ability to manufacture and sell our products;

•

 possible failure to comply with anti-bribery laws such as the FCPA and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions; 

•

 different local product preferences and product requirements; 

•

 trade protection measures and import or export licensing requirements; 

•

 difficulty in establishing, staffing and managing non-U.S. operations; 

•

 different labor regulations; 

•

 changes in environmental, health and safety laws; 

•

 potentially negative consequences from changes in or interpretations of tax laws; 

•

 political instability and actual or anticipated military or political conflicts; 

•

 economic instability and inflation, recession or interest rate fluctuations; and 

•

 minimal or diminished protection of intellectual property in some countries. 

These risks, individually or in aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows. 

Foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our results. 

We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Approximately 45% of our
net sales for fiscal 2011 were derived from sales in non-U.S. markets, and we expect sales from non-U.S. markets to continue to represent a significant portion of our net sales. Therefore, if the U.S. Dollar strengthens in relation to the
currencies of other countries where we sell our products, such as the Euro, our U.S. Dollar reported revenue and income will decrease. Changes in the relative values of currencies occur regularly and, in some instances, may have a significant
effect on our operating results. 

Most of our customer relationships outside of the United States are with governmental
entities and we could be adversely affected by violations of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions. 

The FCPA and similar worldwide anti-bribery laws in non-U.S. jurisdictions generally prohibit companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of
obtaining or 

2011 Form 10-K

14

Table of Contents

retaining business. Because of the predominance of government-sponsored healthcare systems around the world, most of our customer relationships outside of the United States are with governmental
entities and are therefore subject to such anti-bribery laws. Our policies mandate compliance with these anti-bribery laws. We operate in many parts of the world that have experienced governmental corruption to some degree, and in certain
circumstances strict compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Despite our training and compliance programs, our internal control policies and procedures may not always protect us from reckless or criminal acts
committed by our employees or agents. As noted in the Legal Proceedings discussion in Part I, Item 3 of this annual report, we and Tyco International have disclosed to the Department of Justice (DOJ) and SEC potential non-compliance with the
FCPA, including by subsidiaries which are now a part of Covidien. Violations of these laws, or allegations of such violations, could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and
cash flows. 

We are subject to healthcare fraud and abuse regulations that could result in significant liability, require
us to change our business practices and restrict our operations in the future. 

We are subject to various federal, state
and local laws targeting fraud and abuse in the healthcare industry, including anti-kickback and false claims laws. Violations of these laws are punishable by criminal or civil sanctions, including substantial fines, imprisonment and exclusion from
participation in healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid and health programs outside the United States. These laws and regulations are wide ranging and subject to changing interpretation and application, which could restrict our sales or
marketing practices. Furthermore, since many of our customers rely on reimbursement from Medicare, Medicaid and other governmental programs to cover a substantial portion of their expenditures, our exclusion from such programs as a result of a
violation of these laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Our operations expose us to the risk of material environmental liabilities, litigation and violations. 

We are subject to numerous federal, state, local and non-U.S. environmental protection and health and safety laws governing, among other things: 

•

 the generation, storage, use and transportation of hazardous materials; 

•

 emissions or discharges of substances into the environment; 

•

 investigation and remediation of hazardous substances or materials at various sites; 

•

 chemical constituents in medical equipment and end-of-life disposal and take-back programs; and 

•

 the health and safety of our employees. 

We may not have been, or we may not at all times be, in compliance with environmental and health and safety laws. If we violate these laws, we could be fined, criminally charged or otherwise sanctioned by
regulators. Environmental laws outside of the United States are becoming more stringent resulting in increased costs and compliance burdens. 

Certain environmental laws assess liability on current or previous owners or operators of real property for the costs of investigation, removal or remediation of hazardous substances or materials at their