In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Report, the following risks and
uncertainties could materially adversely affect the company’s business, financial condition and
results of operations. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to the company or
that the company currently deems immaterial also may impair the company’s business operations and
financial condition.

The company operates in a highly competitive industry The company operates in the highly
competitive food industry and experiences worldwide competition in all of its principal products. A
number of the company’s primary competitors have substantial financial, marketing and other
resources. A strong competitive response from one or more of these competitors to the company’s
marketplace efforts could result in the company reducing pricing, increasing capital, marketing or
other expenditures, or losing market share. These changes may have a material adverse effect on the
business and financial results of the company.

The company’s long-term results are dependent on successful marketplace initiatives The company’s
long-term results are dependent on successful marketplace initiatives. The company’s product
introductions and product improvements, along with its other marketplace initiatives, are designed
to capitalize on new customer or consumer trends. In order to remain successful, the company must
anticipate and react to these new trends and develop new products or processes to address them.
While the company devotes significant resources to meeting this goal, the company may not be
successful in developing new products or processes, or its new products or processes may not be
accepted by customers or consumers. These results could have a material adverse effect on the
business and financial results of the company.

The company may not properly execute, or realize anticipated cost savings or benefits from, its
ongoing supply chain, information technology or other initiatives The company’s success is partly
dependent upon properly executing, and realizing cost savings or other benefits from, its ongoing
supply chain, information technology and other initiatives. These initiatives are primarily
designed to make the company more efficient in the manufacture and distribution of its products,
which is necessary in the company’s highly competitive industry. These initiatives are often
complex, and a failure to implement them properly may, in addition to not meeting projected cost
savings or benefits, result in an interruption to the company’s sales, manufacturing, logistics,
customer service or accounting functions. Furthermore, the company has invested a significant
amount of capital into a number of these initiatives, which may have been more efficiently used if
the full cost savings or benefits are not realized. Finally, the company may not meet expected cost
savings from publicly-announced restructuring programs. Any of these results could have a material
adverse effect on the business and financial results of the company.

The company may be adversely impacted by the increased significance of some of its customers The
loss of any of the company’s large customers, such as Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., for an extended period
of time could adversely affect the company’s business or financial results. In addition, the retail
grocery trade continues to consolidate and mass market retailers continue to become larger. In such
an environment, a large retail customer may attempt to increase its profitability by improving
efficiency, lowering its costs or increasing promotional programs. If the company is unable to use
its scale, marketing expertise, product innovation and category leadership positions to respond to
these customer demands, the company’s business or financial results could be negatively impacted.

The company’s long-term results may be adversely impacted by increases in the price of raw
materials The raw materials used in the company’s business include tomato paste, beef, poultry,
vegetables, metal containers, glass, paper, resin and energy. Many of these materials are subject
to price fluctuations from a number of factors, including product scarcity, commodity market
speculation, currency fluctuations, weather conditions, import and export requirements and changes
in government-sponsored agricultural programs. To the extent any of these factors result in an
unforeseen increase in raw material prices, the company may not be able to offset such increases
through productivity or price increases. In such case, the company’s business or financial results
could be negatively impacted.

The company may be adversely impacted by the failure to successfully identify and execute
acquisitions and divestitures From time to time, the company undertakes acquisitions or
divestitures. The success of any such acquisition or divestiture depends, in part, upon the
company’s ability to identify suitable buyers or sellers,

Table of Contents

PAGE 4 

negotiate favorable contractual terms and, in many cases, obtain governmental approval. For
acquisitions, success is also dependent upon efficiently integrating the acquired business into the
company’s existing operations. In cases where acquisitions or divestitures are not successfully
implemented or completed, the company’s business or financial results could be negatively impacted.

The company’s long-term results may be impacted negatively by political and/or economic conditions
in the United States or other nations The company is a global manufacturer and marketer of
high-quality, branded convenience food products. Because of its global reach, the company’s
performance may be impacted negatively by political and/or economic conditions in the United States
as well as other nations. A change in any one or more of the following factors in the United
States, or in other nations, could impact the company: currency exchange rates, tax rates, interest
rates, legal or regulatory requirements, tariffs, export and import restrictions or equity markets.
The company may also be impacted by recession, political instability, civil disobedience, armed
hostilities, natural disasters and terrorist acts in the United States or throughout the world. Any
one of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the business and financial results of
the company.

If the company’s food products become adulterated or are mislabeled, the company might need to
recall those items and may experience product liability claims if consumers are injured The company
may need to recall some of its products if they become adulterated or if they are mislabeled. The
company may also be liable if the consumption of any of its products causes injury. A widespread
product recall could result in significant losses due to the costs of a recall, the destruction of
product inventory and lost sales due to the unavailability of product for a period of time. The
company could also suffer losses from a significant product liability judgment against it. A
significant product recall or product liability case could also result in adverse publicity, damage
to the company’s reputation and a loss of consumer confidence in the company’s food products, which
could have a material adverse effect on the business and financial results of the company.