In addition to the negative implications of all information and financial data included in or referred to directly in this periodic report, you should consider the following risk factors.  This periodic report contains forward-looking statements and information concerning us, our plans, and other future events.  Those statements should be read together with the discussion of risk factors set forth below, because those risk factors could cause actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements.

We cannot predict the impact on our activities of the current economic crises.

The current economic crises may adversely affect our ability to expand or generate new sales from our healthcare industry customers, which are likely to continue to face reduced patient and procedure revenues and patient and third-party payments.  We may be unable to expand sales in a constricted or further constricting healthcare industry economy.

The auditors’ report for our most recent fiscal year contains an explanatory paragraph about our ability to continue as a going concern.

The report of our auditors on our consolidated financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009, contains an explanatory paragraph about our ability to continue as a going concern.

6

We will require substantial amounts of additional capital from external sources.

We will require substantial additional funds to implement our marketing plan and pursue expansion of our business IT segment.  The extent of our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including competing technological and market developments; effective commercialization activities; establishment of strategic alliances, joint ventures, or other collaborative arrangements; and other factors not within our control.  We anticipate that we will seek required funds from external sources.

We may seek required funds through the sale of equity or other securities.  Our ability to complete an offering on acceptable terms will depend on many factors, including the condition of the securities markets generally and for companies such as us at the time of such offering; the business, financial condition, and prospects at the time of the proposed offering; our ability to identify and reach a satisfactory arrangement with prospective underwriters; and various other factors, many of which are outside our control.  There can be no assurance that we will be able to complete an offering on terms favorable to us or at all.  The issuance of additional equity securities may dilute the interest of our existing shareholders or may subordinate their rights to the superior rights of new investors.

We may also seek additional capital through strategic alliances, joint ventures, or other collaborative arrangements.  Any such relationships may dilute our interest in any specific project and decrease the amount of revenue that we may receive from such project.  There can be no assurance that we will be able to negotiate any strategic investment or obtain required additional funds on acceptable terms, if at all.  In addition, our cash requirements may vary materially from those now planned because of the results of future research and development; results of product testing; potential relationships with our strategic or collaborative partners; changes in the focus and direction of our research and development programs; competition and technological advances; issues related to patent or other protection for proprietary technologies; and other factors.

If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to delay, reduce the scope of, or eliminate our planned marketing efforts; to obtain funds through arrangements with strategic or collaborative partners that may require us to relinquish rights to certain of our technologies, product candidates, or products that we would otherwise seek to develop or commercialize ourselves; or to license our rights to such products on terms that are less favorable to us than might otherwise be available.

Product development still comprises a substantial part of our operations, and we face significant technological uncertainties.

Our prospects must be considered in light of the risks, expenses, delays, problems, and difficulties that we may encounter in entering new markets with our business IT solutions, including:

·  

our ability to maintain and expand a sales network to expose our product to potential customers and to complete sales;

·  

our ability to manage our limited working capital;

·  

our ability to scale systems and fulfillment capabilities to accommodate any growth of our business;

·  

our ability to meet competition;

·  

our ability to access and obtain additional capital when required;

·  

our ability to develop and maintain strategic relationships; and

·  

our dependence upon key personnel.

7

We cannot be certain that our business strategy will be successful or that it will successfully address these risks.

Recently adopted national healthcare legislation may adversely affect our business.

The recently adopted national healthcare legislation will implement a number of changes in the way healthcare is delivered and paid for in the United States, which may result in market disruptions and other currently unforeseen circumstances that may limit or reduce the demand for our services or the ability of our current and future customers to pay for them.  We cannot predict the potential negative impact of these legislative reforms on our business.

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, we may lose a valuable asset or incur costly litigation to protect our rights.

Our success will depend, in part, upon our intellectual property rights.  Litigation to enforce intellectual property rights or to protect trade secrets could result in substantial costs and may not be successful.  Any inability to protect intellectual property rights could seriously harm our business, operating results, and financial condition.  In addition, the laws of certain foreign countries may not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States.  Our means of protecting our intellectual property rights in the United States or abroad may not be adequate to fully protect those intellectual property rights.

Claims that we infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others could be costly to defend or settle.

Litigation regarding intellectual property rights is common in the software industry.  We expect that software technologies and services may be increasingly subject to third-party infringement claims as the number of competitors in our industry segment grows and the functionality of products and services in different industry segments overlaps.  We may from time to time encounter disputes over rights and obligations concerning intellectual property.  Although we believe that our intellectual property rights will be sufficient to allow us to market products and services without incurring third-party liability, third parties may bring claims of infringement against us.  These claims may or may not have merit.  Any litigation to defend against claims of infringement or invalidity could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources.  Furthermore, a party making a claim could secure a judgment that requires us to pay substantial damages.  A judgment could also include an injunction or other court order that could prevent us from selling products or services.  Our business, operating results, and financial condition could be harmed if any of these events occurred.

We are heavily dependent on our executive officers and technical personnel.

We are dependent upon the continued participation and assistance of our key management and technical personnel, including David Hempstead, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and President, and Antoinette Knapp, Deputy Chief Executive Officer and Vice President.  We do not have and generally do not intend to acquire keyman life insurance on any of our executives.  We will require the recruitment and retention of additional personnel, including technical advisors and management, and the development of additional expertise by existing management.  The inability to acquire such services or to develop such expertise could have a material adverse effect on our operations.

8

We will need to hire and retain a number of key employees who may be difficult to find.

Growth may require us to hire additional personnel, including software engineers, systems engineers, customer support personnel, marketing personnel, and operational personnel.  Competition for these individuals is intense, and we may not be able to attract or retain additional highly qualified personnel in the future.  The failure to attract, motivate, and retain such additional employees could seriously harm our business.

Any substantial increase in sales will require skilled management of growth.

As our operations expand, our success will depend on our ability to manage continued growth, including integration of our executive officers, directors, and consultants into an effective management and technical team; to formulate strategic alliances, joint ventures, or other collaborative arrangements with third parties; to commercialize and market our proposed products and services; and to monitor and manage these relationships on a long-term basis.  If our management is unable to integrate these resources and manage growth effectively, the quality of our products and services, our ability to retain key personnel, and the results of our operations would be materially and adversely affected.

If we provide software products that are unreliable, we could lose customers and revenues.

Software products may contain unknown and undetected errors or performance problems.  Many serious defects in software products are frequently found during the period immediately following introduction of new or enhancements to existing products.  Although we will attempt to resolve all errors we believe our customers would consider serious, no technology is error-free.  Undetected errors or performance problems may be discovered after customers begin using our products.  This could result in lost revenues or delays in customer acceptance and could be detrimental to our reputation, which could harm our business, operating results, and financial condition.

We will be exposed to the risk of product liability.

The implementation of our business plan entails risks of product liability.  We will seek to obtain product liability insurance, but there can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain such insurance or, if we are able to do so, that we will be able to do so at rates that will make it cost-effective.  Any successful product liability claim made against us could substantially reduce or eliminate any economic return to us or our shareholders and could have a significant adverse impact on our future.

If we become subject to service-related liability claims, they could be time-consuming and costly to defend.

Because our customers will use our products and services for mission-critical applications in the medical and other fields, any errors, defects, or other performance problems could result in liability or financial or other damages to our customers.  They could seek damages for losses from us that, if successful, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition.  Although we intend for our agreements with customers to contain provisions designed to limit exposure to service-related liability claims, existing or future laws or unfavorable judicial decisions could negate these limitations of liability provisions.  A service-related liability claim brought against us, even if unsuccessful, could be time-consuming, costly to defend, and harm our reputation.

9

We are authorized to issue substantial additional shares of stock, which would dilute the ownership of our stockholders.

We have authorized 100,000,000 shares of common stock and 5,000,000 shares of preferred stock.  Of these, 21,881,863 shares of common stock and 1,200,000 shares of preferred stock are issued and outstanding as of the date of this report.  Our board of directors also has authority, without action or vote of the shareholders, to issue all or part of the authorized but unissued shares.  Any such issuance will dilute the percentage ownership of shareholders and may further dilute the book value of the shares of common stock.

Penny stock regulations will impose certain restrictions on resales of our securities, which may cause an investor to lose some or all of its investment.

The Securities and Exchange Commission has adopted regulations that generally define a “penny stock” to be any equity security that has a market price (as defined) of less than $5.00 per share that is not traded on a national securities exchange or that has an exercise price of less than $5.00 per share, subject to certain exceptions.  As a result, our common stock is subject to rules that impose additional sales practice requirements on broker-dealers that sell such securities to persons other than established customers and accredited investors (generally those with assets in excess of $1,000,000 or annual income exceeding $200,000, or $300,000 together with their spouse).  For transactions covered by these rules, the broker-dealer must make a special suitability determination for the purchase of such securities and have received the purchaser’s written consent to the transaction prior to the purchase.  Further, if the price of the stock is below $5.00 per share and the issuer does not have $2.0 million or more net tangible assets or is not listed on a registered national securities exchange, sales of such stock in the secondary trading market are subject to certain additional rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission.  These rules generally require, among other things, that brokers engaged in secondary trading of penny stocks provide customers with written disclosure documents, monthly statements of the market value of penny stocks, disclosure of the bid and asked prices, and disclosure of the compensation to the broker-dealer and the salesperson working for the broker-dealer in connection with the transaction.  These rules and regulations may affect the ability of broker-dealers to sell our common stock, thereby effectively limiting the liquidity of our common stock.  These rules may also adversely affect the ability of persons that acquire our common stock to resell their securities in any trading market that may exist at the time of such intended sale.