and Item 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about
Market Risk.

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS

An investment in our common stock is subject to risks inherent to our business.
The material risks and uncertainties that we believe affect us are described
below. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we
face. Additional risks and uncertainties that we are not aware of or focused on
or currently deem immaterial may also impair business operations. This report is
qualified in its entirety by these risk factors. If any of the following risks
actually occur, our financial condition and results of operations could be
materially and adversely affected. If this were to happen, the value of our
common stock could decline significantly, and shareholders could lose all or
part of their investment.

THE MAJORITY OF OUR SOFTWARE PRODUCTS REVENUE IS DEPENDENT ON OUR CUSTOMERS'
CONTINUED USE OF IBM AND IBM-COMPATIBLE PRODUCTS, AND ON THE ACCEPTANCE OF OUR
PRICING STRUCTURE FOR SOFTWARE LICENSES AND MAINTENANCE.

The majority of our revenue from software products is generated from products
designed for use with IBM and IBM-compatible mainframe computers. As a result,
the majority of our revenue from software products is dependent on our
customers' continued use of IBM and IBM-compatible mainframe products and on the
acceptance of our pricing structure for software licenses and maintenance. The
pricing of our software licenses and maintenance is under constant pressure from
customers and competitive vendors. In addition, because our products operate in
conjunction with IBM systems software, changes to IBM systems software may
require us to adapt our products to these changes. An inability to do so, or any
delay in doing so, may adversely affect our operating results.

OUR SOFTWARE AND TECHNOLOGY MAY INFRINGE THE PROPRIETARY RIGHTS OF OTHERS.

During the due diligence stage of any software acquisition, we research and
investigate the title to the software we will be acquiring from the seller. This
investigation generally includes without limitation, litigation searches,
copyright and trademark searches, review of development documents and interviews
with key employees of the seller regarding development, title and ownership of
the software products being acquired. The acquisition document itself generally
contains representations, warranties and covenants concerning the title and
ownership of the software products as well as indemnification and remedy
provisions in the event the representations, warranties and covenants are
breached by the seller. Our new hires sign an offer letter which states that the
new employee is being hired for his or her talent and skill rather than for any
trade secrets or proprietary information of others of which he or she may have
knowledge. Further, our employees execute an employee agreement that

 14

provides that work developed for us or our clients belongs to us or our clients,
respectively. Although we use all reasonable efforts to ensure we do not create
intellectual property that infringes on third party intellectual property
rights, there can be no assurance that third parties will not assert
infringement claims against us in the future with respect to current and future
products or that any such assertion will not require us to enter into royalty
arrangements or result in costly litigation.

OUR RESULTS COULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED IF OUR OPERATING MARGINS DECLINE.

Our operating margins may decline. We are aware that operating expenses
associated with our distributed systems products are higher than those
associated with our traditional mainframe products. Since we believe the best
opportunities for revenue growth are in the distributed systems market, product
operating margins could experience more pressure. In addition, operating margins
in the professional services business are significantly impacted by small
fluctuations in revenue since most costs are fixed during any short term period.

OUR RESULTS COULD BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY INCREASED COMPETITION, PRICING
PRESSURES AND TECHNOLOGICAL CHANGES.

The markets for our software products are highly competitive. We consider over
40 firms to be directly competitive with one or more of our products. Our
competitors include, among others, BMC Software, Inc., Borland Software Corp.,
Mercury Interactive Corporation, Computer Associates International, Inc. and
IBM. None of these competitors competes in all of our product lines. The
principal competitive factors affecting the market for our software products
include: responsiveness to customer needs, functionality, performance,
reliability, ease of use, quality of customer support, sales channels, vendor
reputation and price. A variety of external and internal events and
circumstances could adversely affect our competitive capacity. Our ability to
remain competitive will depend, to a great extent, upon our performance in
sales, product development and customer support. To be successful in the future,
we must respond promptly and effectively to our customers' purchasing
methodologies, challenges of technological change and our competitors'
innovations by continually enhancing our product offerings.

We operate in an industry characterized by rapid technological change, evolving
industry standards, changes in customer requirements and frequent new product
introductions and enhancements. If we fail to keep pace with technological
change in our industry, such failure would have an adverse effect on our
revenues. During the past several years, many new technological advancements and
competing products entered the marketplace. The distributed systems and
application management markets in which we operate have many more competitors
than our traditional mainframe systems management markets. Our ability to
compete effectively and our growth prospects depend upon many factors, including
the success of our existing distributed systems products, the timely
introduction and success of future software products, the ability of our
products to interoperate and perform well with existing and future leading
databases and other platforms supported by our products and our ability to bring
products to market that meet ever-changing customer requirements. To the extent
that our current product portfolio does not meet such changing requirements, our
revenues will suffer. Delays in new product introductions or
less-than-anticipated market acceptance of these new products are possible and
would have an adverse effect on our revenues.

Developers of third party products, including operating systems, databases,
systems software, applications, networks, servers and computer hardware,
frequently introduce new or modified products. These new or modified third party
products could incorporate features which perform functions currently performed
by our products or could require substantial modification of our products to
maintain compatibility with these companies' hardware or software. While we have
generally been able to adapt our products and our business to changes introduced
by new or modified third party product offerings, there can be no assurance that
we will be able to do so in the future. Failure to adapt our products in a
timely manner to such changes or customer decisions to forego the use of our
products in favor of those with comparable functionality contained either in the
hardware or other software could have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and operating results.

 15

THE MARKET FOR PROFESSIONAL SERVICES IS HIGHLY COMPETITIVE, FRAGMENTED AND
CHARACTERIZED BY LOW BARRIERS TO ENTRY.

Our principal competitors in professional services include, among others,
Accenture Ltd., Computer Sciences Corporation, Electronic Data Systems
Corporation, IBM Global Services, Analysts International Corporation, Keane,
Inc., Infosys Technologies and numerous other regional and local firms in the
markets in which we have professional services offices. Several of these
competitors have substantially greater financial, marketing, recruiting and
training resources than we do. The principal competitive factors affecting the
market for our professional services include responsiveness to customer needs,
breadth and depth of technical skills offered, availability and productivity of
personnel, ability to demonstrate achievement of results and price. There is no
assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in the future.

WE MUST DEVELOP OR ACQUIRE PRODUCT ENHANCEMENTS AND NEW PRODUCTS TO SUCCEED.

Our success depends in part on our ability to develop product enhancements and
new products which keep pace with continuing changes in technology and customer
preferences. The majority of our products have been developed from acquired
technology and products. We believe that our future growth lies, in part, in
continuing to identify, acquire and then develop promising technologies and
products. While we are continually searching for acquisition opportunities,
there can be no assurance that we will continue to be successful in identifying,
acquiring and developing products and technology. If any potential acquisition
opportunities are identified, there can be no assurance that we will consummate
and successfully integrate any such acquisitions and there can be no assurance
as to the timing or effect on our business of any such acquisitions. Our failure
to develop technological improvements or to adapt our products to technological
change may, over time, have a material adverse effect on our business.

ACQUISITIONS MAY BE DIFFICULT TO INTEGRATE, DISRUPT OUR BUSINESS OR DIVERT THE
ATTENTION OF OUR MANAGEMENT AND MAY RESULT IN FINANCIAL RESULTS THAT ARE
DIFFERENT THAN EXPECTED.

As part of our overall strategy, we have acquired or invested in, and plan to
continue to acquire or invest in, complementary companies, products, and
technologies and may enter into joint ventures and strategic alliances with
other companies. Risks commonly encountered in such transactions include: the
difficulty of assimilating the operations and personnel of the combined
companies; the risk that we may not be able to integrate the acquired
technologies or products with our current products and technologies; the
potential disruption of our ongoing business; the inability to retain key
technical, sales and managerial personnel; the inability of management to
maximize our financial and strategic position through the successful integration
of acquired businesses; the risk that revenues from acquired companies, products
and technologies do not meet our expectations; and decreases in reported
earnings as a result of charges for in-process research and development and
amortization of acquired intangible assets.

For us to maximize the return on some of our investments in acquired companies,
the products of these entities must be integrated with our existing products.
These integrations can be difficult and unpredictable, especially given the
complexity of software and that acquired technology is typically developed
independently and designed with no regard to integration. The difficulties are
compounded when the products involved are well-established because compatibility
with the existing base of installed products must be preserved. Successful
integration also requires coordination of different development and engineering
teams. This too can be difficult and unpredictable because of possible cultural
conflicts and different opinions on technical decisions and product roadmaps.
There can be no assurance that we will be successful in our product integration
efforts or that we will realize the expected benefits.

With each of our acquisitions, we have initiated efforts to integrate the
disparate cultures, employees, systems and products of these companies.
Retention of key employees is critical to ensure the continued development,
support, sales and marketing efforts pertaining to the acquired products. We
have implemented retention programs to keep many of the key technical and sales
employees of acquired companies; nonetheless, we have lost some key employees
and may lose others in the future.

 16

WE ARE EXPOSED TO EXCHANGE RATE RISKS ON FOREIGN CURRENCIES AND TO OTHER
INTERNATIONAL RISKS WHICH MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS AND RESULTS OF
OPERATIONS.

Approximately one-third of our total revenues are derived from foreign
operations and we expect that foreign operations will continue to generate a
significant percentage of our total revenues. Products are priced in the
currency of the country in which they are sold. Changes in the exchange rates of
foreign currencies or exchange controls may adversely affect our results of
operations. The international business is also subject to other risks, including
the need to comply with foreign and U.S. laws and the greater difficulty of
managing business overseas. In addition, our foreign operations are affected by
general economic conditions in the international markets in which we do
business. A worsening of economic conditions in these markets could cause
customers to delay or forego decisions to license new products or to reduce
their requirements for professional services.

A FURTHER DECLINE IN THE U.S. DOMESTIC AUTOMOTIVE MANUFACTURING BUSINESS COULD
ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR PROFESSIONAL SERVICES BUSINESS.

Approximately 33% of our worldwide professional services revenue is generated
from customers in the automotive industry, with the vast majority of that
related to U.S. domestic automotive manufacturers. Many participants in the
domestic automotive industry are engaged in restructuring and other efforts to
cut costs, including IT expenditures. Further negative developments in this
industry could reduce the demand for our services from these customers, which
could have a significant impact on our professional services revenue and our
margins.

CURRENT LAWS MAY NOT ADEQUATELY PROTECT OUR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS.

We regard our software as proprietary and attempt to protect it with copyrights,
trademarks, trade secret laws and/or restrictions on disclosure, copying and
transferring title. Despite these precautions, it may be possible for
unauthorized third parties to copy certain portions of our products or to obtain
and use information that we regard as proprietary. We have many patents and many
patent applications pending. However, existing patent and copyright laws afford
only limited practical protection. In addition, the laws of some foreign
countries do not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as the laws
of the United States. Any claims, against those who infringe on our proprietary
rights can be time consuming and expensive to prosecute, and there can be no
assurance that we would be successful in protecting our rights despite
significant expenditures.

THE LOSS OF CERTAIN KEY EMPLOYEES AND TECHNICAL PERSONNEL OR OUR INABILITY TO
HIRE ADDITIONAL QUALIFIED PERSONNEL COULD HAVE A MATERIAL ADVERSE EFFECT ON OUR
BUSINESS.

Our success depends in part upon the continued service of our key senior
management and technical personnel. Such personnel are not parties to employment
contracts with us and may leave Compuware at any time. Our success also depends
on our continuing ability to attract and retain highly qualified technical,
managerial and marketing personnel. The market for professional services and
software products personnel has historically been, and we expect that it will
continue to be, intensely competitive. There can be no assurance that we will
continue to be successful in attracting or retaining such personnel. The loss of
certain key employees or our inability to attract and retain other qualified
employees could have a material adverse effect on our business.

OUR QUARTERLY FINANCIAL RESULTS VARY AND MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY A NUMBER
OF UNPREDICTABLE FACTORS.

Our revenues vary from quarter to quarter, with the largest portion of revenues
historically recognized in the third and fourth quarters of each fiscal year. We
believe that these quarterly patterns are partly attributable to the budgeting
and purchasing cycles of customers and to our sales commission policies on our
software products, which compensate sales personnel for meeting or exceeding
annual quotas. We typically do not have a material backlog of unfilled orders,
and revenues in any quarter are substantially dependent on orders booked in the
quarter. A significant amount of our transactions are completed during the final
weeks and days of the quarter, and therefore we generally do not know whether
revenues or earnings will have met expectations until shortly after the end of
the quarter. Our customers license our products under varying structures some of
which require revenues to be

 17

deferred or recognized ratably over time. Changes in the mix of customer
agreements could affect revenue in a quarter. Any significant shortfall in
revenues or earnings or lowered expectations could cause our stock price to
decline.

Investors should not rely on the results of prior periods or on historical
seasonality in license revenue as an indication of our future performance. Our
operating expense levels are relatively fixed and are based, in part, on our
expectations of future revenue. If we have a shortfall in revenue in any given
quarter, we will not be able to reduce our operating expenses for that quarter
proportionally in response. Therefore, net income may be disproportionately
affected by a fluctuation in revenue.

MAINTENANCE REVENUE COULD DECLINE.

Maintenance revenues have increased in recent years as a result of acquisitions
and the continuing growth in the base of installed products and the processing
capacity on which they run. Maintenance fees increase as the processing capacity
on which the products are installed increases; consequently, we receive higher
absolute maintenance fees with new license and maintenance agreements and as
existing customers install our products on additional processing capacity.
Declines in our license bookings or increased customer cancellations could lead
to declines in our maintenance revenues.

UNANTICIPATED CHANGES IN OUR OPERATING RESULTS OR EFFECTIVE TAX RATES, OR
EXPOSURE TO ADDITIONAL INCOME TAX LIABILITIES, COULD AFFECT OUR PROFITABILITY.

We estimate income taxes in each of the jurisdictions in which we operate, net
deferred tax assets based on expected future taxable benefits in such
jurisdictions and our valuation allowance for deferred tax assets. As a result,
management must determine the appropriate allocation of income in accordance
with local law for each of these jurisdictions. We must also assess the
likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable
income and, to the extent we believe that recovery is not likely, we must
establish a valuation allowance. To the extent we establish a valuation
allowance or increase this allowance in a period, we must include an expense
within the tax provision in the statement of operations. Changes in estimates of
projected future operating results or in assumptions regarding our ability to
generate future taxable income could result in significant changes to our tax
expense and valuation allowance and, therefore, net income.

In addition, we recognize contingent tax liabilities through tax expense for
estimated exposures related to our current tax positions. We evaluate the need
for contingent tax liabilities on a quarterly basis and any change in the amount
will be recorded in our results of operations, as appropriate. It could take
several years to resolve certain of these contingencies.

We are required to file corporate income tax returns in the United States and in
multiple foreign jurisdictions that are subject to United States, state and
foreign tax laws. The United States, state and foreign tax liabilities are
determined, in part, by the amount of operating profit generated in these
different taxing jurisdictions. We are also subject to routine corporate income
tax audits in multiple jurisdictions. Our provision for income taxes includes
amounts intended to satisfy income tax assessments that may result from the
examination of our corporate tax returns that have been filed in these
jurisdictions. The amounts ultimately paid upon resolution of these examinations
could be materially different from the amounts included in the provision for
income taxes and result in additional tax expense.

ACTS OF TERRORISM, ACTS OF WAR AND OTHER UNFORESEEN EVENTS MAY CAUSE DAMAGE OR
DISRUPTION TO US OR OUR CUSTOMERS WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR BUSINESS,
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND OPERATING RESULTS.

Natural disasters, acts of war, terrorist attacks and the escalation of military
activity in response to such attacks or otherwise may have negative and
significant effects, such as imposition of increased security measures, changes
in applicable laws, market disruptions and job losses. Such events may have an
adverse effect on the economy in general. Moreover, the potential for future
terrorist attacks and the national and international responses to such threats
could affect the business in ways that cannot be predicted. The effect of any of
these events or threats could have an adverse affect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

 18

OUR ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION, BYLAWS AND RIGHTS AGREEMENT AS WELL AS CERTAIN
PROVISIONS OF MICHIGAN LAW MAY HAVE AN ANTI-TAKEOVER EFFECT.

Provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws, Michigan law and the
rights agreement, dated October 25, 2000, as amended, between Compuware
Corporation and Equiserve Trust Company, N.A. (now known as Computershare Trust
Company N.A.), as rights agent, could make it more difficult for a third party
to acquire Compuware, even if doing so would be perceived to be beneficial to
shareholders. The combination of these provisions inhibits a non-negotiated
acquisition, merger or other business combination involving Compuware, which, in
turn, could adversely affect the market price of our common stock.