The
risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 

Defects or disruptions in our service could diminish demand for our service and subject us to substantial liability. 

Because our service is complex and we have incorporated a variety of new computer hardware and software which is developed in-house and acquired from third party vendors, our service may have errors or
defects that users identify after they begin using it that could result in unanticipated downtime for our subscribers and harm our reputation and our business. Internet-based services frequently contain undetected errors when first introduced or
when new versions or enhancements are released. We have from time to time found defects in our service and new errors in our existing service may be detected in the future. In addition, our customers may use our service in unanticipated ways that
may cause a disruption in service for other customers attempting to access their data. Since our customers use our service for important aspects of their business, any errors, defects, disruptions in service or other performance problems with our
service could hurt our reputation and may damage our customers’ businesses. If that occurs, customers could elect not to renew, or delay or withhold payment to us, we could lose future sales or customers may make warranty or other claims
against us, which could result in an increase in our provision for doubtful accounts, an increase in collection cycles for accounts receivable or the expense and risk of litigation. 

Interruptions or delays in service from our third-party data center hosting facilities could impair the delivery of our service and
harm our business. 

We currently serve our customers from third-party data center hosting facilities located in the
United States and Singapore. Any damage to, or failure of, our systems generally could result in interruptions in our service. As we continue to add data centers and add capacity in our existing data centers, we may move or transfer our data and our
customers’ data. Despite precautions taken during this process, any unsuccessful data transfers may impair the delivery of our service. Further, any damage to, or failure of, our systems generally could result in interruptions in our service.
Interruptions in our service may reduce our revenue, cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers to terminate their subscriptions and adversely affect our renewal rates and our ability to attract new customers. Our business will also
be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our service is unreliable. 

As part of our current disaster
recovery arrangements, our production environment and all of our customers’ data is currently replicated in near real-time in a facility located on the east coast of the United States. Companies and products added through acquisition may be
temporarily served through alternate facilities. We do not control the operation of any of these facilities, and they are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures and similar
events. They may also be subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and similar misconduct. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, the occurrence of a natural disaster or an act of terrorism, a decision to close the
facilities without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems at these facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. Even with the disaster recovery arrangements, our service could be interrupted. 

If our security measures are breached and unauthorized access is obtained to a customer’s data or our data or our information
technology systems, our service may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop using our service and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities. 

Our service involves the storage and transmission of customers’ proprietary information, and security breaches could expose us to a
risk of loss of this information, litigation and possible liability. These security 

13 

Table of Contents

measures may be breached as a result of third-party action, including intentional misconduct by computer hackers, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, during transfer of data to additional
data centers or at any time, and result in someone obtaining unauthorized access to our customers’ data or our data, including our intellectual property and other confidential business information, or our information technology systems.
Additionally, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as user names, passwords or other information in order to gain access to our customers’ data or our data, including
our intellectual property and other confidential business information, or our information technology systems. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to sabotage systems, change frequently and generally are not recognized until
launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. In addition, our customers may authorize third party technology providers, whose applications are available through our
AppExchange directory, to access their customer data. Because we do not control the transmissions between our customers and third-party AppExchange technology providers, or the processing of such data by third-party AppExchange technology providers,
we cannot ensure the complete integrity or security of such transmissions or processing. Any security breach could result in a loss of confidence in the security of our service, damage our reputation, disrupt our business, lead to legal liability
and negatively impact our future sales. 

Because we recognize revenue from subscriptions for our service over the term
of the subscription, downturns or upturns in sales may not be immediately reflected in our operating results. 

We
generally recognize revenue from customers ratably over the terms of their subscription agreements, which are typically 12 to 24 months, although terms can range from one to 60 months. As a result, most of the revenue we report in each quarter is
derived from the recognition of deferred revenue relating to subscription agreements entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any one quarter may not be immediately reflected in our revenue
results for that quarter. Such a decline, however, will negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our service, and potential changes in our rate of renewals
may not be fully reflected in our results of operations until future periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers must be
recognized over the applicable subscription term. In addition, we may be unable to adjust our cost structure to reflect the changes in revenues. 

We cannot accurately predict subscription renewal or upgrade rates and the impact these rates may have on our future revenue and operating results. 

Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our service after the expiration of their initial subscription period,
which is typically 12 to 24 months, and in fact, some customers have elected not to renew. In addition, our customers may renew for fewer subscriptions, renew for shorter contract lengths, or renew for lower cost editions of our service. We cannot
accurately predict renewal rates, particularly for our enterprise customers who purchase a large number of subscriptions under multiyear contracts and for our small and medium size business customers. Our renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a
result of a number of factors, including customer dissatisfaction with our service, customers’ ability to continue their operations and spending levels, decreases in the number of users at our customers and deteriorating general economic
conditions. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our service or reduce the number of paying subscriptions at the time of renewal, our revenue will decline and our business will suffer. 

Our future success also depends in part on our ability to sell additional features and services, more subscriptions or enhanced editions
of our service to our current customers. This may also require increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts that are targeted at senior management. Similarly, the rate at which our customers purchase new or enhanced services depends on a
number of factors, including general economic conditions. If our efforts to upsell to our customers are not successful, our business may suffer. 

14 

Table of Contents

If we experience significant fluctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and fail
to balance our expenses with our revenue forecasts, our results could be harmed. 

Due to our evolving business model
and the unpredictability of future general economic and financial market conditions, we may not be able to accurately forecast our rate of growth. We plan our expense levels and investment on estimates of future revenue and future anticipated rate
of growth. We may not be able to adjust our spending quickly enough if the addition of new subscriptions or the renewal rate for existing subscriptions falls short of our expectations. 

As a result, we expect that our revenues, operating results and cash flows may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis. Our recent
revenue growth rates may not be sustainable and may decline in the future. We believe that period-to-period comparisons of our revenues, operating results and cash flows may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of future
performance. 

We have been and may in the future be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary
rights. 

The software and Internet industries are characterized by the existence of a large number of patents,
trademarks and copyrights and by frequent litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We have received in the past and may receive in the future communications from third parties claiming that
we have infringed the intellectual property rights of others. In addition we have been, and may in the future be, sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights. Our technologies may be subject to injunction if they are
held to infringe the rights of a third party or we may be required to pay damages or both. 

The outcome of any litigation,
regardless of its merits, is inherently uncertain. Any intellectual property claims and lawsuits could be time-consuming and expensive to resolve, divert management attention from executing our business plan and require us to change our technology,
change our business practices and/or pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing agreements. 

Many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims,
which would increase the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim. Any adverse determination related to intellectual property claims or litigation could prevent us from offering our service to others, could be material to our net income or
cash flows (or both) or could otherwise adversely affect our operating results. 

Our exposure to risks associated with the use
of intellectual property may be increased as a result of acquisitions, as we have a lower level of visibility into the development process with respect to such technology or the care taken to safeguard against infringement risks. In addition, third
parties may make infringement and similar or related claims after we have acquired technology that had not been asserted prior to our acquisition. 

Our quarterly results can fluctuate and our stock price and the value of your investment could decline substantially. 

Our quarterly operating results are likely to fluctuate. For example, our fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals. The year-over-year compounding effect of
this seasonality in billing patterns and overall new business and renewal activity causes the value of invoices that we generate in the fourth quarter to continually increase in proportion to our billings in the other three quarters of our fiscal
year. 

Additionally, some of the important factors that may cause our revenues, operating results and cash flows to fluctuate
from quarter to quarter include: 

•

 our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers and satisfy our customers’ requirements;

15 

Table of Contents

•

 the renewal rates for our service; 

•

 the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the operations and expansion of our business;

•

 the number of new employees added; 

•

 changes in our pricing policies whether initiated by us or as a result of intense competition; 

•

 the cost, timing and management effort for the introduction of new features to our service; 

•

 the rate of expansion and productivity of our sales force; 

•

 the length of the sales cycle for our service; 

•

 new product and service introductions by our competitors; 

•

 our success in selling our service to large enterprises; 

•

 variations in the revenue mix of editions of our service; 

•

 technical difficulties or interruptions in our service; 

•

 expenses related to developing our new global headquarters and increasing our data center capacity and expanding our data centers domestically and
internationally; 

•

 changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 

•

 changes in interest rates and our mix of investments, which would impact our return on our investments in cash and marketable securities;

•

 conditions, particularly sudden changes, in the financial markets have and may continue to impact the value of and access to our investment portfolio;

•

 changes in the effective tax rates; 

•

 general economic conditions that may adversely affect either our customers’ ability or willingness to purchase additional subscriptions or upgrade
their service, or delay a prospective customers’ purchasing decision, or reduce the value of new subscription contracts, or affect renewal rates; 

•

 timing of additional investments in our enterprise cloud computing application and platform services and in our consulting service;

•

 changes in deferred revenue balances due to the seasonal nature of our customer invoicing, changes in the average duration of our invoices, rate of
renewals and the rate of new business growth; 

•

 regulatory compliance costs; 

•

 the timing of customer payments and payment defaults by customers; 

•

 costs associated with acquisitions of companies and technologies; 

•

 extraordinary expenses such as litigation or other dispute-related settlement payments; 

•

 the impact of new accounting pronouncements; and 

•

 the timing of stock awards to employees and the related adverse financial statement impact of having to expense those stock awards ratably over their
vesting schedules. 

Many of these factors are outside of our control, and the occurrence of one or more of
them might cause our operating results to vary widely. As such, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenues, operating results and cash flows may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of future
performance. 

16 

Table of Contents

Additionally, we may fail to meet or exceed the expectations of securities analysts and
investors, and the market price of our common stock could decline. If one or more of the securities analysts who cover us change their recommendation regarding our stock adversely, the market price of our common stock could decline. Moreover, our
stock price may be based on expectations, estimates or forecasts of our future performance that may be unrealistic or that may not be met. Further, our stock price may be affected by financial media, including television, radio and press reports and
blogs. 

Weakened global economic conditions may adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations.

Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic conditions. The United States and other key
international economies have experienced in the past a downturn in which economic activity was impacted by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit,
equity and foreign exchange markets, bankruptcies and overall uncertainty with respect to the economy. These conditions affect the rate of information technology spending and could adversely affect our customers’ ability or willingness to
purchase our enterprise cloud computing services, delay prospective customers’ purchasing decisions, reduce the value or duration of their subscription contracts, or affect renewal rates, all of which could adversely affect our operating
results. 

As we acquire companies or technologies, they could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute
stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results and the value of your investment. 

As part of our business
strategy, we periodically make investments in, or acquisitions of, complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and technologies, and we expect that we will continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future. Acquisitions and
investments involve numerous risks, including: 

•

 the potential failure to achieve the expected benefits of the combination or acquisition; 

•

 difficulties in and the cost of integrating operations, technologies, services and personnel; 

•

 diversion of financial and managerial resources from existing operations; 

•

 risk of entering new markets in which we have little or no experience or where competitors may have stronger market positions;

•

 potential write-offs of acquired assets or investments; 

•

 potential loss of key employees; 

•

 inability to generate sufficient revenue to offset acquisition or investment costs; 

•

 the inability to maintain relationships with customers and partners of the acquired business; 

•

 the difficulty of incorporating acquired technology and rights into our products and services and of maintaining quality standards consistent with our
brand; 

•

 potential unknown liabilities associated with the acquired businesses; 

•

 unanticipated expenses related to acquired technology and its integration into existing technology; 

•

 negative impact to our results of operations because of the depreciation and amortization of amounts related to acquired intangible assets, fixed
assets and deferred compensation, and the loss of acquired deferred revenue; 

•

 delays in customer purchases due to uncertainty related to any acquisition; 

•

 the need to implement controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a public company at companies that prior to the acquisition lacked such
controls, procedures and policies; and 

•

 challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences. 

17 

Table of Contents

In addition, if we finance acquisitions by issuing equity or convertible debt securities,
our existing stockholders may be diluted which could affect the market price of our common stock. Further, if we fail to properly evaluate and execute acquisitions or investments, our business and prospects may be seriously harmed and the value of
your investment may decline. 

We rely on third-party computer hardware and software that may be difficult to replace or
which could cause errors or failures of our service. 

We rely on computer hardware purchased or leased and software
licensed from third parties in order to offer our service, including database software from Oracle Corporation. This hardware and software may not continue to be available at reasonable prices or on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Any loss
of the right to use any of this hardware or software could significantly increase our expenses and otherwise result in delays in the provisioning of our service until equivalent technology is either developed by us, or, if available, is identified,
obtained and integrated. Any errors or defects in third-party hardware or software could result in errors or a failure of our service which could harm our business. 

If the market for our technology delivery model and enterprise cloud computing services develops more slowly than we expect, our business could be harmed. 

The market for enterprise cloud computing application services is not as mature as the market for packaged enterprise software, and it is
uncertain whether these services will achieve and sustain high levels of demand and market acceptance. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the willingness of enterprises, large and small, to increase their use of enterprise cloud
computing application services in general, and for CRM in particular. Many enterprises have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to integrate traditional enterprise software into their businesses, and therefore may be reluctant or
unwilling to migrate to an enterprise cloud computing application service. Furthermore, some enterprises may be reluctant or unwilling to use enterprise cloud computing application services because they have concerns regarding the risks associated
with security capabilities, among other things, of the technology delivery model associated with these services. If enterprises do not perceive the benefits of enterprise cloud computing application services, then the market for these services may
not develop at all, or it may develop more slowly than we expect, either of which would significantly adversely affect our operating results. In addition, we may make errors in predicting and reacting to relevant business trends, which could harm
our business. Our success also depends on the willingness of third-party developers to build applications that are complementary to our service. Without the development of these applications, both current and potential customers may not find our
service sufficiently attractive. In addition, for those customers who authorize third-party technology partner access to their data, we do not warrant the functionality, security and integrity of the data transmission or processing. Despite contract
provisions to protect us, customers may look to us to support and warrant the third-party applications, which may expose us to potential claims, liabilities and obligations for applications we did not develop or sell. 

The market in which we participate is intensely competitive, and if we do not compete effectively, our operating results could be
harmed. 

The market for enterprise CRM business applications and development platforms is highly competitive, rapidly
evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services. We compete primarily with vendors of packaged CRM software and companies offering on-demand CRM
applications. We also compete with internally developed applications and face, or expect to face, competition from enterprise software vendors and online service providers who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new
applications that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services. Our current competitors include: 

•

 enterprise software application vendors; 

•

 on-demand CRM application service providers; 

18 

Table of Contents

•

 enterprise software application service providers; 

•

 traditional platform development environment companies; and 

•

 cloud computing development platform companies. 

Many of our current and potential competitors enjoy substantial competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories and larger marketing budgets, as well as substantially
greater financial, technical and other resources. In addition, many of our current and potential competitors have established marketing relationships and access to larger customer bases, and have major distribution agreements with consultants,
system integrators and resellers. 

As a result, our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we
can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements. Furthermore, because of these advantages, even if our service is more effective than the products that our competitors offer, potential customers might accept
competitive products and services in lieu of purchasing our service. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors. 

Our efforts to expand our service beyond the CRM market and to develop our existing service in order to keep pace with
technological developments may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate and/or harm our business. 

We derive
substantially all of our revenue from subscriptions to our CRM enterprise cloud computing application service, and we expect this will continue for the foreseeable future. The market for our Force.com cloud computing platform is relatively new and
it is uncertain whether our efforts will ever result in significant revenue for us. Further, the introduction of new services beyond the CRM market may not be successful, and early stage interest and adoption of such new services may not result in
long term success or significant revenue for us. Our efforts to expand our service beyond the CRM market may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate. 

Additionally, if we are unable to develop enhancements to and new features for our existing service or new services that keep pace with rapid technological developments, our business will be harmed. The
success of enhancements, new features and services depends on several factors, including the timely completion, introduction and market acceptance of the feature or edition. Failure in this regard may significantly impair our revenue growth. In
addition, because our service is designed to operate on a variety of network hardware and software platforms using a standard browser, we will need to continuously modify and enhance our service to keep pace with changes in Internet-related
hardware, software, communication, browser and database technologies. We may not be successful in either developing these modifications and enhancements or in timely bringing them to market. Furthermore, uncertainties about the timing and nature of
new network platforms or technologies, or modifications to existing platforms or technologies, could increase our research and development or service delivery expenses. Any failure of our service to operate effectively with future network platforms
and technologies could reduce the demand for our service, result in customer dissatisfaction and harm our business. 

Supporting our existing and growing customer base could strain our personnel resources and infrastructure, and if we are unable to
scale our operations and increase productivity, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan. 

We
continue to experience significant growth in our customer base, which has placed a strain on our management, administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. We anticipate that additional investments in our infrastructure and research and
development spending will be required to scale our operations and increase productivity, to address the needs of our customers, to further develop and enhance our service, and to expand into new geographic areas. 

19 

Table of Contents

Our success will depend in part upon the ability of our senior management to manage our
projected growth effectively. To do so, we must continue to increase the productivity of our existing employees and to hire, train and manage new employees as needed. To manage the expected domestic and international growth of our operations and
personnel, we will need to continue to improve our operational, financial and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. The additional investments we are making will increase our cost base, which will make it more difficult for
us to offset any future revenue shortfalls by reducing expenses in the short term. If we fail to successfully scale our operations and increase productivity, we will be unable to execute our business plan. 

As more of our sales efforts are targeted at larger enterprise customers, our sales cycle may become more time-consuming and
expensive, we may encounter pricing pressure and implementation and customization challenges, and we may have to delay revenue recognition for some complex transactions, all of which could harm our business and operating results. 

As we target more of our sales efforts at larger enterprise customers, we will face greater costs, longer sales cycles and less
predictability in completing some of our sales. In this market segment, the customer’s decision to use our service may be an enterprise-wide decision and, if so, these types of sales would require us to provide greater levels of education
regarding the use and benefits of our service, as well as education regarding privacy and data protection laws and regulations to prospective customers with international operations. In addition, larger customers may demand more customization,
integration services and features. As a result of these factors, these sales opportunities may require us to devote greater sales support and professional services resources to individual customers, driving up costs and time required to complete
sales and diverting our own sales and professional services resources to a smaller number of larger transactions, while potentially requiring us to delay revenue recognition on some of these transactions until the technical or implementation
requirements have been met. 

Professional services may also be performed by a third party or a combination of our own staff
and a third party. Our strategy is to work with third parties to increase the breadth of capability and depth of capacity for delivery of these services to our customers. If a customer is not satisfied with the quality of work performed by us or a
third party or with the type of services or solutions delivered, then we could incur additional costs to address the situation, the profitability of that work might be impaired, and the customer’s dissatisfaction with our services could damage
our ability to obtain additional work from that customer. In addition, negative publicity related to our customer relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage our business by affecting our ability to compete for new business with
current and prospective customers. 

Periodic changes of our sales organization can be disruptive and may negatively
impact our revenues. 

We periodically change and make adjustments to our sales organization in response to market
opportunities, competitive threats, management changes, product introductions or enhancements, acquisitions, sales performance, increases in sales headcount, cost levels, and other internal and external considerations. In the past, these changes
sometimes resulted in a temporary lack of focus and reduced productivity; these effects could recur in connection with any future sales changes we might undertake and our rate of revenue growth could be negatively affected. In addition, any
significant change to the way we structure our compensation of our sales organization may be disruptive and may affect our revenue growth. 

Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. 

If we fail to protect our intellectual property rights adequately, our competitors might gain access to our technology, and our business
might be harmed. In addition, defending our intellectual property rights might entail significant expense. Any of our trademarks or other intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or
litigation. While we have some U.S. patents and many 

20 

Table of Contents

U.S. and international patent applications pending, we may be unable to obtain patent protection for the technology covered in our patent applications. In addition, our existing patents and any
patents issued in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages, or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Furthermore, legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property
rights are uncertain. Effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every country in which our service is available. The laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual
property rights as those in the U.S., and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. Accordingly, despite our efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our
intellectual property. 

We might be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property
rights. We may initiate claims or litigation against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our proprietary rights. Any litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, could result in
significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel. 

If we fail to develop our
brands, our business may suffer. 

We believe that developing and maintaining awareness of the salesforce.com brand and
our other brands is critical to achieving widespread acceptance of our existing and future services and is an important element in attracting new customers. In the past, our efforts to build our brands have involved significant expense. Brand
promotion activities may not yield increased revenue, and even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incurred in building our brands. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brands, or incur substantial
expenses in an unsuccessful attempt to promote and maintain our brands, we may fail to attract enough new customers or retain our existing customers to the extent necessary to realize a sufficient return on our brand-building efforts, and our
business could suffer. 

We may not realize the anticipated benefits in connection with our purchase of undeveloped land
in San Francisco where we plan to develop our global headquarters. If we do not realize these benefits, our financial performance will be negatively impacted. 

In November 2010, we purchased approximately 14 acres of undeveloped real estate in San Francisco, California, including entitlements and improvements associated with the land, which we plan to develop
into our global headquarters. We may not realize the anticipated benefits with respect to the purchase and future development of such real estate. We have devoted significant capital resources to the purchase, and we will be required to devote
substantial additional resources in the future to building our global headquarters on such land, which may impact our liquidity and financial flexibility. We may not be able to obtain financing for development projects on favorable terms, or at all,
or complete construction on schedule or within budget. Any delay or lack of available financing could result in increased constructions costs and debt costs to fund such construction and development. In addition, our development efforts
will otherwise be subject to various operational risks. We may not be able to obtain, or may experience delays in obtaining, all necessary zoning, land-use, building, occupancy and other governmental permits and authorizations. The construction
costs and total investment amounts may exceed any estimates that we formulate, and projects may not be completed, or delivered as planned. Finally, real estate assets are not as liquid as certain other types of assets. In the event that we have
a future need to sell this property, we may not be able to do so on favorable terms or at all. 

Sales to customers
outside the United States expose us to risks inherent in international sales. 

Because we sell our service throughout
the world, we are subject to risks and challenges that we would otherwise not face if we conducted our business only in the United States. For example, sales in Europe and Asia Pacific together represented approximately 30 percent of our total
revenues for the year ended January 31, 2011, and we intend to continue to expand our international sales efforts. The risks and challenges associated with sales to customers outside the United States include: 

21 

Table of Contents

•

 localization of our service, including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses; 

•

 laws and business practices favoring local competitors; 

•

 compliance with multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, privacy and data protection laws and
regulations; 

•

 treatment of revenue from international sources and changes to tax codes, including being subject to foreign tax laws and being liable for paying
withholding income or other taxes in foreign jurisdictions; 

•

 regional data privacy laws that apply to the transmission of our customers’ data across international borders; 

•

 foreign currency fluctuations and controls; 

•

 different pricing environments; 

•

 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

•

 different or lesser protection of our intellectual property; 

•

 longer accounts receivable payment cycles and other collection difficulties; 

•

 regional economic conditions; and 

•

 regional political conditions. 

Any of these factors could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 

Additionally, our international subscription fees are paid either in U.S. dollars or local currency. As a result, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may make our service
more expensive for international customers, which could harm our business. 

From time to time, we may become defendants
in legal proceedings about which we are unable to assess our exposure and which could become significant liabilities upon judgment. 

We may become defendants in legal proceedings from time to time. Companies in our industry have been subject to claims related to patent infringement and product liability, as well as contract and
employment-related claims. We may not be able to accurately assess the risk related to these suits, and we may be unable to accurately assess our level of exposure. 

Privacy concerns and laws, evolving regulation of the Internet and other domestic or foreign regulations may reduce the effectiveness of our solution and adversely affect our business.

As Internet commerce continues to evolve, increasing regulation by federal, state or foreign agencies becomes more
likely. For example, we believe increased regulation is likely in the area of data privacy, and laws and regulations applying to the solicitation, collection, processing or use of personal or consumer information could affect our customers’
ability to use and share data, potentially reducing demand for CRM solutions and restricting our ability to store, process and share data with our customers. 

Our customers can use our service to store contact and other personal or identifying information regarding their customers and contacts. Federal, state and foreign government bodies and agencies have
adopted or are considering adopting laws and regulations regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information obtained from consumers and individuals. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, such laws and
regulations that are applicable to the businesses of our customers may limit the use and adoption of our service and reduce overall demand for it, or lead to significant fines, penalties or liabilities for any noncompliance with such privacy laws.
Furthermore, privacy concerns may cause our customers’ customers to resist providing the personal data necessary to allow our customers to use our service effectively. Even the perception of privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may inhibit
market adoption of our service in certain industries. 

22 

Table of Contents

For example, in the United States regulations such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which
protects and restricts the use of consumer credit and financial information, and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, which regulates the use and disclosure of personal health information, impose significant requirements
and obligations on businesses that may affect the use and adoption of our service. The European Union has also adopted a data privacy directive that requires member states to impose restrictions on the collection and use of personal data that, in
some respects, are more stringent, and impose more significant burdens on subject businesses, than current privacy standards in the United States. 

All of these domestic and international legislative and regulatory initiatives may adversely affect our customers’ ability to collect and/or use demographic and personal information from their
customers, which could reduce demand for our service. Many other jurisdictions have similar stringent privacy laws and regulations. 

In addition to government activity, privacy advocacy groups and the technology and other industries are considering various new, additional or different self-regulatory standards that may place additional
burdens on us. If the gathering of personal information were to be curtailed in this manner, CRM solutions would be less effective, which may reduce demand for our service and harm our business. 

We may lose key members of our management team and development and operations personnel, or may be unable to attract and retain
employees we need to support our operations and growth. 

Our success depends substantially upon the continued services
of our executive officers and other key members of management, particularly our Chief Executive Officer. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives. Such changes in
our executive management team may be disruptive to our business. We are also substantially dependent on the continued service of our existing development and operations personnel because of the complexity of our service and technologies. We do not
have employment agreements with any of our executive officers, key management, development or operations personnel and, therefore, they could terminate their employment with us at any time. The loss of one or more of our key employees or groups
could seriously harm our business. 

In the technology industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for engineers
with high levels of experience in designing, developing and managing software and Internet-related services, as well as competition for sales executives and operations personnel. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified
personnel. We have from time to time experienced, and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and
motivate our current personnel, our business and future growth prospects could be severely harmed. 

Unanticipated
changes in our effective tax rate could adversely affect our future results. 

We are subject to income taxes in the
United States and various foreign jurisdictions, and our domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. 

Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, certain non-deductible expenses as a result of
acquisitions, the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and changes in federal, state or international tax laws and accounting principles. Increases in our effective tax rate could materially affect our net results. 

In addition, we are subject to income tax audits by many tax jurisdictions throughout the world. Although we believe our income tax
liabilities are reasonably estimated and accounted for in accordance with applicable laws and principles, an adverse resolution of one or more uncertain tax positions in any period could have a material impact on the results of operations for that
period. 

23 

Table of Contents

Natural disasters and other events beyond our control could materially adversely
affect us. 

Natural disasters or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations,
international commerce and the global economy, and thus could have a strong negative effect on us. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shortages, pandemics and other events beyond our control.
Although we maintain crisis management and disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers, and could decrease demand for our services. The majority of our research and
development activities, corporate headquarters, information technology systems, and other critical business operations, are located near major seismic faults in the San Francisco Bay Area. Because we do not carry earthquake insurance for direct
quake-related losses, and significant recovery time could be required to resume operations, our financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected in the event of a major earthquake or catastrophic event. 

Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock and our Convertible Senior Notes due 2015 

The market price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could subject us to litigation. 

The trading prices of the securities of technology companies have been highly volatile. Accordingly, the market price of our common stock
has been and is likely to continue to be subject to wide fluctuations. Factors affecting the market price of our common stock include: 

•

 variations in our operating results, earnings per share, cash flows from operating activities, deferred revenue, and other financial metrics and
non-financial metrics, and how those results compare to analyst expectations; 

•

 forward looking guidance to industry and financial analysts related to future revenue and earnings per share; 

•

 the net increases in the number of customers, either independently or as compared with published expectations of industry, financial or other analysts
that cover our company; 

•

 changes in the estimates of our operating results or changes in recommendations by securities analysts that elect to follow our common stock;

•

 announcements of technological innovations, new services or service enhancements, strategic alliances or significant agreements by us or by our
competitors; 

•

 announcements by us or by our competitors of mergers or other strategic acquisitions, or rumors of such transactions involving us or our competitors;

•

 announcements of customer additions and customer cancellations or delays in customer purchases; 

•

 recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

•

 disruptions in our service due to computer hardware, software or network problems; 

•

 the economy as a whole, market conditions in our industry, and the industries of our customers; 

•

 trading activity by a limited number of stockholders who together beneficially own a majority of our outstanding common stock;

•

 the issuance of shares of common stock by us, whether in connection with an acquisition, a capital raising transaction or upon conversion of some or
all of our outstanding $575.0 million of 0.75% convertible senior notes due January 15, 2015 (the “Notes”); and 

•

 any other factors discussed herein. 

In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in general experiences uneven investor confidence, the market price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our
business, operating 

24 

Table of Contents

results or financial condition. The market price of our common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies within, or outside, our industry even if these events do
not directly affect us. Some companies that have experienced volatility in the trading price of their stock have been the subject of securities class action litigation. If we are the subject of such litigation, it could result in substantial costs
and a diversion of management’s attention and resources. 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and bylaws, Delaware law and our outstanding Notes might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the market price of our common stock. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could depress the market price of our common
stock by acting to discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management that the stockholders of our company may deem advantageous. These provisions among other things: 

•

 establish a classified board of directors so that not all members of our board are elected at one time; 

•

 permit the board of directors to establish the number of directors; 

•

 provide that directors may only be removed “for cause” and only with the approval of 66 2/3 percent of our stockholders;

•

 require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws;

•

 authorize the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that our board could use to implement a stockholder rights plan (also known as a
“poison pill”); 

•

 eliminate the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; 

•

 prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders;

•

 provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our bylaws; and 

•

 establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at
annual stockholder meetings. 

In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may
discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on merger, business combinations and other transactions between us and holders of 15 percent or more of our common stock. 

In addition, the fundamental change purchase rights applicable to our convertible notes, which will allow note holders to require us to
purchase all or a portion of their Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change, and the provisions requiring an increase to the conversion rate for conversions in connection with a make-whole fundamental change may in certain circumstances
delay or prevent a takeover of us and the removal of incumbent management that might otherwise be beneficial to investors. 

Our debt service obligations may adversely affect our financial condition and cash flows from operations. 

As a result of our sale of the Notes in January 2010, we have a higher level of debt compared to historical periods. Our maintenance of
this indebtedness could have important consequences because: 

•

 it may impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future; 

•

 an increased portion of our cash flows from operations may have to be dedicated towards repaying the principal in 2015 or earlier if necessary; and

25 

Table of Contents

•

 it may make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, our industry or the economy in general. 

Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial,
business, economic, regulatory and other factors. We will not be able to control many of these factors, such as economic conditions and governmental regulations. Our operations may not generate sufficient cash to enable us to service our debt. If we
fail to make a payment on our debt, we could be in default on such debt. 

The trading price of the Notes may be
significantly affected by the market price of our common stock, which may be volatile, the general level of interest rates and our credit quality. 

Because the Notes are convertible into cash equal to the principal amount of the Notes, and at our election, cash and/or shares of the Company’s common stock for any amounts in excess of the
principal amounts, the market price of our common stock may significantly affect the trading price of the Notes. See “The market price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could subject us to litigation” above.

In addition, the general level of interest rates and our credit quality may significantly affect the trading price of the
Notes. 

We also cannot predict whether interest rates will rise or fall. During the term of the Notes, interest rates will be
influenced by a number of factors, most of which are beyond our control. However, if interest rates increase, the option value of the Notes’ convertibility feature will increase, but the yield of the Notes will decrease, and if interest rates
decrease, the option value of the Notes’ convertibility feature will decrease, but the yield of the notes will increase. 

In addition, our credit quality may vary substantially during the term of the Notes and will be influenced by a number of factors,
including variations in our cash flows and the amount of indebtedness we have outstanding. Any decrease in our credit quality could negatively impact the trading price of the Notes. 

The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the trading price of the Notes and the market price of our common
stock. 

We entered into privately negotiated convertible note hedge transactions with the hedge counterparties
concurrently with the issuance of the Notes. We also entered into privately negotiated warrant transactions with the hedge counterparties. Taken together, the convertible note hedge transactions and the warrant transactions are expected, but not
guaranteed, to reduce the potential dilution with respect to our common stock upon conversion of the Notes. 

As the hedge
counterparties and their respective affiliates modify their hedge positions from time to time by entering into or unwinding various over-the-counter derivative transactions with respect to our common stock, and/or by purchasing or selling shares of
our common stock or the Notes in privately negotiated transactions and/or open market transactions, their activities could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and the trading price of the Notes. 

In addition, the hedge counterparties are financial institutions or affiliates of financial institutions, and we will be subject to the
risk that these hedge counterparties may default under the convertible note hedge transactions.