The
risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Other events that we do not currently anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial also may affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 

Defects or disruptions in our service could diminish demand for our service and subject us to substantial liability. 

Because our service is complex and we have incorporated a variety of new computer hardware and software, both developed in-house and acquired
from third party vendors, our service may have errors or defects that users identify after they begin using it that could result in unanticipated downtime for our subscribers and harm our reputation and our business. Internet-based services
frequently contain undetected errors when first introduced or when new versions or enhancements are released. We have from time to time found defects in our service and new errors in our existing service may be detected in the future. In addition,
our customers may use our service in unanticipated ways that may cause a disruption in service for other customers attempting to access their data. Since our customers use our service for important aspects of their business, any errors, defects,
disruptions in service or other performance problems with our service could hurt our reputation and may damage our customers’ businesses. If that occurs, customers could elect not to renew, or delay or withhold payment to us, we could lose
future sales or customers may make warranty or other claims against us, which could result in an increase in our provision for doubtful accounts, an increase in collection cycles for accounts receivable or the expense and risk of litigation.

Interruptions or delays in service from our third-party data center hosting facilities could impair the delivery of our
service and harm our business. 

We currently serve our customers from third-party data center hosting facilities
located on the west and east coasts of the United States. Additionally, we recently started serving customers from a new data center hosting facility in Singapore. Any damage to, or failure of, our systems generally could result in interruptions in
our service. As we continue to add data centers and add capacity in our existing data centers, we may move or transfer our data and our customers’ data. Despite precautions taken during this process, any unsuccessful data transfers may impair
the delivery of our service. Further, any damage to, or failure of, our systems generally could result in interruptions in our service. Interruptions in our service may reduce our revenue, cause us to issue credits or pay penalties, cause customers
to terminate their subscriptions and adversely affect our renewal rates and our ability to attract new customers. Our business will also be harmed if our customers and potential customers believe our service is unreliable. 

As part of our current disaster recovery arrangements, our production environment and all of our customers’ data is currently
replicated in near real-time in a facility located on the east coast. Features added through

13 

Table of Contents

acquisition are temporarily served through alternate facilities. We do not control the operation of any of these facilities, and they are vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes,
floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures and similar events. They may also be subject to break-ins, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and similar misconduct. Despite precautions taken at these facilities, the occurrence of a
natural disaster or an act of terrorism, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems at these facilities could result in lengthy interruptions in our service. Even with the disaster recovery
arrangements, our service could be interrupted. 

If our security measures are breached and unauthorized access is
obtained to a customer’s data or our data, our service may be perceived as not being secure, customers may curtail or stop using our service and we may incur significant legal and financial exposure and liabilities. 

Our service involves the storage and transmission of customers’ proprietary information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk
of loss of this information, litigation and possible liability. These security measures may be breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, during transfer of data to additional data centers or at any time,
and result in someone obtaining unauthorized access to our data or our customers’ data. Additionally, third parties may attempt to fraudulently induce employees or customers into disclosing sensitive information such as user names, passwords or
other information in order to gain access to our data or our customers’ data. Because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, or to sabotage systems, change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target,
we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. In addition, our customers may authorize third party technology providers, whose applications are available through our AppExchange directory, to access
their customer data. Because we do not control the transmissions between our customers and third-party AppExchange technology providers, or the processing of such data by third-party AppExchange technology providers, we cannot ensure the complete
integrity or security of such transmissions or processing. Any security breach could result in a loss of confidence in the security of our service, damage our reputation, lead to legal liability and negatively impact our future sales. 

Weakened global economic conditions may adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations. 

Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide economic conditions. The United States and other key international economies have been
impacted by falling demand for a variety of goods and services, restricted credit, going concern threats to major multinational companies and medium and small businesses, poor liquidity, reduced corporate profitability, volatility in credit, equity
and foreign exchange markets and bankruptcies. These conditions affect the rate of information technology spending and could adversely affect our customers’ ability or willingness to purchase our enterprise cloud computing application service,
delay prospective customers’ purchasing decisions, reduce the value or duration of their subscription contracts, or affect renewal rates, all of which could adversely affect our operating results. 

Because we recognize revenue from subscriptions for our service over the term of the subscription, downturns or upturns in sales may
not be immediately reflected in our operating results. 

We generally recognize revenue from customers ratably over the
terms of their subscription agreements, which are typically 12 to 24 months, although terms can range from one to 60 months. As a result, most of the revenue we report in each quarter is derived from the recognition of deferred revenue relating to
subscription agreements entered into during previous quarters. Consequently, a decline in new or renewed subscriptions in any one quarter may not be immediately reflected in our revenue results for that quarter. Such a decline, however, will
negatively affect our revenue in future quarters. Accordingly, the effect of significant downturns in sales and market acceptance of our service, and potential changes in our rate of renewals may not be fully reflected in our results of operations
until future periods. Our subscription model also makes it difficult for us to rapidly increase our revenue through additional sales in any period, as revenue from new customers must be

14 

Table of Contents

recognized over the applicable subscription term. In addition, we may be unable to adjust our cost structure to reflect the changes in revenues. 

We cannot accurately predict subscription renewal or upgrade rates and the impact these rates may have on our future revenue and
operating results. 

Our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our service after the expiration
of their initial subscription period, which is typically 12 to 24 months, and in fact, some customers have elected not to renew. In addition, our customers may renew for fewer subscriptions, renew for shorter contract lengths, or renew for lower
cost editions of our service. We cannot accurately predict renewal rates, particularly for our enterprise customers who purchase a large number of subscriptions under multi-year contracts and for our small and medium size business customers. Our
renewal rates may decline or fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including customer dissatisfaction with our service, customers’ ability to continue their operations and spending levels, decreases in the number of users at our
customers and deteriorating general economic conditions. If our customers do not renew their subscriptions for our service or reduce the number of paying subscriptions at the time of renewal, our revenue will decline and our business will suffer.

Our future success also depends in part on our ability to sell additional features and services, more subscriptions or
enhanced editions of our service to our current customers. This may also require increasingly sophisticated and costly sales efforts that are targeted at senior management. Similarly, the rate at which our customers purchase new or enhanced services
depends on a number of factors, including general economic conditions. If our efforts to upsell to our customers are not successful, our business may suffer. 

If we experience significant fluctuations in our rate of anticipated growth and fail to balance our expenses with our revenue forecasts, our results could be harmed. 

Due to our evolving business model, the unpredictability of new markets that we enter and the unpredictability of future general economic and
financial market conditions, we may not be able to accurately forecast our rate of growth. We plan our expense levels and investment on estimates of future revenue and future anticipated rate of growth. We may not be able to adjust our spending
quickly enough if the addition of new subscriptions or the renewal rate for existing subscriptions falls short of our expectations. 

As a result, we expect that our revenues, operating results and cash flows may fluctuate significantly on a quarterly basis. Our recent revenue growth rates may not be sustainable and may decline in the future. We believe that
period-to-period comparisons of our revenues, operating results and cash flows may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. 

We have been and may in the future be sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights. 

The software and Internet industries are characterized by the existence of a large number of patents, trademarks and copyrights and by
frequent litigation based on allegations of infringement or other violations of intellectual property rights. We have received in the past and may receive in the future communications from third parties claiming that we have infringed the
intellectual property rights of others. During fiscal 2009, we received a communication from a large technology company alleging that we were infringing some of their patents. We continue to analyze the potential merits of their claims, the
potential defenses to such claims and potential counter claims, and the possibility of a license agreement as an alternative to litigation. We are currently in discussions with this company and no litigation has been filed to date. However, there
can be no assurance that this claim will not lead to litigation in the future. The resolution of this claim is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, but it could be material to the net income or cash flows or
both of a particular quarter. We have been, and may in the future be, sued by third parties for alleged infringement of their proprietary rights. Our technologies may not be able to withstand any third-party claims

15 

Table of Contents

against their use. The outcome of any litigation is inherently uncertain. Any intellectual property claims, including the one referenced above, with or without merit, could be time-consuming and
expensive to resolve, could divert management attention from executing our business plan and could require us to change our technology, change our business practices and/or pay monetary damages or enter into short- or long-term royalty or licensing
agreements which may not be available in the future at the same terms or at all. In addition, many of our subscription agreements require us to indemnify our customers for third-party intellectual property infringement claims, which would increase
the cost to us of an adverse ruling on such a claim. Any adverse determination related to intellectual property claims or litigation could prevent us from offering our service to others, or could otherwise adversely affect our operating results or
cash flows or both in a particular quarter. 

Our quarterly results can fluctuate and our stock price and the value of
your investment could decline substantially. 

Our quarterly operating results are likely to fluctuate. For example, our
fourth quarter has historically been our strongest quarter for new business and renewals. The year-over-year compounding effect of this seasonality in billing patterns and overall new business and renewal activity causes the value of invoices that
we generate in the fourth quarter to continually increase in proportion to our billings in the other three quarters of our fiscal year. 

Additionally, some of the important factors that may cause our revenues, operating results and cash flows to fluctuate from quarter to quarter include: 

•

 our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers and satisfy our customers’ requirements;

•

 the renewal rates for our service; 

•

 the amount and timing of operating costs and capital expenditures related to the operations and expansion of our business;

•

 the number of new employees added; 

•

 changes in our pricing policies whether initiated by us or as a result of intense competition; 

•

 the cost, timing and management effort for the introduction of new features to our service; 

•

 the rate of expansion and productivity of our sales force; 

•

 the length of the sales cycle for our service; 

•

 new product and service introductions by our competitors; 

•

 our success in selling our service to large enterprises; 

•

 variations in the revenue mix of editions of our service; 

•

 technical difficulties or interruptions in our service; 

•

 expenses related to increasing our data center capacity and expanding our data centers domestically and internationally; 

•

 changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 

•

 changes in interest rates and our mix of investments, which would impact our return on our investments in cash and marketable securities;

•

 conditions, particularly sudden changes, in the financial markets have and may continue to impact the value of and access to our investment portfolio;

•

 changes in the effective tax rates; 

16 

Table of Contents

•

 general economic conditions that may adversely affect either our customers’ ability or willingness to purchase additional subscriptions or upgrade
their service, or delay a prospective customers’ purchasing decision, or reduce the value of new subscription contracts, or affect renewal rates; 

•

 timing of additional investments in our enterprise cloud computing application service and in our consulting service; 

•

 changes in deferred revenue balances due to the seasonal nature of our customer invoicing, changes in the average duration of our invoices, rate of
renewals and the rate of new business growth; 

•

 regulatory compliance costs; 

•

 the timing of customer payments and payment defaults by customers; 

•

 costs associated with acquisitions of companies and technologies; 

•

 extraordinary expenses such as litigation or other dispute-related settlement payments; 

•

 the impact of new accounting pronouncements; and 

•

 the timing of stock awards to employees and the related adverse financial statement impact of having to expense those stock awards ratably over their
vesting schedules. 

Many of these factors are not within our control, and the occurrence of one or more of
them might cause our operating results to vary widely. As such, we believe that quarter-to-quarter comparisons of our revenues, operating results and cash flows may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of future
performance. 

Additionally, we may also fail to meet or exceed the expectations of securities analysts or investors, and the
market price of our common stock. Moreover, our stock price may be based on expectations of our future performance that may be unrealistic or that may not be met. 

As we acquire companies or technologies in the future, they could prove difficult to integrate, disrupt our business, dilute stockholder value and adversely affect our operating results and the
value of your investment. 

As part of our business strategy, we regularly evaluate investments in, or acquisitions of,
complementary businesses, joint ventures, services and technologies, and we expect that periodically we will continue to make such investments and acquisitions in the future. Acquisitions and investments involve numerous risks, including:

•

 the potential failure to achieve the expected benefits of the combination or acquisition; 

•

 difficulties in and the cost of integrating operations, technologies, services and personnel; 

•

 diversion of financial and managerial resources from existing operations; 

•

 risk of entering new markets in which we have little or no experience; 

•

 potential write-offs of acquired assets or investments; 

•

 potential loss of key employees; 

•

 inability to generate sufficient revenue to offset acquisition or investment costs; 

•

 the inability to maintain relationships with customers and partners of the acquired business; 

•

 the difficulty of incorporating acquired technology and rights into our products and services and of maintaining quality standards consistent with our
brand; 

•

 potential unknown liabilities associated with the acquired businesses; 

17 

Table of Contents

•

 unanticipated expenses related to acquired technology and its integration into existing technology; 

•

 negative impact to our results of operations because of the depreciation and amortization of amounts related to acquired intangible assets, fixed
assets and deferred compensation, and the loss of acquired deferred revenue; 

•

 delays in customer purchases due to uncertainty related to any acquisition; 

•

 the need to implement controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a public company at companies that prior to the acquisition lacked such
controls, procedures and policies; and 

•

 challenges caused by distance, language and cultural differences. 

In addition, if we finance acquisitions by issuing equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders may be diluted which
could affect the market price of our common stock. Further, if we fail to properly evaluate and execute acquisitions or investments, our business and prospects may be seriously harmed and the value of your investment may decline. 

We rely on third-party computer hardware and software that may be difficult to replace or which could cause errors or failures of our
service. 

We rely on computer hardware purchased or leased and software licensed from third parties in order to offer
our service, including database software from Oracle Corporation. This hardware and software may not continue to be available at reasonable prices or on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Any loss of the right to use any of this hardware or
software could significantly increase our expenses and otherwise result in delays in the provisioning of our service until equivalent technology is either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained and integrated, which could harm
our business. Any errors or defects in third-party hardware or software could result in errors or a failure of our service which could harm our business. 

If the market for our technology delivery model and an enterprise cloud computing application service develops more slowly than we expect, our business could be harmed. 

The market for enterprise cloud computing application services is not as mature as the market for packaged enterprise software, and it is
uncertain whether these services will achieve and sustain high levels of demand and market acceptance. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the willingness of enterprises, large and small, to increase their use of enterprise cloud
computing application services in general, and for CRM in particular. Many enterprises have invested substantial personnel and financial resources to integrate traditional enterprise software into their businesses, and therefore may be reluctant or
unwilling to migrate to an enterprise cloud computing application service. Furthermore, some enterprises may be reluctant or unwilling to use enterprise cloud computing application services because they have concerns regarding the risks associated
with security capabilities, among other things, of the technology delivery model associated with these services. If enterprises do not perceive the benefits of enterprise cloud computing application services, then the market for these services may
not develop at all, or it may develop more slowly than we expect, either of which would significantly adversely affect our operating results. In addition, we may make errors in predicting and reacting to relevant business trends, which could harm
our business. Our success also depends on the willingness of third-party developers to build applications that are complementary to our service. Without the development of these applications, both current and potential customers may not find our
service sufficiently attractive. In addition, for those customers who authorize third-party technology partners access to their data, we do not warrant the functionality, security and integrity of the data transmission or processing. Despite
contract provisions to protect us, customers may look to us to support and warrant the third-party applications, which may expose us to potential claims, liabilities and obligations for applications we did not develop or sell. 

18 

Table of Contents

The market in which we participate is intensely competitive, and if we do not compete
effectively, our operating results could be harmed. 

The market for enterprise CRM business applications and
development platforms is highly competitive, rapidly evolving and fragmented, and subject to changing technology, shifting customer needs and frequent introductions of new products and services. We compete primarily with vendors of packaged CRM
software, whose software is installed by the customer directly, and companies offering on-demand CRM applications. We also compete with internally developed applications and face, or expect to face, competition from enterprise software vendors and
online service providers who may develop toolsets and products that allow customers to build new applications that run on the customers’ current infrastructure or as hosted services. Our current principal competitors include: 

•

 enterprise software application vendors including Microsoft Corporation, Oracle Corporation, and SAP AG; 

•

 on-demand CRM application service providers such as Microsoft Corporation, NetSuite, Inc., Oracle Corporation, RightNow Technologies, Inc. and SAP AG;

•

 enterprise application service providers including IBM Corporation and Oracle Corporation; 

•

 traditional platform development environment companies, including established vendors, such as IBM Corporation, Microsoft Corporation, and Oracle
Corporation; and 

•

 cloud computing development platform companies, including some with whom we are partners, others such as Microsoft Corporation, which has initiated
plans to enter this market, and a variety of smaller start up companies that have invested in cloud computing technology. 

Many of our potential competitors enjoy substantial competitive advantages, such as greater name recognition, longer operating histories and larger marketing budgets, as well as substantially greater
financial, technical and other resources. In addition, many of our potential competitors have established marketing relationships and access to larger customer bases, and have major distribution agreements with consultants, system integrators and
resellers. 

As a result, our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing
opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements. Furthermore, because of these advantages, even if our service is more effective than the products that our competitors offer, potential customers might accept competitive products and
services in lieu of purchasing our service. For all of these reasons, we may not be able to compete successfully against our current and future competitors. 

Our efforts to expand our service beyond the CRM market may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate. 

We derive substantially all of our revenue from subscriptions to our CRM enterprise cloud computing application service, and we expect this will continue for the foreseeable future. The market for our
Force.com cloud computing platform is new and it is uncertain whether our efforts will ever result in significant revenue for us. Our efforts to expand our service beyond the CRM market may not succeed and may reduce our revenue growth rate.

Supporting our existing and growing customer base could strain our personnel resources and infrastructure, and if we
are unable to scale our operations and increase productivity, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan. 

Since we were formed in 1999, we have experienced significant growth in our customer base, which has placed a strain on our management, administrative, operational and financial infrastructure. We anticipate that additional investments in
our infrastructure and research and development spending will be required to scale our

19 

Table of Contents

operations and increase productivity, to address the needs of our customers, to further develop and enhance our service, and to expand into new geographic areas. 

Our success will depend in part upon the ability of our senior management to manage our projected growth effectively. To do so, we must
continue to increase the productivity of our existing employees and to hire, train and manage new employees as needed. To manage the expected domestic and international growth of our operations and personnel, we will need to continue to improve our
operational, financial and management controls and our reporting systems and procedures. The additional investments we are making will increase our cost base, which will make it more difficult for us to offset any future revenue shortfalls by
reducing expenses in the short term. If we fail to successfully scale our operations and increase productivity, we will be unable to execute our business plan. 

As more of our sales efforts are targeted at larger enterprise customers, our sales cycle may become more time-consuming and expensive, we may encounter pricing pressure and implementation
challenges, and we may have to delay revenue recognition for some complex transactions, all of which could harm our business and operating results. 

As we target more of our sales efforts at larger enterprise customers, we will face greater costs, longer sales cycles and less predictability in completing some of our sales. In this market segment, the
customer’s decision to use our service may be an enterprise-wide decision and, if so, these types of sales would require us to provide greater levels of education regarding the use and benefits of our service, as well as education regarding
privacy and data protection laws and regulations to prospective customers with international operations. In addition, larger customers may demand more customization, integration services and features. As a result of these factors, these sales
opportunities may require us to devote greater sales support and professional services resources to individual customers, driving up costs and time required to complete sales and diverting sales and professional services resources to a smaller
number of larger transactions, while potentially requiring us to delay revenue recognition on some of these transactions until the technical or implementation requirements have been met. 

Periodic restructurings of our sales organization can be disruptive and may negatively impact our revenues. 

We periodically restructure or make other adjustments to our sales organization in response to market opportunities, competitive threats,
management changes, product introductions or enhancements, sales performance, increases in sales headcount, cost levels, and other internal and external considerations. In the past, these restructurings sometimes resulted in a temporary lack of
focus and reduced productivity; these effects could recur in connection with any future sales restructurings we might undertake and our rate of revenue growth could be negatively affected. 

If we are not able to develop enhancements and new features to our existing service or acceptable new services that keep pace with
technological developments, our business will be harmed. 

If we are unable to develop enhancements to and new features
for our existing service or acceptable new services that keep pace with rapid technological developments, our business will be harmed. The success of enhancements, new features and services depends on several factors, including the timely
completion, introduction and market acceptance of the feature or edition. Failure in this regard may significantly impair our revenue growth. In addition, because our service is designed to operate on a variety of network hardware and software
platforms using a standard browser, we will need to continuously modify and enhance our service to keep pace with changes in Internet-related hardware, software, communication, browser and database technologies. We may not be successful in either
developing these modifications and enhancements or in timely bringing them to market. Furthermore, uncertainties about the timing and nature of new network platforms or technologies, or modifications to existing platforms or technologies, could
increase our research and development expenses. Any failure of our service to operate effectively with future network platforms and technologies could reduce the demand for our service, result in customer dissatisfaction and harm our business.

20 

Table of Contents

Our business could be adversely affected if our customers are not satisfied with
implementation and customization services provided by us or our partners. 

Our business depends on our ability to
satisfy our customers, both with respect to our CRM service and platform and the professional services that customize our CRM service and platform to meet our customers’ business needs. Professional services may be performed by our own staff,
or by a third party or a combination of the two. Our strategy is to work with third parties to increase the breadth of capability and depth of capacity for delivery of these services to our customers. If a customer is not satisfied with the quality
of work performed by us or a third party or with the type of services or solutions delivered, then we could incur additional costs to address the situation, the profitability of that work might be impaired, and the customer’s dissatisfaction
with our services could damage our ability to obtain additional work from that customer. In addition, negative publicity related to our customer relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage our business by affecting our ability to
compete for new business with current and prospective customers. 

Any failure to protect our intellectual property
rights could impair our ability to protect our proprietary technology and our brand. 

If we fail to protect our
intellectual property rights adequately, our competitors might gain access to our technology, and our business might be harmed. In addition, defending our intellectual property rights might entail significant expense. Any of our trademarks or other
intellectual property rights may be challenged by others or invalidated through administrative process or litigation. While we have a few U.S. patents and many U.S. and international patent applications pending, we may be unable to obtain patent
protection for the technology covered in our patent applications. In addition, our existing patents and any patents issued in the future may not provide us with competitive advantages, or may be successfully challenged by third parties. Furthermore,
legal standards relating to the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights are uncertain. Effective patent, trademark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available to us in every country in which
our service is available. The laws of some foreign countries may not be as protective of intellectual property rights as those in the U.S., and mechanisms for enforcement of intellectual property rights may be inadequate. Accordingly, despite our
efforts, we may be unable to prevent third parties from infringing upon or misappropriating our intellectual property. 

We
might be required to spend significant resources to monitor and protect our intellectual property rights. We may initiate claims or litigation against third parties for infringement of our proprietary rights or to establish the validity of our
proprietary rights. Any litigation, whether or not it is resolved in our favor, could result in significant expense to us and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel. 

If we fail to develop our brands, our business may suffer. 

We believe that developing and maintaining awareness of the salesforce.com brand and our other brands is critical to achieving widespread
acceptance of our existing and future services and is an important element in attracting new customers. In the past, our efforts to build our brands have involved significant expense. Brand promotion activities may not yield increased revenue, and
even if they do, any increased revenue may not offset the expenses we incurred in building our brands. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brands, or incur substantial expenses in an unsuccessful attempt to promote and maintain our
brands, we may fail to attract enough new customers or retain our existing customers to the extent necessary to realize a sufficient return on our brand-building efforts, and our business could suffer. 

Sales to customers outside the United States expose us to risks inherent in international sales. 

Because we sell our service throughout the world, we are subject to risks and challenges that we would otherwise not face if we conducted our
business only in the United States. For example, sales in Europe and Asia Pacific together represented approximately 30 percent of our total revenues for the year ended January 31, 2010,

21 

Table of Contents

and we intend to continue to expand our international sales efforts. The risks and challenges associated with sales to customers outside the United States include: 

•

 localization of our service, including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses; 

•

 laws and business practices favoring local competitors; 

•

 compliance with multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including employment, tax, privacy and data protection laws and
regulations; 

•

 treatment of revenue from international sources and changes to tax codes, including being subject to foreign tax laws and being liable for paying
withholding income or other taxes in foreign jurisdictions; 

•

 regional data privacy laws that apply to the transmission of our customers’ data across international borders; 

•

 foreign currency fluctuations and controls; 

•

 different pricing environments; 

•

 difficulties in staffing and managing foreign operations; 

•

 different or lesser protection of our intellectual property; 

•

 longer accounts receivable payment cycles and other collection difficulties; 

•

 regional economic conditions; and 

•

 regional political conditions. 

Any of these factors could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 

Additionally, our international subscription fees are paid either in U.S. dollars or local currency. As a result, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar and foreign currencies may make our service more expensive for international
customers, which could harm our business. 

Evolving regulation of the Internet may affect us adversely.

As Internet commerce continues to evolve, increasing regulation by federal, state or foreign agencies becomes more
likely. For example, we believe increased regulation is likely in the area of data privacy, and laws and regulations applying to the solicitation, collection, processing or use of personal or consumer information could affect our customers’
ability to use and share data, potentially reducing demand for CRM solutions and restricting our ability to store, process and share data with our customers. In addition, taxation of services provided over the Internet or other charges imposed by
government agencies or by private organizations for accessing the Internet may also be imposed. Any regulation imposing greater fees for Internet use or restricting information exchange over the Internet could result in a decline in the use of the
Internet and the viability of Internet-based services, which could harm our business. 

Privacy concerns and laws or
other domestic or foreign regulations may reduce the effectiveness of our solution and adversely affect our business. 

Our customers can use our service to store contact and other personal or identifying information regarding their customers and contacts. Federal, state and foreign government bodies and agencies have adopted or are considering adopting laws
and regulations regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information obtained from consumers and individuals. The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by, such laws and regulations that are applicable to the businesses
of our customers may limit the use and adoption of our service and reduce overall demand for it, or lead to significant fines, penalties or liabilities for any noncompliance with such privacy laws. Furthermore, privacy concerns may cause our
customers’ customers to

22 

Table of Contents

resist providing the personal data necessary to allow our customers to use our service effectively. Even the perception of privacy concerns, whether or not valid, may inhibit market adoption of
our service in certain industries. 

For example, in the United States regulations such as the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which
protects and restricts the use of consumer credit and financial information, and the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, which regulates the use and disclosure of personal health information, impose significant requirements
and obligations on businesses that may affect the use and adoption of our service. The European Union has also adopted a data privacy directive that requires member states to impose restrictions on the collection and use of personal data that, in
some respects, are far more stringent, and impose more significant burdens on subject businesses, than current privacy standards in the United States. 

All of these domestic and international legislative and regulatory initiatives may adversely affect our customers’ ability to collect and/or use demographic and personal information from their
customers, which could reduce demand for our service. Many other jurisdictions have similar stringent privacy laws and regulations. 

In addition to government activity, privacy advocacy groups and the technology and other industries are considering various new, additional or different self-regulatory standards that may place additional burdens on us. If the gathering of
personal information were to be curtailed in this manner, CRM solutions would be less effective, which may reduce demand for our service and harm our business. 

We are dependent on our management team and development and operations personnel, and the loss of one or more key employees or groups could harm our business and prevent us from implementing our
business plan in a timely manner. 

Our success depends substantially upon the continued services of our executive
officers and other key members of management, particularly our Chief Executive Officer. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives. Such changes in our executive
management team may be disruptive to our business. We are also substantially dependent on the continued service of our existing development and operations personnel because of the complexity of our service and technologies. We do not have employment
agreements with any of our executive officers, key management, development or operations personnel and, therefore, they could terminate their employment with us at any time. We do not maintain key person life insurance policies on any of our
employees. The loss of one or more of our key employees or groups could seriously harm our business. 

Because
competition for our target employees is intense, we may not be able to attract and retain the highly skilled employees we need to support our operations and growing customer base. 

In the technology industry, there is substantial and continuous competition for engineers with high levels of experience in designing,
developing and managing software and Internet-related services, as well as competition for sales executives and operations personnel. We may not be successful in attracting and retaining qualified personnel. We have from time to time experienced,
and we expect to continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled employees with appropriate qualifications. In addition, job candidates and existing employees often consider the value of the stock awards they receive in
connection with their employment. If our stock price performs poorly, it may adversely affect our ability to retain highly skilled employees. In addition, since we expense all stock-based compensation, we may periodically change our stock
compensation practices, which may include reducing the number of employees eligible for options or reducing the size of equity awards granted per employee. If we fail to attract new personnel or fail to retain and motivate our current personnel, our
business and future growth prospects could be severely harmed. 

23 

Table of Contents

Our business is subject to changing regulations regarding corporate governance and
public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. 

We are subject to rules and
regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the Securities and Exchange Commission, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded. Our efforts to comply
with new and changing regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities.

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice
may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to
address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, our business may be harmed. 

Unanticipated changes
in our effective tax rate could adversely affect our future results. 

We are subject to income taxes in the United
States and various foreign jurisdictions, and our domestic and international tax liabilities are subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. 

Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in the mix of earnings and losses in countries with differing statutory tax rates, certain non-deductible expenses arising from share-based
compensation, the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities and changes in federal, state or international tax laws and accounting principles. Increases in our effective tax rate could materially affect our net results. 

In addition, we are subject to income tax audits by many tax jurisdictions throughout the world. Although we believe our income tax
liabilities are reasonably estimated and accounted for in accordance with applicable laws and principles, an adverse resolution of one or more uncertain tax positions in any period could have a material impact on the results of operations for that
period. 

Natural disasters and other events beyond our control could materially adversely affect us. 

Natural disasters or other catastrophic events may cause damage or disruption to our operations, international commerce and the global
economy, and thus could have a strong negative effect on us. Our business operations are subject to interruption by natural disasters, fire, power shortages, pandemics and other events beyond our control. Although we maintain crisis management and
disaster response plans, such events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver our services to our customers, and could decrease demand for our services. The majority of our research and development activities, corporate headquarters,
information technology systems, and other critical business operations, are located near major seismic faults in the San Francisco Bay Area. Because we do not carry earthquake insurance for direct quake-related losses, and significant recovery time
could be required to resume operations, our financial condition and operating results could be materially adversely affected in the event of a major earthquake or catastrophic event. 

Risks Relating to Ownership of Our Common Stock and our Convertible Senior Notes due 2015 

The market price of our common stock is likely to be volatile and could subject us to litigation. 

The trading prices of the securities of technology companies have been highly volatile. Accordingly, the market price of our common stock has been and is likely to continue to be subject to wide
fluctuations. Factors affecting the market price of our common stock include: 

•

 variations in our operating results, earnings per share, cash flows from operating activities, deferred revenue, and other financial metrics and
non-financial metrics, and how those results compare to analyst expectations; 

24 

Table of Contents

•

 forward looking guidance to industry and financial analysts related to future revenue and earnings per share; 

•

 the net increases in the number of customers, either independently or as compared with published expectations of industry, financial or other analysts
that cover our company; 

•

 changes in the estimates of our operating results or changes in recommendations by securities analysts that elect to follow our common stock;

•

 announcements of technological innovations, new services or service enhancements, strategic alliances or significant agreements by us or by our
competitors; 

•

 announcements by us or by our competitors of mergers or other strategic acquisitions, or rumors of such transactions involving us or our competitors;

•

 announcements of customer additions and customer cancellations or delays in customer purchases; 

•

 recruitment or departure of key personnel; 

•

 disruptions in our service due to computer hardware, software or network problems; 

•

 the economy as a whole, market conditions in our industry, and the industries of our customers; 

•

 trading activity by a limited number of stockholders who together beneficially own a majority of our outstanding common stock; and

•

 any other factors discussed herein. 

In addition, if the market for technology stocks or the stock market in general experiences uneven investor confidence, the market price of our common stock could decline for reasons unrelated to our
business, operating results or financial condition. The market price of our common stock might also decline in reaction to events that affect other companies within, or outside, our industry even if these events do not directly affect us. Some
companies that have experienced volatility in the trading price of their stock have been the subject of securities class action litigation. If we are subject of such litigation, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of
management’s attention and resources. 

The concentration of our capital stock ownership with insiders will likely
limit your ability to influence corporate matters. 

Our executive officers, directors, and several stockholders and
their affiliated entities together beneficially own a majority of our outstanding common stock. As a result, these stockholders, if they act together or in a block, could have significant influence over most matters that require approval by our
stockholders, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions, even if other stockholders oppose them. This concentration of ownership might also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of
our company that other stockholders may view as beneficial. 

Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and bylaws and Delaware law might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the market price of our common stock. 

Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that could depress the market price of our common stock
by acting to discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management that the stockholders of our company may deem advantageous. These provisions among other things: 

•

 establish a classified board of directors so that not all members of our board are elected at one time; 

•

 permit the board of directors to establish the number of directors; 

25 

Table of Contents

•

 provide that directors may only be removed “for cause” and only with the approval of 66 2/3 percent of our stockholders;

•

 require super-majority voting to amend some provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and bylaws;

•

 authorize the issuance of “blank check” preferred stock that our board could use to implement a stockholder rights plan (also known as a
“poison pill”); 

•

 eliminate the ability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders; 

•

 prohibit stockholder action by written consent, which requires all stockholder actions to be taken at a meeting of our stockholders;

•

 provide that the board of directors is expressly authorized to make, alter or repeal our bylaws; and 

•

 establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board or for proposing matters that can be acted upon by stockholders at
annual stockholder meetings. 

In addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may
discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company. Section 203 imposes certain restrictions on merger, business combinations and other transactions between us and holders of 15 percent or more of our common stock. 

Our debt service obligations may adversely affect our financial condition and cash flows from operations. 

As a result of our sale of $575.0 million of 0.75 percent convertible senior notes in January 2010 (the “Notes”), we now have
long-term debt that we have not had to maintain in the past. 

Our maintenance of indebtedness could have important
consequences because: 

•

 it may impair our ability to obtain additional financing in the future; 

•

 an increased portion of our cash flows from operations may have to be dedicated towards repaying the principal in 2015; 

•

 it may make us more vulnerable to downturns in our business, our industry or the economy in general. 

Our ability to meet our expenses and debt obligations will depend on our future performance, which will be affected by financial, business,
economic, regulatory and other factors. We will not be able to control many of these factors, such as economic conditions and governmental regulations. Our operations may not generate sufficient cash to enable us to service our debt. If we fail to
make a payment on our debt, we could be in default on such debt. 

We expect that the trading price of the Notes will be
significantly affected by the market price of our common stock, which may be volatile, the general level of interest rates and our credit quality. 

The market price of our common stock, as well as the general level of interest rates and our credit quality, will likely significantly affect the trading price of the Notes. Our common stock has
experienced significant price and volume fluctuations. 

We cannot predict whether the market price of our common stock will
rise or fall. The market price of our common stock will be influenced by a number of factors, including general market conditions, variations in our operating results, earnings per share, cash flows, deferred revenue, other financial and
non-financial metrics and other factors described in greater detail elsewhere in this section, many of which are beyond our control. 

The market price of our common stock also could be affected by possible sales of common stock by investors who view the Notes as an attractive means of equity participation in us and by hedging or arbitrage

26 

Table of Contents

activity involving our common stock that we expect to develop as a result of the issuance of the Notes. The hedging or arbitrage activity could, in turn, affect the trading prices of the Notes.

We also cannot predict whether interest rates will rise or fall. During the term of the Notes, interest rates will be
influenced by a number of factors, most of which are beyond our control. However, if interest rates increase, the option value of the Notes’ convertibility feature will increase, but the yield of the Notes will decrease, and if interest rates
decrease, the option value of the Notes’ convertibility feature will decrease, but the yield of the notes will increase. 

In addition, our credit quality may vary substantially during the term of the Notes and will be influenced by a number of factors, including variations in our cash flows and the amount of indebtedness we have outstanding. Any decrease in
our credit quality could negatively impact the trading price of the Notes. 

We may issue additional shares of our common
stock or instruments convertible into shares of our common stock, including in connection with the conversion of the Notes, and thereby materially and adversely affect the market price of our common stock and the trading price of the Notes. 

We are not restricted from issuing additional shares of our common stock or other instruments convertible into, or
exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of our common stock during the life of the Notes. If we issue additional shares of our common stock or instruments convertible into shares of our common stock, it may materially and adversely affect the market
price of our common stock and, in turn, the trading price of the Notes. In addition, the conversion of some or all of the Notes may dilute the ownership interests of existing holders of our common stock, and any sales in the public market of any
shares of our common stock issuable upon such conversion of the notes could adversely affect prevailing market price of our common stock. In addition, the anticipated conversion of the Notes could depress the market price of our common stock.

The Notes and the indenture that will govern the Notes contain limited protections against certain types of important
corporate events and may not protect your investment upon the occurrence of such corporate events and will not protect your investment upon the occurrence of other corporate events. 

The indenture for the Notes does not: 

•

 require us to maintain any financial ratios or specific levels of net worth, revenues, income, cash flows or liquidity; 

•

 protect holders of the Notes in the event that we experience significant adverse changes in our financial condition or results of operations;

•

 limit our subsidiaries’ ability to incur indebtedness that would effectively rank senior to the Notes to the extent of the value of the assets
securing the indebtedness; 

•

 limit our ability to incur indebtedness that is equal in right of payment to the Notes; 

•

 limit our ability to incur indebtedness with a maturity date earlier than the maturity date of the Notes; 

•

 restrict our subsidiaries’ ability to issue securities or incur liability that would be structurally senior to our indebtedness;

•

 restrict our ability to purchase or prepay our securities; or 

•

 restrict our ability to make investments or to purchase or pay dividends or make other payments in respect of our common stock or other securities
ranking junior to the Notes. 

Furthermore, the indenture for the Notes contains only limited protections in
the event of a change in control. We could engage in many types of transactions, such as certain acquisitions, refinancings or recapitalizations, that could substantially affect our capital structure and the value of the Notes and our common

27 

Table of Contents

stock, but would not constitute a “fundamental change” that permits holders to require us to purchase their Notes under the indenture. 

We may not have the ability to raise the funds necessary to re-pay the Notes. 

There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient financial resources, or will be able to arrange financing, to pay the fundamental
change purchase price if holders submit their Notes for purchase by us upon the occurrence of a fundamental change or to pay the amount of cash due if holders surrender their Notes for conversion. In addition, agreements governing any future debt
may restrict our ability to make each of the required cash payments even if we have sufficient funds to make them. Furthermore, our ability to purchase the Notes or to pay cash upon the conversion of the Notes may be limited by law or regulatory
authority. In addition, if we fail to purchase the Notes, to pay interest due on, or to pay the amount of cash due upon conversion, we will be in default under the indenture. Our inability to pay for the Notes that are tendered for purchase or upon
conversion could result in receiving substantially less than the principal amount of the Notes. 

The fundamental change
provisions may delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover attempt of us. 

The fundamental change purchase
rights, which will allow note holders to require us to purchase all or a portion of their Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change and the provisions requiring an increase to the conversion rate for conversions in connection with a
make-whole fundamental change may in certain circumstances delay or prevent a takeover of us and the removal of incumbent management that might otherwise be beneficial to investors. 

The convertible note hedge and warrant transactions may affect the trading price of the Notes and the market price of our common
stock. 

We entered into privately negotiated convertible note hedge transactions with the hedge counterparties
concurrently with the issuance of the Notes. We also entered into privately negotiated warrant transactions with the hedge counterparties. Taken together, the convertible note hedge transactions and the warrant transactions are expected, but not
guaranteed, to reduce the potential dilution with respect to our common stock upon conversion of the Notes. 

As the hedge
counterparties and their respective affiliates modify their hedge positions from time to time by entering into or unwinding various over-the-counter derivative transactions with respect to our common stock, and/or by purchasing or selling shares of
our common stock or the Notes in privately negotiated transactions and/or open market transactions, their activities could adversely affect the market price of our common stock and the trading price of the Notes. 

We are subject to counterparty risk with respect to the convertible note hedge transactions. 

The hedge counterparties are financial institutions or affiliates of financial institutions, and we will be subject to the risk that these
hedge counterparties may default under the convertible note hedge transactions. Our exposure to the credit risk of the hedge counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. Recent global economic conditions have resulted in the actual or
perceived failure or financial difficulties of many financial institutions. If one or more of the hedge counterparties to one or more of our convertible note hedge transactions becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we may become an unsecured
creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at the time under those transactions. Our exposure will depend on many factors but, generally, the increase in our exposure will be correlated to the increase in our stock price and in
the volatility of our stock. In addition, upon a default by one of the hedge counterparties, we may suffer adverse tax consequences and dilution with respect to our common stock. We can provide no assurances as to the financial stability or
viability of any of the hedge counterparties. 

28 

Table of Contents

Our management will have broad discretion over the use of the proceeds from our debt
issuance and might not apply the proceeds in ways that increase the value of your investment. 

Our management will have
broad discretion to use the net proceeds from debt issuance, and you will be relying on the judgment of our management regarding the application of these proceeds. They might not apply the net proceeds of this offering in ways that increase the
value of your investment. We expect to use the net proceeds from this offering for general corporate purposes, including possible investments in, or acquisitions of, complementary businesses, joint ventures, services or technologies, working capital
and capital expenditures; however, other than paying the cost of the convertible note hedge (after taking into account the proceeds from the warrant transactions), we have not allocated these net proceeds for any specific purposes. Our management
might not be able to yield a significant return, if any, on any investment of these net proceeds.