Set forth below and elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file with
the SEC are descriptions of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained in this report. 

OUR OPERATING RESULTS MAY FLUCTUATE IN FUTURE PERIODS, WHICH MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR STOCK PRICE 

Our operating results have been in the past, and will continue to be, subject to quarterly and annual fluctuations as a result of numerous factors. These
factors include: 

•

 Fluctuations in demand for our products and services, especially with respect to Internet businesses and telecommunications service providers, in part due to
changes in the global economic environment 

•

 Changes in sales and implementation cycles for our products and reduced visibility into our customers’ spending plans and associated revenue

•

 Our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels and purchase commitments 

•

 Price and product competition in the communications and networking industries, which can change rapidly due to technological innovation and different business
models from various geographic regions 

•

 The overall movement toward industry consolidation among both our competitors and our customers 

•

 The introduction and market acceptance of new technologies and products and our success in new markets, including emerging and advanced technologies, as well as the
adoption of new networking standards 

•

 Variations in sales channels, product costs, or mix of products sold 

•

 The timing, size, and mix of orders from customers 

•

 Manufacturing and customer lead times 

•

 Fluctuations in our gross margins, and the factors that contribute to this as described below 

•

 Our ability to achieve targeted cost reductions 

•

 The ability of our customers, channel partners, and suppliers to obtain financing or to fund capital expenditures 

•

 The timing and amount of employer payroll tax to be paid on our employees’ gains on stock options exercised 

•

 Actual events, circumstances, outcomes, and amounts differing from judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in determining the values of certain assets (including
the amounts of related valuation allowances), liabilities, and other items reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements 

•

 How well we execute on our strategy and operating plans 

•

 Benefits anticipated from our investments in engineering, sales and manufacturing activities 

•

 Changes in accounting rules, such as recording expenses for employee stock option grants and tax accounting, including accounting for uncertain tax positions

As a consequence, operating results for a particular future period are difficult to predict, and, therefore, prior
results are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected in future periods. Any of the foregoing factors, or any other factors discussed elsewhere herein, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and
financial condition that could adversely affect our stock price. 

11 

Table of Contents

OUR OPERATING RESULTS MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY UNFAVORABLE ECONOMIC AND MARKET CONDITIONS AND THE UNCERTAIN
GEOPOLITICAL ENVIRONMENT 

Economic conditions worldwide have from time to time contributed to slowdowns in the communications and
networking industries at large, as well as to specific segments and markets in which we operate, resulting in: 

•

 Reduced demand for our products as a result of continued constraints on information technology-related capital spending by our customers, particularly service
providers, and other customer markets as well 

•

 Increased price competition for our products, not only from our competitors but also as a consequence of customers disposing of unutilized products

•

 Risk of excess and obsolete inventories 

•

 Excess facilities and manufacturing capacity 

•

 Higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue and higher interest expense 

Recent turmoil in the geopolitical environment in many parts of the world, including terrorist activities and military actions, particularly the
continuing tension in and surrounding Iraq, and changes in energy costs may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions. Our operating results in one or more segments may also be affected by changing economic conditions particularly
germane to that segment or to particular customer markets within that segment. If global economic and market conditions, or economic conditions in the United States or other key markets, deteriorate, we may experience material impacts on our
business, operating results, and financial condition. 

OUR REVENUE FOR A PARTICULAR PERIOD IS DIFFICULT TO PREDICT, AND A SHORTFALL IN REVENUE MAY HARM
OUR OPERATING RESULTS 

As a result of a variety of factors discussed in this report, our revenue for a particular quarter is difficult
to predict. Our net sales may grow at a slower rate than in past periods, or may decline. Our ability to meet financial expectations could also be adversely affected if the nonlinear sales pattern seen in some of our past quarters recurs in future
periods. We have experienced periods of time during which shipments have exceeded net bookings, or manufacturing issues have delayed shipments, leading to nonlinearity in shipping patterns. In addition to making it difficult to predict revenue for a
particular period, nonlinearity in shipping can increase costs, because irregular shipment patterns result in periods of underutilized capacity and periods in which overtime expenses may be incurred, as well as leading to additional costs arising
out of inventory management. In addition, to the extent that manufacturing issues and any related component shortages result in delayed shipments in the future, and particularly in periods in which we and our contract manufacturers are operating at
higher levels of capacity, it is possible that revenue for a quarter could be adversely affected if such matters occur and are not remediated within the same quarter. 

In addition, to improve customer satisfaction, we continue to attempt to improve our manufacturing lead-time performance, which may result in corresponding reductions in order backlog. A decline in backlog levels
could result in more variability and less predictability in our quarter-to-quarter net sales and operating results. Long manufacturing lead times have caused our customers in the past to place the same order multiple times within our various sales
channels and to cancel the duplicative orders upon receipt of the product, or to place orders with other vendors with shorter manufacturing lead times. Such multiple ordering (along with other factors) may cause difficulty in predicting our sales
and, as a result, could impair our ability to manage parts inventory effectively. 

We plan our operating expense levels based primarily on
forecasted revenue levels. These expenses and the impact of long-term commitments are relatively fixed in the short term. A shortfall in revenue could lead to operating results being below expectations because we may not be able to quickly reduce
these fixed expenses in response to short-term business changes. 

Any of the above factors could have a material adverse impact on our
operations and financial results. 

12 

Table of Contents

WE EXPECT GROSS MARGIN TO VARY OVER TIME, AND OUR LEVEL OF PRODUCT GROSS MARGIN MAY NOT BE SUSTAINABLE 

Our level of product gross margins may not be sustainable and may continue to be adversely affected by numerous factors, including: 

•

 Changes in customer, geographic, or product mix, including mix of configurations within each product group 

•

 Introduction of new products, including products with price-performance advantages 

•

 Our ability to reduce production costs 

•

 Entry into new markets, including markets with different pricing and cost structures, through acquisitions, such as our acquisition of Scientific-Atlanta, or
internal development 

•

 Sales discounts 

•

 Increases in material or labor costs 

•

 Excess inventory and inventory holding charges 

•

 Obsolescence charges 

•

 Changes in shipment volume 

•

 Loss of cost savings due to changes in component pricing or charges incurred due to inventory holding periods if parts ordering does not correctly anticipate
product demand 

•

 Lower than expected benefits from value engineering 

•

 Increased price competition, including competitors from Asia, especially China 

•

 Changes in distribution channels 

•

 Increased warranty costs 

•

 How well we execute on our strategy and operating plans 

Changes in service gross margin may result from various factors such as changes in the mix between technical support services and advanced services, as well as the timing of technical support service contract
initiations and renewals and the addition of personnel and other resources to support higher levels of service business in future periods. 

DISRUPTION
OF OR CHANGES IN OUR DISTRIBUTION MODEL COULD HARM OUR SALES AND MARGINS 

If we fail to manage distribution of our products and services
properly, or if our distributors’ financial condition or operations weaken, our revenue and gross margins could be adversely affected. 

A substantial portion of our products and services is sold through our channel partners and the remainder is sold through direct sales. Our channel partners include systems integrators, service providers, other resellers, distributors, and
retail partners. Systems integrators and service providers typically sell directly to end users and often provide system installation, technical support, professional services, and other support services in addition to network equipment sales.
Systems integrators also typically integrate our products into an overall solution, and a number of service providers are also systems integrators. Distributors stock inventory and typically sell to systems integrators, service providers, and other
resellers. In addition, home networking products are generally sold through distributors and retail partners. We refer to sales through distributors and retail partners as our two-tier system of sales to the end customer. Revenue from distributors
and retail partners is recognized based on a sell-through method using information provided by them. These distributors and retail partners are generally given business terms that allow them to return a portion of inventory, receive credits for
changes in selling prices, and participate in various cooperative marketing programs. If sales through indirect channels increase, this may lead to greater difficulty in forecasting the mix of our products and, to a degree, the timing of orders from
our customers. 

13 

Table of Contents

Historically, we have seen fluctuations in our gross margins based on changes in the balance of our
distribution channels. Although variability to date has not been significant, there can be no assurance that changes in the balance of our distribution model in future periods would not have an adverse effect on our gross margins and profitability.

Some factors could result in disruption of or changes in our distribution model, which could harm our sales and margins, including the
following: 

•

 We compete with some of our channel partners through our direct sales, which may lead these channel partners to use other suppliers that do not directly sell their
own products 

•

 Some of our channel partners may demand that we absorb a greater share of the risks that their customers may ask them to bear 

•

 Some of our channel partners may have insufficient financial resources and may not be able to withstand changes in business conditions 

OUR INVENTORY MANAGEMENT RELATING TO OUR SALES TO OUR TWO-TIER DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL IS COMPLEX, AND EXCESS INVENTORY MAY HARM OUR GROSS MARGINS 

We must manage our inventory relating to sales to our distributors and retail partners effectively, because inventory held by them could affect our
results of operations. Our distributors and retail partners may increase orders during periods of product shortages, cancel orders if their inventory is too high, or delay orders in anticipation of new products. They also may adjust their orders in
response to the supply of our products and the products of our competitors that are available to them and in response to seasonal fluctuations in end-user demand. Revenue to our distributors and retail partners is recognized based on a sell-through
method using information provided by them, and they are generally given business terms that allow them to return a portion of inventory, receive credits for changes in selling price, and participate in various cooperative marketing programs.
Inventory management remains an area of focus as we balance the need to maintain strategic inventory levels to ensure competitive lead times against the risk of inventory obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and customer requirements.
If we ultimately determine that we have excess inventory, we may have to reduce our prices and write down inventory, which in turn could result in lower gross margins. 

SALES TO THE SERVICE PROVIDER MARKET ARE ESPECIALLY VOLATILE, AND WEAKNESS IN SALES ORDERS FROM THIS INDUSTRY MAY HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 

Sales to the service provider market have been characterized by larger and more uneven purchases, especially relating to our router sales and sales of
certain of our advanced technologies, in addition to longer sales cycles. We have experienced significant weakness in sales to service providers over certain extended periods of time as market conditions have fluctuated. Sales activity in this
industry depends upon the stage of completion of expanding network infrastructures; the availability of funding; and the extent to which service providers are affected by regulatory, economic, and business conditions in the country of operations.
Although some service providers may have increased capital expenditures over the depressed levels that have prevailed over the last few years, weakness in orders from this industry could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results, and financial condition. Slowdowns in the general economy, overcapacity, changes in the service provider market, regulatory developments, and constraints on capital availability have had a material adverse effect on many of our service
provider customers, with many of these customers going out of business or substantially reducing their expansion plans. These conditions have materially harmed our business and operating results, and we expect that some or all of these conditions
may continue for the foreseeable future. Finally, service provider customers typically have longer implementation cycles; require a broader range of services including design services; demand that vendors take on a larger share of risks; often
require acceptance provisions, which can lead to a delay in revenue recognition; and expect financing from vendors. All these factors can add further risk to business conducted with service providers. 

A SHORTAGE OF ADEQUATE COMPONENT SUPPLY OR MANUFACTURING CAPACITY COULD INCREASE OUR COSTS OR CAUSE A DELAY IN OUR ABILITY TO FULFILL ORDERS, AND OUR FAILURE TO
ESTIMATE CUSTOMER DEMAND PROPERLY MAY RESULT IN EXCESS OR OBSOLETE COMPONENT SUPPLY, WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR GROSS MARGINS 

Our
growth and ability to meet customer demands depend in part on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of parts from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. We have experienced component shortages in the past, including shortages caused by
manufacturing process issues, that have affected our operations. We may in the future experience a shortage of certain component parts as a result of our own manufacturing issues, manufacturing issues at our suppliers or contract manufacturers,
capacity problems experienced by our suppliers or contract manufacturers, or strong demand in the industry for those parts, especially if the economy grows. Growth in the economy is likely to create greater pressures on us and our suppliers to
accurately project overall component demand and component demands within specific product categories and to establish optimal component levels. 

14 

Table of Contents

If shortages or delays persist, the price of these components may increase, or the components may not be available at all, and we may also encounter
shortages if we do not accurately anticipate our needs. We may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality to build new products in a timely manner in the quantities or configurations needed. Accordingly,
our revenue and gross margins could suffer until other sources can be developed. Our operating results would also be adversely affected if, anticipating greater demand than actually develops, we commit to the purchase of more components than we
need. There can be no assurance that we will not encounter these problems in the future. Although in many cases we use standard parts and components for our products, certain components are presently available only from a single source or limited
sources. We may not be able to diversify sources in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to deliver products to customers and seriously impact present and future sales. 

We believe that we may be faced with the following challenges in the future: 

•

 New markets in which we participate may grow quickly, which may make it difficult to quickly obtain significant component capacity 

•

 As we acquire companies and new technologies, we may be dependent, at least initially, on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners

•

 We face competition for certain components, which are supply-constrained, from existing competitors and companies in other markets 

Manufacturing capacity and component supply constraints, including those caused by any possible disruption related to our recently completed
implementation of the lean manufacturing model, could be significant issues for us. We purchase components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. During the normal
course of business, in order to improve manufacturing lead-time performance and to help ensure adequate component supply, we enter into agreements with contract manufacturers and suppliers that either allow them to procure inventory based upon
criteria as defined by us or that establish the parameters defining our requirements. In certain instances, these agreements allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders
being placed. If we fail to anticipate customer demand properly, an oversupply of parts could result in excess or obsolete components that could adversely affect our gross margins. For additional information regarding our purchase commitments with
contract manufacturers and suppliers, see Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in our 2007 Annual Report to Shareholders which Note is incorporated into this report by reference. 

A reduction or interruption in supply; a significant increase in the price of one or more components; a failure to adequately authorize procurement of
inventory by our contract manufacturers; a failure to appropriately cancel, reschedule, or adjust our requirements based on our business needs; or a decrease in demand for our products could materially adversely affect our business, operating
results, and financial condition and could materially damage customer relationships. Furthermore, as a result of binding price or purchase commitments with suppliers, we may be obligated to purchase components at prices that are higher than those
available in the current market. In the event that we become committed to purchase components at prices in excess of the current market price when the components are actually used, our gross margins could decrease. 

The fact that we do not own the bulk of our manufacturing facilities could have an adverse impact on the supply of our products and on our operating
results. Financial problems of contract manufacturers on whom we rely, or reservation of manufacturing capacity by other companies, inside or outside of our industry, could either limit supply or increase costs. 

Our key manufacturing facilities for Scientific-Atlanta’s products are located in Juarez, Mexico, and we may be materially and adversely affected by
any prolonged disruption in the operation of this facility. 

THE MARKETS IN WHICH WE COMPETE ARE INTENSELY COMPETITIVE, WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR
REVENUE GROWTH 

The markets in which we compete are characterized by rapid change, converging technologies, and a migration to
networking solutions that offer relative advantages. These market factors represent a competitive threat to us. We compete with numerous vendors in each product category. The overall number of our competitors providing niche product solutions may
increase. Also, the identity and composition of competitors may change as we increase our activity in our advanced technology markets. As we continue to expand globally, we may see new competition in different geographic regions. In particular, we
have experienced price-focused competition from competitors in Asia, especially China, and we anticipate this will continue. For information regarding our competition and the risks arising out of the competitive environment in which we operate, see
the section entitled “Competition” contained in Item 1 of this report. 

15 

Table of Contents

WE DEPEND UPON THE DEVELOPMENT OF NEW PRODUCTS AND ENHANCEMENTS TO EXISTING PRODUCTS, AND IF WE FAIL TO PREDICT AND
RESPOND TO EMERGING TECHNOLOGICAL TRENDS AND CUSTOMERS’ CHANGING NEEDS, OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND MARKET SHARE MAY SUFFER 

The
markets for our products are characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, new product introductions, and evolving methods of building and operating networks. Our operating results depend on our ability to develop and
introduce new products into existing and emerging markets and to reduce the production costs of existing products. We believe the industry is evolving to enable personal and business process collaboration enabled by Web 2.0, the technologies that
enable user collaboration, as part of the second major phase of the Internet. As such, many of our strategic initiatives and investments are aimed at meeting the requirements that a network capable of multiple party, collaborative interaction would
demand, and the investments we have made and our architectural approach are designed to enable Web 2.0 and the increased use of the network as the platform for all forms of communications and information technology. The process of developing new
technology is complex and uncertain, and if we fail to accurately predict customers’ changing needs and emerging technological trends our business could be harmed. We must commit significant resources to developing new products before knowing
whether our investments will result in products the market will accept. In particular, if our model of the evolution of networking to collaborative systems does not emerge as we believe it will, or if the industry does not evolve as we believe it
will, many of our strategic initiatives and investments may be of no or limited value. Furthermore, we may not execute successfully on that vision because of errors in product planning or timing, technical hurdles that we fail to overcome in a
timely fashion, or a lack of appropriate resources. This could result in competitors providing those solutions before we do and loss of market share, net sales, and earnings. The success of new products depends on several factors, including proper
new product definition, component costs, timely completion and introduction of these products, differentiation of new products from those of our competitors, and market acceptance of these products. There can be no assurance that we will
successfully identify new product opportunities, develop and bring new products to market in a timely manner, or achieve market acceptance of our products or that products and technologies developed by others will not render our products or
technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. Specifically, the products and technologies that we identify as “emerging technologies,” such as our TelePresence products, or “advanced technologies” may not prove to have the market
success we anticipate, and we may not successfully identify and invest in other emerging or advanced technologies. 

WE ARE INCREASING OUR INVESTMENT IN
ENGINEERING, SALES, AND MANUFACTURING ACTIVITIES AND THESE INVESTMENTS MAY ACHIEVE DELAYED, OR LOWER THAN EXPECTED, BENEFITS WHICH COULD HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS 

We intend to continue to add personnel and other resources to our engineering, sales and manufacturing functions as we focus on developing emerging technologies, the next wave of advanced technologies, growing the
commercial market segment, capitalizing on our emerging market opportunities, enhancing our evolving support model and increasing our market share gains. We are likely to recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the
anticipated benefits, and the return on these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect. If we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from these investments, or if the achievement of these benefits is delayed, our
operating results may be adversely affected. 

OUR BUSINESS SUBSTANTIALLY DEPENDS UPON THE CONTINUED GROWTH OF THE INTERNET AND INTERNET-BASED SYSTEMS

A substantial portion of our business and revenue depends on growth and evolution of the Internet and on the deployment of our products
by customers who depend on the continued growth and evolution of the Internet. To the extent that an economic slowdown and reduction in capital spending adversely affect spending on Internet infrastructure, we could experience material harm to our
business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Because of the rapid introduction of new products and changing customer requirements
related to matters such as cost-effectiveness and security, we believe that there could be certain performance problems with Internet communications in the future, which could receive a high degree of publicity and visibility. Because we are a large
supplier of networking products, our business, operating results, and financial condition may be materially adversely affected, regardless of whether or not these problems are due to the performance of our own products. Such an event could also
result in a material adverse effect on the market price of our common stock independent of direct effects on our business. 

CHANGES IN INDUSTRY
STRUCTURE AND MARKET CONDITIONS COULD LEAD TO CHARGES RELATED TO DISCONTINUANCES OF CERTAIN OF OUR PRODUCTS OR BUSINESSES AND ASSET IMPAIRMENTS 

In response to changes in industry and market conditions, we may be required to strategically realign our resources and consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise exiting businesses. Any decision to limit investment in or dispose of
or otherwise exit businesses may result in the recording of special charges, such as inventory and technology-related write-offs, workforce reduction costs, charges relating to consolidation of excess facilities, or claims from third parties who
were resellers or users of discontinued products. Our estimates with respect to the useful life or ultimate recoverability of our carrying basis of assets, including purchased 

16 

Table of Contents

intangible assets, could change as a result of such assessments and decisions. Further, our estimates relating to the liabilities for excess facilities are
affected by changes in real estate market conditions. Additionally, we are required to perform goodwill impairment tests on an annual basis and between annual tests in certain circumstances, and future goodwill impairment tests may result in a
charge to earnings. 

WE HAVE MADE AND EXPECT TO CONTINUE TO MAKE ACQUISITIONS THAT COULD DISRUPT OUR OPERATIONS AND HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS

Our growth depends upon market growth, our ability to enhance our existing products, and our ability to introduce new products on a
timely basis. We intend to continue to address the need to develop new products and enhance existing products through acquisitions of other companies, product lines, technologies, and personnel. Acquisitions involve numerous risks, including the
following: 

•

 Difficulties in integrating the operations, systems, technologies, products, and personnel of the acquired companies, particularly companies with large and
widespread operations and/or complex products, such as Scientific-Atlanta and WebEx 

•

 Diversion of management’s attention from normal daily operations of the business and the challenges of managing larger and more widespread operations resulting
from acquisitions 

•

 Potential difficulties in completing projects associated with in-process research and development 

•

 Difficulties in entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and where competitors in such markets have stronger market positions

•

 Initial dependence on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners 

•

 Insufficient revenue to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions 

•

 The potential loss of key employees, customers, distributors, vendors and other business partners of the companies we acquire following and continuing after
announcement of acquisition plans 

Acquisitions may also cause us to: 

•

 Issue common stock that would dilute our current shareholders’ percentage ownership 

•

 Use a substantial portion of our cash resources, as we did in connection with our acquisitions of WebEx and IronPort, or incur debt as we did in February 2006 when
we issued and sold $6.5 billion in senior unsecured notes to fund our acquisition of Scientific-Atlanta 

•

 Significantly increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements if we incur additional debt to pay for an acquisition

•

 Assume liabilities 

•

 Record goodwill and nonamortizable intangible assets that are subject to impairment testing on a regular basis and potential periodic impairment charges

•

 Incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets 

•

 Incur tax expenses related to the post-acquisition integration of purchased intangible assets into our intercompany R&D cost sharing arrangement

•

 Incur large and immediate write-offs and restructuring and other related expenses 

•

 Become subject to intellectual property or other litigation 

17 

Table of Contents

Mergers and acquisitions of high-technology companies are inherently risky and subject to many factors
outside of our control, and no assurance can be given that our previous or future acquisitions will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our business, operating results, or financial condition. Failure to manage and successfully
integrate acquisitions could materially harm our business and operating results. Prior acquisitions have resulted in a wide range of outcomes, from successful introduction of new products and technologies to a failure to do so. Even when an acquired
company has already developed and marketed products, there can be no assurance that product enhancements will be made in a timely fashion or that preacquisition due diligence will have identified all possible issues that might arise with respect to
such products. 

From time to time, we have made acquisitions that resulted in in-process research and development expenses being charged in
an individual quarter. These charges may occur in any particular quarter, resulting in variability in our quarterly earnings. In addition, our effective tax rate for future periods is uncertain, and could be impacted by mergers and acquisitions.
Risks related to new product development also apply to acquisitions. Please see the risk factors above, including the risk factor entitled “We depend upon the development of new products and enhancements to existing products, and if we fail to
predict and respond to emerging technological trends and customers’ changing needs, our operating results and market share may suffer” for additional information. 

ENTRANCE INTO NEW OR DEVELOPING MARKETS EXPOSES US TO ADDITIONAL COMPETITION AND WILL LIKELY INCREASE DEMANDS ON OUR SERVICE AND SUPPORT OPERATIONS 

As we focus on new market opportunities—for example, storage; wireless; security; and transporting data, voice, and video traffic across the same
network, and other advanced technologies and emerging technologies—we will increasingly compete with large telecommunications equipment suppliers as well as startup companies. Several of our competitors may have greater resources, including
technical and engineering resources, than we do. Additionally, as customers in these markets complete infrastructure deployments, they may require greater levels of service, support, and financing than we have provided in the past. Demand for these
types of service or financing contracts may increase in the future. There can be no assurance that we can provide products, service, support, and financing to effectively compete for these market opportunities. Further, provision of greater levels
of services by us may result in a delay in the timing of revenue recognition. In addition, entry into other markets, including our entry into the consumer market, has subjected and will subject us to additional risks, particularly to those markets,
including the effects of general market conditions and reduced consumer confidence. 

PRODUCT QUALITY PROBLEMS COULD LEAD TO REDUCED REVENUE, GROSS
MARGINS, AND NET INCOME 

We produce highly complex products that incorporate leading-edge technology, including both hardware and
software. Software typically contains bugs that can unexpectedly interfere with expected operations. There can be no assurance that our preshipment testing programs will be adequate to detect all defects, either ones in individual products or ones
that could affect numerous shipments, which might interfere with customer satisfaction, reduce sales opportunities, or affect gross margins. In the past, we have had to replace certain components and provide remediation in response to the discovery
of defects or bugs in products that we had shipped. Although the cost of such remediation has not been material in the past, there can be no assurance that such a remediation, depending on the product involved, would not have a material impact. An
inability to cure a product defect could result in the failure of a product line, temporary or permanent withdrawal from a product or market, damage to our reputation, inventory costs, or product reengineering expenses, any of which could have a
material impact on our revenue, margins, and net income. 

INDUSTRY CONSOLIDATION MAY LEAD TO INCREASED COMPETITION AND MAY HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS

There has been a trend toward industry consolidation in our markets for several years. We expect this trend to continue as companies
attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving industry and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue operations. We believe that industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors that are better able to
compete as sole-source vendors for customers. This could lead to more variability in our operating results and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Furthermore, particularly in the service
provider market, rapid consolidation will lead to fewer customers, with the effect that loss of a major customer could have a material impact on results not anticipated in a customer marketplace composed of more numerous participants. 

DUE TO THE GLOBAL NATURE OF OUR OPERATIONS, POLITICAL OR ECONOMIC CHANGES OR OTHER FACTORS IN A SPECIFIC COUNTRY OR REGION COULD HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND
FINANCIAL CONDITION 

We conduct significant sales and customer support operations in countries outside of the United States, maintain a
manufacturing facility for a substantial portion of our video systems products in Juarez, Mexico, and also depend on non-U.S. operations of our contract manufacturers and our distribution partners. Recently our Emerging Markets theater has been
the fastest growing of our business segments, and our growth depends in part on our continuing to increase sales into this theater. Our future results could be 

18 

Table of Contents

materially adversely affected by a variety of uncontrollable and changing factors relating to our operations outside the United States, any or all of which
could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, including, among others, foreign currency exchange rates; political or social unrest, economic instability or natural disasters in a specific country or region;
environmental and trade protection measures and other regulatory requirements, which may affect our ability to import our products to, export our products from, or sell our products in various countries; political considerations that affect service
provider and government spending patterns; health or similar issues, such as a pandemic or epidemic; difficulties in staffing and managing international operations; and adverse tax consequences, including imposition of withholding or other taxes on
payments by subsidiaries. 

WE ARE EXPOSED TO FLUCTUATIONS IN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATES THAT COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS AND CASH FLOWS

Because a significant portion of our business is conducted outside the United States, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign
currency exchange rates. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. Historically, our primary exposures have related to
nondollar-denominated sales in Japan, Canada, and Australia and certain non-dollar-denominated operating expenses in Europe, Latin America, and Asia, where we sell primarily in U.S. dollars. Additionally, we have exposures to emerging market
currencies, which can have extreme currency volatility. An increase in the value of the dollar could increase the real cost to our customers of our products in those markets outside the United States where we sell in dollars, and a weakened dollar
could increase the cost of local operating expenses and procurement of raw materials to the extent that we must purchase components in foreign currencies. 

Currently, we enter into foreign exchange forward contracts to reduce the short-term impact of foreign currency fluctuations on certain foreign currency receivables, investments, and payables. In addition, we
periodically hedge anticipated foreign currency cash flows. Our attempts to hedge against these risks may not be successful, resulting in an adverse impact on our net income. 

WE ARE EXPOSED TO THE CREDIT RISK OF SOME OF OUR CUSTOMERS AND TO CREDIT EXPOSURES IN WEAKENED MARKETS, WHICH COULD RESULT IN MATERIAL LOSSES 

Most of our sales are on an open credit basis, with typical payment terms of 30 days in the United States and, because of local customs or conditions,
longer in some markets outside the United States. We monitor individual customer payment capability in granting such open credit arrangements, seek to limit such open credit to amounts we believe the customers can pay, and maintain reserves we
believe are adequate to cover exposure for doubtful accounts. Beyond our open credit arrangements, we have also experienced demands for customer financing and facilitation of leasing arrangements. We expect demand for customer financing to continue.
We believe customer financing is a competitive factor in obtaining business, particularly in supplying customers involved in significant infrastructure projects. Our loan financing arrangements may include not only financing the acquisition of our
products and services but also providing additional funds for other costs associated with network installation and integration of our products and services and for working capital purposes. We do not recognize revenue on customer loan financing
arrangements until cash payments are received. 

Our exposure to the credit risks relating to our financing activities described above may
increase if there is an economic slowdown. Although we have programs in place that are designed to monitor and mitigate the associated risk, including monitoring of particular risks in certain geographic areas, there can be no assurance that such
programs will be effective in reducing our credit risks. There have been significant bankruptcies among customers both on open credit and with loan or lease financing arrangements, particularly among Internet businesses and service providers,
causing us to incur economic or financial losses. There can be no assurance that additional losses will not be incurred. Although these losses have not been material to date, future losses, if incurred, could harm our business and have a material
adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. A portion of our sales is derived through our distributors and retail partners. These distributors and retail partners are generally given business terms that allow them to return a
portion of inventory, receive credits for changes in selling prices, and participate in various cooperative marketing programs. We maintain estimated accruals and allowances for such business terms. However, distributors tend to have more limited
financial resources than other resellers and end-user customers and therefore represent potential sources of increased credit risk because they may be more likely to lack the reserve resources to meet payment obligations. 

OUR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS MAY PROVE DIFFICULT TO ENFORCE 

We generally rely on patents, copyrights, trademarks, and trade secret laws to establish and maintain proprietary rights in our technology and products. Although we have been issued numerous patents and other patent applications are
currently pending, there can be no assurance that any of these patents or other proprietary rights will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented or that our rights will, in fact, provide competitive advantages to us. Furthermore, many key
aspects of networking technology are governed by industrywide standards, which are usable by all market entrants. In addition, there can be no assurance that patents will be issued from pending applications or that claims allowed on any patents will
be sufficiently broad to protect our technology. In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the 

19 

Table of Contents

United States. The outcome of any actions taken in these foreign countries may be different than if such actions were determined under the laws of the United
States. Although we are not dependent on any individual patents or group of patents for particular segments of the business for which we compete, if we are unable to protect our proprietary rights to the totality of the features (including aspects
of products protected other than by patent rights) in a market, we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the substantial expense, time, and effort required to create innovative products that have enabled us to
be successful. 

WE MAY BE FOUND TO INFRINGE ON INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF OTHERS 

Third parties, including customers, have in the past and may in the future assert claims or initiate litigation related to exclusive patent, copyright,
trademark, and other intellectual property rights to technologies and related standards that are relevant to us. These assertions have increased over time as a result of our growth and the general increase in the pace of patent claims assertions,
particularly in the United States. Because of the existence of a large number of patents in the networking field, the secrecy of some pending patents, and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, it is not economically practical or even possible
to determine in advance whether a product or any of its components infringes or will infringe on the patent rights of others. The asserted claims and/or initiated litigation can include claims against us or our manufacturers, suppliers, or
customers, alleging infringement of their proprietary rights with respect to our existing or future products or components of those products. Regardless of the merit of these claims, they can be time-consuming, result in costly litigation and
diversion of technical and management personnel, or require us to develop a non-infringing technology or enter into license agreements. Where claims are made by customers, resistance even to unmeritorious claims could damage customer relationships.
There can be no assurance that licenses will be available on acceptable terms and conditions, if at all, or that our indemnification by our suppliers will be adequate to cover our costs if a claim were brought directly against us or our customers.
Furthermore, because of the potential for high court awards that are not necessarily predictable, it is not unusual to find even arguably unmeritorious claims settled for significant amounts. If any infringement or other intellectual property claim
made against us by any third party is successful, if we are required to indemnify a customer with respect to a claim against the customer, or if we fail to develop non-infringing technology or license the proprietary rights on commercially
reasonable terms and conditions, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our
exposure to risks associated with the use of intellectual property may be increased as a result of acquisitions, as we have a lower level of visibility into the development process with respect to such technology or the care taken to safeguard
against infringement risks. Further, in the past, third parties have made infringement and similar claims after we have acquired technology that had not been asserted prior to our acquisition. 

WE RELY ON THE AVAILABILITY OF THIRD-PARTY LICENSES 

Many of our products are designed to include software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties. It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of these products. There can be no
assurance that the necessary licenses would be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The inability to obtain certain licenses or other rights or to obtain such licenses or rights on favorable terms, or the need to engage in litigation regarding
these matters, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Moreover, the inclusion in our products of software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties on a nonexclusive basis
could limit our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our products. 

OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND FUTURE PROSPECTS COULD BE MATERIALLY HARMED BY
UNCERTAINTIES OF REGULATION OF THE INTERNET 

Currently, few laws or regulations apply directly to access or commerce on the Internet. We
could be materially adversely affected by regulation of the Internet and Internet commerce in any country where we operate. Such regulations could include matters such as voice over the Internet or using IP, encryption technology, sales taxes on
Internet product sales, and access charges for Internet service providers. The adoption of regulation of the Internet and Internet commerce could decrease demand for our products and, at the same time, increase the cost of selling our products,
which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

CHANGES IN TELECOMMUNICATIONS REGULATION AND
TARIFFS COULD HARM OUR PROSPECTS AND FUTURE SALES 

Changes in telecommunications requirements, or regulatory requirements in other
industries in which we operate, in the United States or other countries could affect the sales of our products. In particular, we believe that there may be future changes in U.S. telecommunications regulations that could slow the expansion of the
service providers’ network infrastructures and materially adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Future changes in tariffs by regulatory agencies or application of tariff requirements to currently untariffed services could affect the 

20 

Table of Contents

sales of our products for certain classes of customers. Additionally, in the United States, our products must comply with various Federal Communications
Commission requirements and regulations. In countries outside of the United States, our products must meet various requirements of local telecommunications authorities. Changes in tariffs or failure by us to obtain timely approval of products could
have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

FAILURE TO RETAIN AND RECRUIT KEY PERSONNEL WOULD HARM OUR
ABILITY TO MEET KEY OBJECTIVES 

Our success has always depended in large part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled
technical, managerial, sales, and marketing personnel. Competition for these personnel is intense, especially in the Silicon Valley area of Northern California. Stock option grants are designed to reward employees for their long-term contributions
and provide incentives for them to remain with us. Volatility, lack of positive performance in our stock price, or changes to our overall compensation program, including our stock incentive program, resulting from the adoption of SFAS 123(R) or
otherwise, may also adversely affect our ability to retain key employees. As a result of one or more of these factors, we may increase our hiring in geographic areas outside the United States, which could subject us to additional geopolitical and
exchange rate risk. The loss of services of any of our key personnel, the inability to retain and attract qualified personnel in the future, or delays in hiring required personnel, particularly engineering and sales personnel, could make it
difficult to meet key objectives, such as timely and effective product introductions. In addition, companies in the networking industry whose employees accept positions with competitors frequently claim that competitors have engaged in improper
hiring practices. We have received these claims in the past and may receive additional claims to this effect in the future. 

ADVERSE RESOLUTION OF
LITIGATION MAY HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS OR FINANCIAL CONDITION 

We are a party to lawsuits in the normal course of our business.
Litigation can be expensive, lengthy, and disruptive to normal business operations. Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. An unfavorable resolution of a particular lawsuit could have a material adverse effect
on our business, operating results, or financial condition. For additional information regarding certain of the lawsuits in which we are involved, see Item 3, “Legal Proceedings,” contained in Part I of this report. 

CHANGES IN OUR PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES OR ADVERSE OUTCOMES RESULTING FROM EXAMINATION OF OUR INCOME TAX RETURNS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR RESULTS 

Our provision for income taxes is subject to volatility and could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries which
have lower tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries which have higher tax rates; by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; by expiration of or lapses in the R&D tax credit laws; by transfer pricing
adjustments including the post-acquisition integration of purchased intangible assets from certain acquisitions into our intercompany R&D cost sharing arrangement; by tax effects of share-based compensation; by costs related to intercompany
restructurings; or by changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles, including accounting for uncertain tax positions, or interpretations thereof. Further, as a result of certain of our ongoing employment and capital investment
actions and commitments, our income in certain countries is subject to reduced tax rates, and in some cases is wholly exempt from tax. Our failure to meet these commitments could adversely impact our provision for income taxes. In addition, we are
subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our
provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these continuous examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS ARE ESPECIALLY SUBJECT TO THE RISKS OF EARTHQUAKES, FLOODS, AND OTHER NATURAL CATASTROPHIC EVENTS 

Our corporate headquarters, including certain of our research and development operations and our manufacturing facilities, are located in the Silicon
Valley area of Northern California, a region known for seismic activity. Additionally, a certain number of our facilities, including one of our manufacturing facilities, are located near rivers that have experienced flooding in the past. A
significant natural disaster, such as an earthquake, a hurricane, or a flood, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

MAN-MADE PROBLEMS SUCH AS COMPUTER VIRUSES OR TERRORISM MAY DISRUPT OUR OPERATIONS AND HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS 

Despite our implementation of network security measures, our servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins, and similar disruptions from unauthorized tampering with our computer systems. Any such event could
have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Efforts to limit the ability of malicious third parties to disrupt the operations of 

21 

Table of Contents

the Internet or undermine our own security efforts may meet with resistance. In addition, the continued threat of terrorism and heightened security and
military action in response to this threat, or any future acts of terrorism, may cause further disruptions to the economies of the United States and other countries and create further uncertainties or otherwise materially harm our business,
operating results, and financial condition. Likewise, events such as widespread blackouts could have similar negative impacts. To the extent that such disruptions or uncertainties result in delays or cancellations of customer orders or the
manufacture or shipment of our products, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

WE ARE
EXPOSED TO FLUCTUATIONS IN THE MARKET VALUES OF OUR PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS AND IN INTEREST RATES; IMPAIRMENT OF OUR INVESTMENTS COULD HARM OUR EARNINGS 

We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities. These securities are generally classified as available-for-sale and, consequently, are recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at
fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as a separate component of accumulated other comprehensive income, net of tax. Part of this portfolio includes equity investments in publicly traded companies, the values of which are subject to
market price volatility to the extent unhedged. If the public equities market declines, we may recognize in earnings the decline in fair value of our publicly traded equity investments below the cost basis when the decline is judged to be
other-than-temporary. For information regarding the sensitivity of and risks associated with the market value of portfolio investments and interest rates, refer to the section titled “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk” included in our 2007 Annual Report to Shareholders, which section is incorporated by reference into this report. Our investments in private companies are subject to risk of loss of investment capital. These investments are inherently
risky because the markets for the technologies or products they have under development are typically in the early stages and may never materialize. We could lose our entire investment in these companies. 

IF WE DO NOT SUCCESSFULLY MANAGE OUR STRATEGIC ALLIANCES, WE MAY EXPERIENCE INCREASED COMPETITION OR DELAYS IN PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT 

We have several strategic alliances with large and complex organizations and other companies with whom we work to offer complementary products and
services. These arrangements are generally limited to specific projects, the goal of which is generally to facilitate product compatibility and adoption of industry standards. If successful, these relationships may be mutually beneficial and result
in industry growth. However, these alliances carry an element of risk because, in most cases, we must compete in some business areas with a company with which we have a strategic alliance and, at the same time, cooperate with that company in other
business areas. Also, if these companies fail to perform or if these relationships fail to materialize as expected, we could suffer delays in product development or other operational difficulties. 

WE ARE REQUIRED TO RECOGNIZE EXPENSE FOR SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION RELATED TO EMPLOYEE SHARE-BASED AWARDS, AND THERE IS NO ASSURANCE THAT THE EXPENSE THAT WE ARE
REQUIRED TO RECOGNIZE MEASURES ACCURATELY THE VALUE OF OUR SHARE-BASED PAYMENT AWARDS, AND THE RECOGNITION OF THIS EXPENSE COULD CAUSE THE TRADING PRICE OF OUR COMMON STOCK TO DECLINE 

On July 31, 2005, we adopted SFAS 123(R), which requires the measurement and recognition of compensation expense for all share-based compensation
based on estimated fair values. As a result, starting with fiscal 2006, our operating results contain a charge for employee share-based compensation expense. This charge is in addition to share-based compensation expense we recognized prior to
fiscal 2006 related to acquisitions and investments. The application of SFAS 123(R) requires the use of an option-pricing model to determine the fair value of share-based payment awards. This determination of fair value is affected by our stock
price as well as assumptions regarding a number of highly complex and subjective variables. These variables include, but are not limited to, our expected stock price volatility over the term of the awards, and actual and projected employee stock
option exercise behaviors. Option-pricing models were developed for use in estimating the value of traded options that have no vesting or hedging restrictions and are fully transferable. Because our employee stock options have certain
characteristics that are significantly different from traded options, and because changes in the subjective assumptions can materially affect the estimated value, in management’s opinion the existing valuation models may not provide an accurate
measure of the fair value of our employee stock options. Although the fair value of employee stock options is determined in accordance with SFAS 123(R) and SAB 107 using an option-pricing model, that value may not be indicative of the fair value
observed in a willing buyer/willing seller market transaction. 

As a result of the adoption of SFAS 123(R), beginning with fiscal 2006, our
earnings were lower than they would have been had we not been required to adopt SFAS 123(R). This will continue to be the case for future periods. We cannot predict the effect that this adverse impact on our reported operating results will have on
the trading price of our common stock. 

22 

Table of Contents

OUR STOCK PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE 

Historically, our common stock has experienced substantial price volatility, particularly as a result of variations between our actual financial results and the published expectations of analysts and as a result of
announcements by our competitors and us. Furthermore, speculation in the press or investment community about our strategic position, financial condition, results of operations, business, security of our products or significant transactions can cause
changes in our stock price. In addition, the stock market has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies, in particular, and that have often been unrelated to the operating
performance of these companies. These factors, as well as general economic and political conditions and the announcement of proposed and completed acquisitions or other significant transactions, or any difficulties associated with such transactions,
by us or our current or potential competitors, may materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock in the future. Additionally, volatility, lack of positive performance in our stock price or changes to our overall compensation
program including our stock incentive program may adversely affect our ability to retain key employees, virtually all of whom are compensated, in part, based on the performance of our stock price. 

WE HAVE ISSUED $6.5 BILLION OF SENIOR UNSECURED NOTES, AND THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION WILL NOT BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED

On February 22, 2006, we issued senior unsecured notes in an aggregate principal amount of $6.5 billion that mature at specific
dates in 2009, 2011 and 2016. The notes that mature in 2009 bear floating-rate interest payable quarterly while the notes that mature in 2011 and 2016 bear fixed-rate interest payable semi-annually. We have entered into certain interest rate swaps
to, in effect, convert the interest rates of the fixed interest notes into floating-rates based on LIBOR. Higher short-term interest rates would accordingly result in increased interest expense. While we presently mitigate this risk by investing a
portion of our interest-bearing assets in instruments with similar interest rate characteristics as the swapped debt, there can be no assurance that we will maintain a matched portfolio in the future. The instruments governing the notes contain
certain covenants applicable to us and our subsidiaries that may adversely affect our ability to incur certain liens or engage in certain types of sale and leaseback transactions. We have not previously undertaken substantial amounts of debt for
borrowed money. There can be no assurance that our incurrence of this debt will be a better means of providing liquidity to us than would our use of our existing cash resources, including cash currently held offshore. Further, we cannot be assured
that our maintenance of this indebtedness will not adversely affect our operating results or financial condition. In addition, changes by any rating agency to our credit rating can negatively impact the value and liquidity of both our debt and
equity securities. 

23 

Table of Contents