Set forth below and
elsewhere in this report and in other documents we file with the SEC are descriptions of the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from the results contemplated by the forward-looking statements contained
in this report. 

OUR OPERATING RESULTS MAY FLUCTUATE IN FUTURE PERIODS, WHICH MAY ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR STOCK PRICE 

Our operating results have been in the past, and will continue to be, subject to quarterly and annual fluctuations as a result of numerous factors, some
of which may contribute to more pronounced fluctuations in an uncertain global economic environment. These factors include: 

•

 Fluctuations in demand for our products and services, especially with respect to telecommunications service providers and Internet businesses, in part
due to changes in the global economic environment 

•

 Changes in sales and implementation cycles for our products and reduced visibility into our customers’ spending plans and associated revenue

•

 Our ability to maintain appropriate inventory levels and purchase commitments 

•

 Price and product competition in the communications and networking industries, which can change rapidly due to technological innovation and different
business models from various geographic regions 

•

 The overall movement toward industry consolidation among both our competitors and our customers 

•

 The introduction and market acceptance of new technologies and products and our success in new and evolving markets, including in our New Products
category and emerging technologies, as well as the adoption of new standards 

•

 Variations in sales channels, product costs, or mix of products sold 

•

 The timing, size, and mix of orders from customers 

•

 Manufacturing and customer lead times 

•

 Fluctuations in our gross margins, and the factors that contribute to such fluctuations, as described below 

•

 The ability of our customers, channel partners, contract manufacturers and suppliers to obtain financing or to fund capital expenditures, especially
during a period of global credit market disruption or in the event of customer, channel partner, contract manufacturer or supplier financial problems 

•

 Share-based compensation expense 

•

 Actual events, circumstances, outcomes, and amounts differing from judgments, assumptions, and estimates used in determining the values of certain
assets (including the amounts of related valuation allowances), liabilities, and other items reflected in our Consolidated Financial Statements 

•

 How well we execute on our strategy and operating plans and the impact of changes in our business model that could result in significant restructuring
charges 

•

 Our ability to achieve targeted cost reductions 

•

 Benefits anticipated from our investments in engineering, sales and manufacturing activities 

•

 Changes in tax laws or regulations or accounting rules 

As a consequence, operating results for a particular future period are difficult to predict, and, therefore, prior results are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected in future periods. Any
of the foregoing factors, or any other factors discussed elsewhere herein, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, and financial condition that could adversely affect our stock price. 

15 

Table of Contents

OUR OPERATING RESULTS MAY BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY UNFAVORABLE ECONOMIC AND MARKET CONDITIONS AND THE
UNCERTAIN GEOPOLITICAL ENVIRONMENT 

Challenging economic conditions worldwide have from time to time contributed, and may continue to
contribute, to slowdowns in the communications and networking industries at large, as well as in specific segments and markets in which we operate, resulting in: 

•

 Reduced demand for our products as a result of continued constraints on IT-related capital spending by our customers, particularly service providers,
and other customer markets as well 

•

 Increased price competition for our products, not only from our competitors but also as a consequence of customers disposing of unutilized products

•

 Risk of excess and obsolete inventories 

•

 Risk of supply constraints 

•

 Risk of excess facilities and manufacturing capacity 

•

 Higher overhead costs as a percentage of revenue and higher interest expense 

Instability in the global credit markets, including the recent European economic and financial turmoil related to sovereign debt issues in certain
countries, the instability in the geopolitical environment in many parts of the world and other disruptions, such as changes in energy costs, may continue to put pressure on global economic conditions. The world has recently experienced a global
macroeconomic downturn, and if global economic and market conditions, or economic conditions in key markets, remain uncertain or deteriorate further, we may experience material impacts on our business, operating results, and financial condition.

Our operating results in one or more segments may also be affected by uncertain or changing economic conditions particularly germane to that
segment or to particular customer markets within that segment. For example, during fiscal 2011 we experienced and continue to see a decrease in spending by our public sector customers in almost every developed market around the world. 

WE HAVE BEEN INVESTING IN PRIORITIES, INCLUDING OUR FOUNDATIONAL PRIORITIES, AND IF THE RETURN ON THESE INVESTMENTS IS LOWER OR DEVELOPS MORE SLOWLY
THAN WE EXPECT, OUR OPERATING RESULTS MAY BE HARMED 

We have been realigning and are dedicating resources to focus on certain priorities,
such as leadership in our core routing, switching and services, including security and mobility solutions; collaboration; data center virtualization and cloud; video; and architectures for business transformation. However, the return on our
investments in such priorities may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect. If we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from these investments (including if our selection of areas for investment does not play out as we expect), or if
the achievement of these benefits is delayed, our operating results may be adversely affected. 

OUR REVENUE FOR A PARTICULAR PERIOD IS
DIFFICULT TO PREDICT, AND A SHORTFALL IN REVENUE MAY HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS 

As a result of a variety of factors discussed in this
report, our revenue for a particular quarter is difficult to predict, especially in light of the recent global economic downturn and related market uncertainty. Our net sales may grow at a slower rate than in past periods or may decline, which
occurred in fiscal 2009. Our ability to meet financial expectations could also be adversely affected if the nonlinear sales pattern seen in some of our past quarters recurs in future periods. We have experienced periods of time during which
shipments have exceeded net bookings or manufacturing issues have delayed shipments, leading to nonlinearity in shipping patterns. In addition to making it difficult to predict revenue for a particular period, nonlinearity in shipping can increase
costs, because irregular shipment patterns result in periods of underutilized capacity and periods in which 

16 

Table of Contents

overtime expenses may be incurred, as well as in potential additional inventory management-related costs. In addition, to the extent that manufacturing issues and any related component shortages
result in delayed shipments in the future, and particularly in periods in which we and our contract manufacturers are operating at higher levels of capacity, it is possible that revenue for a quarter could be adversely affected if such matters occur
and are not remediated within the same quarter. 

The timing of large orders can also have a significant effect on our business and operating
results from quarter to quarter, primarily in the United States and in emerging countries. From time to time, we receive large orders that have a significant effect on our operating results in the period in which the order is recognized as revenue.
The timing of such orders is difficult to predict, and the timing of revenue recognition from such orders may affect period to period changes in net sales. As a result, our operating results could vary materially from quarter to quarter based on the
receipt of such orders and their ultimate recognition as revenue. 

Inventory management remains an area of focus. We experienced longer than
normal lead times on several of our products in fiscal 2010. This was attributable in part to increasing demand driven by the improvement in our overall markets, and similar to what has happened in the industry, the longer than normal lead time
extensions also stemmed from supplier constraints based upon their labor and other actions taken during the global economic downturn. We continue to see challenges at some of our component suppliers. Additionally, the earthquake and tsunami in Japan
during the third quarter of fiscal 2011 resulted in industry wide component supply constraints. Longer manufacturing lead times in the past have caused some customers to place the same order multiple times within our various sales channels and to
cancel the duplicative orders upon receipt of the product, or to place orders with other vendors with shorter manufacturing lead times. Such multiple ordering (along with other factors) or risk of order cancellation may cause difficulty in
predicting our sales and, as a result, could impair our ability to manage parts inventory effectively. In addition, our efforts to improve manufacturing lead-time performance may result in corresponding reductions in order backlog. A decline in
backlog levels could result in more variability and less predictability in our quarter-to-quarter net sales and operating results. In addition, when facing component supply-related challenges, we have increased our efforts in procuring components in
order to meet customer expectations which in turn contribute to an increase in purchase commitments. Increases in our purchase commitments to shorten lead times could also lead to excess and obsolete inventory charges if the demand for our products
is less than our expectations. 

We plan our operating expense levels based primarily on forecasted revenue levels. These expenses and the
impact of long-term commitments are relatively fixed in the short term. A shortfall in revenue could lead to operating results being below expectations because we may not be able to quickly reduce these fixed expenses in response to short-term
business changes. 

Any of the above factors could have a material adverse impact on our operations and financial results. 

WE EXPECT GROSS MARGIN TO VARY OVER TIME, AND OUR LEVEL OF PRODUCT GROSS MARGIN MAY NOT BE SUSTAINABLE 

Our level of product gross margins declined in fiscal 2011 and may continue to decline and be adversely affected by numerous factors, including:

•

 Changes in customer, geographic, or product mix, including mix of configurations within each product group 

•

 Introduction of new products, including products with price-performance advantages 

•

 Our ability to reduce production costs 

•

 Entry into new markets or growth in lower margin markets, including markets with different pricing and cost structures, through acquisitions or
internal development 

•

 Sales discounts 

17 

Table of Contents

•

 Increases in material, labor or other manufacturing-related costs, which could be significant especially during periods of supply constraints

•

 Excess inventory and inventory holding charges 

•

 Obsolescence charges 

•

 Changes in shipment volume 

•

 The timing of revenue recognition and revenue deferrals 

•

 Increased cost, loss of cost savings or dilution of savings due to changes in component pricing or charges incurred due to inventory holding periods if
parts ordering does not correctly anticipate product demand or if the financial health of either contract manufacturers or suppliers deteriorates 

•

 Lower than expected benefits from value engineering 

•

 Increased price competition, including competitors from Asia, especially from China 

•

 Changes in distribution channels 

•

 Increased warranty costs 

•

 How well we execute on our strategy and operating plans 

Changes in service gross margin may result from various factors such as changes in the mix between technical support services and advanced services, as well as the timing of technical support service
contract initiations and renewals and the addition of personnel and other resources to support higher levels of service business in future periods. 

SALES TO THE SERVICE PROVIDER MARKET ARE ESPECIALLY VOLATILE, AND WEAKNESS IN SALES ORDERS FROM THIS INDUSTRY MAY HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 

Sales to the service provider market have been characterized by large and sporadic purchases, especially relating to our router sales and sales of
certain products in our New Products category, in addition to longer sales cycles. In the past, we have experienced significant weakness in sales to service providers over certain extended periods of time as market conditions have fluctuated. Sales
activity in this industry depends upon the stage of completion of expanding network infrastructures; the availability of funding; and the extent to which service providers are affected by regulatory, economic, and business conditions in the country
of operations. Weakness in orders from this industry, including as a result of any slowdown in capital expenditures by service providers (which may be more prevalent during a global economic downturn or periods of economic uncertainty), could have a
material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. For example, during fiscal 2009, we experienced a slowdown in service provider capital expenditures globally, and in fiscal 2011 we experienced a slowdown in
certain segments of this market, including in capital expenditures by some service provider customers and in sales of our traditional cable set-top boxes in our United States and Canada segment. Such slowdowns may continue or recur in future
periods. Orders from this industry could decline for many reasons other than the competitiveness of our products and services within their respective markets. For example, in the past, many of our service provider customers have been materially and
adversely affected by slowdowns in the general economy, by overcapacity, by changes in the service provider market, by regulatory developments, and by constraints on capital availability, resulting in business failures and substantial reductions in
spending and expansion plans. These conditions have materially harmed our business and operating results in the past, and some of these or other conditions in the service provider market could affect our business and operating results in any future
period. Finally, service provider customers typically have longer implementation cycles; require a broader range of services, including design services; demand that vendors take on a larger share of risks; often require acceptance provisions, which
can lead to a delay in revenue recognition; and expect financing from vendors. All these factors can add further risk to business conducted with service providers. 

18 

Table of Contents

DISRUPTION OF OR CHANGES IN OUR DISTRIBUTION MODEL COULD HARM OUR SALES AND MARGINS 

If we fail to manage distribution of our products and services properly, or if our distributors’ financial condition or operations weaken, our
revenue and gross margins could be adversely affected. 

A substantial portion of our products and services is sold through our channel
partners, and the remainder is sold through direct sales. Our channel partners include systems integrators, service providers, other resellers, distributors, and retail partners. Systems integrators and service providers typically sell directly to
end users and often provide system installation, technical support, professional services, and other support services in addition to network equipment sales. Systems integrators also typically integrate our products into an overall solution, and a
number of service providers are also systems integrators. Distributors stock inventory and typically sell to systems integrators, service providers, and other resellers. In addition, home networking products are generally sold through distributors
and retail partners. We refer to sales through distributors and retail partners as our two-tier system of sales to the end customer. Revenue from distributors and retail partners generally is recognized based on a sell-through method using
information provided by them. These distributors and retail partners are generally given business terms that allow them to return a portion of inventory, receive credits for changes in selling prices, and participate in various cooperative marketing
programs. If sales through indirect channels increase, this may lead to greater difficulty in forecasting the mix of our products and, to a degree, the timing of orders from our customers. 

Historically, we have seen fluctuations in our gross margins based on changes in the balance of our distribution channels. Although variability to date has not been significant, there can be no assurance
that changes in the balance of our distribution model in future periods would not have an adverse effect on our gross margins and profitability. 

Some factors could result in disruption of or changes in our distribution model, which could harm our sales and margins, including the following: 

•

 We compete with some of our channel partners, including through our direct sales, which may lead these channel partners to use other suppliers that do
not directly sell their own products or otherwise compete with them 

•

 Some of our channel partners may demand that we absorb a greater share of the risks that their customers may ask them to bear

•

 Some of our channel partners may have insufficient financial resources and may not be able to withstand changes and challenges in business conditions

•

 Revenue from indirect sales could suffer if our distributors’ financial condition or operations weaken 

In addition, we depend on our channel partners globally to comply with applicable regulatory requirements. To the extent that they fail to do so, that
could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

THE MARKETS IN WHICH WE COMPETE ARE
INTENSELY COMPETITIVE, WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR ACHIEVEMENT OF REVENUE GROWTH 

The markets in which we compete are characterized
by rapid change, converging technologies, and a migration to networking and communications solutions that offer relative advantages. These market factors represent a competitive threat to us. We compete with numerous vendors in each product
category. The overall number of our competitors providing niche product solutions may increase. Also, the identity and composition of competitors may change as we increase our activity in markets for our New Products and in our priorities. As we
continue to expand globally, we may see new competition in different geographic regions. In particular, we have 

19 

Table of Contents

experienced price-focused competition from competitors in Asia, especially from China, and we anticipate this will continue. For information regarding our competitors, see the section entitled
“Competition” contained in Item 1. Business of this report. 

Some of our competitors compete across many of our product
lines, while others are primarily focused in a specific product area. Barriers to entry are relatively low, and new ventures to create products that do or could compete with our products are regularly formed. In addition, some of our competitors may
have greater resources, including technical and engineering resources, than we do. As we expand into new markets, we will face competition not only from our existing competitors but also from other competitors, including existing companies with
strong technological, marketing, and sales positions in those markets. We also sometimes face competition from resellers and distributors of our products. Companies with whom we have strategic alliances in some areas may be competitors in other
areas. 

For example, the enterprise data center is undergoing a fundamental transformation arising from the convergence of technologies,
including computing, networking, storage, and software, that previously were siloed. Due to several factors, including the availability of highly scalable and general purpose microprocessors, application-specific integrated circuits offering
advanced services, standards based protocols, cloud computing and virtualization, the application of these converging technologies is spanning multiple, previously independent, technology segments. Also, some of our current and potential competitors
for enterprise data center business have made acquisitions, or announced new strategic alliances, designed to position them to provide end-to-end technology solutions for the enterprise data center. As a result of all of these developments, we face
greater competition in the development and sale of enterprise data center technologies, including competition from entities that are among our long-term strategic alliance partners. Companies that are strategic alliance partners in some areas of our
business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, thereby reducing their business with us. 

The principal competitive factors in
the markets in which we presently compete and may compete in the future include: 

•

 The ability to provide a broad range of networking and communications products and services 

•

 Product performance 

•

 Price 

•

 The ability to introduce new products, including products with price-performance advantages 

•

 The ability to reduce production costs 

•

 The ability to provide value-added features such as security, reliability, and investment protection 

•

 Conformance to standards 

•

 Market presence 

•

 The ability to provide financing 

•

 Disruptive technology shifts and new business models 

We also face competition from customers to which we license or supply technology and suppliers from which we transfer technology. The inherent nature of networking requires interoperability. As such, we
must cooperate and at the same time compete with many companies. Any inability to effectively manage these complicated relationships with customers, suppliers, and strategic alliance partners could have a material adverse effect on our business,
operating results, and financial condition and accordingly affect our chances of success. 

20 

Table of Contents

OUR INVENTORY MANAGEMENT RELATING TO OUR SALES TO OUR TWO-TIER DISTRIBUTION CHANNEL IS COMPLEX, AND
EXCESS INVENTORY MAY HARM OUR GROSS MARGINS 

We must manage our inventory relating to sales to our distributors and retail partners
effectively, because inventory held by them could affect our results of operations. Our distributors and retail partners may increase orders during periods of product shortages, cancel orders if their inventory is too high, or delay orders in
anticipation of new products. They also may adjust their orders in response to the supply of our products and the products of our competitors that are available to them and in response to seasonal fluctuations in end-user demand. Revenue to our
distributors and retail partners generally is recognized based on a sell-through method using information provided by them, and they are generally given business terms that allow them to return a portion of inventory, receive credits for changes in
selling price, and participate in various cooperative marketing programs. Inventory management remains an area of focus as we balance the need to maintain strategic inventory levels to ensure competitive lead times against the risk of inventory
obsolescence because of rapidly changing technology and customer requirements. We continue to see challenges at some of our component suppliers and, when facing component supply-related challenges, have increased our efforts in procuring components
in order to meet customer expectations. If we ultimately determine that we have excess inventory, we may have to reduce our prices and write down inventory, which in turn could result in lower gross margins. 

SUPPLY CHAIN ISSUES, INCLUDING FINANCIAL PROBLEMS OF CONTRACT MANUFACTURERS OR COMPONENT SUPPLIERS, OR A SHORTAGE OF ADEQUATE COMPONENT SUPPLY OR
MANUFACTURING CAPACITY THAT INCREASED OUR COSTS OR CAUSED A DELAY IN OUR ABILITY TO FULFILL ORDERS, COULD HAVE AN ADVERSE IMPACT ON OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATING RESULTS, AND OUR FAILURE TO ESTIMATE CUSTOMER DEMAND PROPERLY MAY RESULT IN EXCESS OR
OBSOLETE COMPONENT SUPPLY, WHICH COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR GROSS MARGINS 

The fact that we do not own or operate the bulk of our
manufacturing facilities and that we are reliant on our extended supply chain could have an adverse impact on the supply of our products and on our business and operating results: 

•

 Any financial problems of either contract manufacturers or component suppliers could either limit supply or increase costs

•

 Reservation of manufacturing capacity at our contract manufacturers by other companies, inside or outside of our industry, could either limit supply or
increase costs 

A reduction or interruption in supply; a significant increase in the price of one or more components; a
failure to adequately authorize procurement of inventory by our contract manufacturers; a failure to appropriately cancel, reschedule, or adjust our requirements based on our business needs; or a decrease in demand for our products could materially
adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition and could materially damage customer relationships. Furthermore, as a result of binding price or purchase commitments with suppliers, we may be obligated to purchase
components at prices that are higher than those available in the current market. In the event that we become committed to purchase components at prices in excess of the current market price when the components are actually used, our gross margins
could decrease. We experienced longer than normal lead times on several of our products in fiscal 2010 and we continue to see challenges at some of our component suppliers. Additionally, the earthquake and tsunami in Japan resulted in industry wide
component supply constraints. Although we have generally secured additional supply or taken other mitigation actions, if the conditions resulting from the Japan situation worsen, these conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations, and financial condition. See the risk factor above entitled “Our revenue for a particular period is difficult to predict, and a shortfall in revenue may harm our operating results.” 

Our growth and ability to meet customer demands depend in part on our ability to obtain timely deliveries of parts from our suppliers and contract
manufacturers. We have experienced component shortages in the past, 

21 

Table of Contents

including shortages caused by manufacturing process issues, that have affected our operations. We may in the future experience a shortage of certain component parts as a result of our own
manufacturing issues, manufacturing issues at our suppliers or contract manufacturers, capacity problems experienced by our suppliers or contract manufacturers, or strong demand in the industry for those parts. A return to growth in the economy is
likely to create greater pressures on us and our suppliers to accurately project overall component demand and component demands within specific product categories and to establish optimal component levels and manufacturing capacity, especially for
labor-intensive components, components for which we purchase a substantial portion of the supply, or re-ramping manufacturing capacity for highly complex products. For example, during fiscal 2010, we experienced longer than normal lead times on
several of our products and we continue to see challenges at some of our component suppliers. This was attributable in part to increasing demand driven by the improvement in our overall markets, and similar to what is happening in the industry, the
longer than normal lead time extensions also stemmed from supplier constraints based upon their labor and other actions taken during the global economic downturn. If shortages or delays persist or worsen, the price of these components may increase,
or the components may not be available at all, and we may also encounter shortages if we do not accurately anticipate our needs. We may not be able to secure enough components at reasonable prices or of acceptable quality to build new products in a
timely manner in the quantities or configurations needed. Accordingly, our revenue and gross margins could suffer until other sources can be developed. Our operating results would also be adversely affected if, anticipating greater demand than
actually develops, we commit to the purchase of more components than we need, which is more likely to occur in a period of demand uncertainties such as we are currently experiencing. There can be no assurance that we will not encounter these
problems in the future. Although in many cases we use standard parts and components for our products, certain components are presently available only from a single source or limited sources, and a global economic downturn and related market
uncertainty could negatively impact the availability of components from one or more of these sources, especially during times such as we have recently seen when there are supplier constraints based on labor and other actions taken during economic
downturns. We may not be able to diversify sources in a timely manner, which could harm our ability to deliver products to customers and seriously impact present and future sales. 

We believe that we may be faced with the following challenges in the future: 

•

 New markets in which we participate may grow quickly, which may make it difficult to quickly obtain significant component capacity

•

 As we acquire companies and new technologies, we may be dependent, at least initially, on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners

•

 We face competition for certain components that are supply-constrained, from existing competitors, and companies in other markets

Manufacturing capacity and component supply constraints could continue to be significant issues for us. We purchase
components from a variety of suppliers and use several contract manufacturers to provide manufacturing services for our products. During the normal course of business, in order to improve manufacturing lead-time performance and to help ensure
adequate component supply, we enter into agreements with contract manufacturers and suppliers that either allow them to procure inventory based upon criteria as defined by us or that establish the parameters defining our requirements. In certain
instances, these agreements allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed. When facing component supply-related challenges, we have increased our efforts in
procuring components in order to meet customer expectations which in turn contribute to an increase in purchase commitments. For example, the earthquake in Japan during the third quarter of fiscal 2011 resulted in industry wide component supply
constraints, and approximately $300 million of our purchase commitment increase was attributable to us securing supply components as we made commitments to secure our near term supply needs. Increases in our purchase commitments to shorten lead
times could also lead to excess and obsolete inventory charges if the demand for our products is less than our expectations. If we fail to anticipate customer demand properly, an oversupply of parts could result in excess or obsolete components that
could adversely affect our 

22 

Table of Contents

gross margins. For additional information regarding our purchase commitments with contract manufacturers and suppliers, see Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in this
report. 

Our key manufacturing facilities for Scientific-Atlanta’s products are located in Juarez, Mexico, and we may be materially and
adversely affected by any prolonged disruption in the operation of these facilities. In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2011, we entered into an agreement to sell these manufacturing operations to one of our contract manufacturers. 

WE DEPEND UPON THE DEVELOPMENT OF NEW PRODUCTS AND ENHANCEMENTS TO EXISTING PRODUCTS, AND IF WE FAIL TO PREDICT AND RESPOND TO EMERGING TECHNOLOGICAL
TRENDS AND CUSTOMERS’ CHANGING NEEDS, OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND MARKET SHARE MAY SUFFER 

The markets for our products are
characterized by rapidly changing technology, evolving industry standards, new product introductions, and evolving methods of building and operating networks. Our operating results depend on our ability to develop and introduce new products into
existing and emerging markets and to reduce the production costs of existing products. We believe the industry is evolving to enable personal and business process collaboration enabled by networked technologies. As such, many of our strategic
initiatives and investments are aimed at meeting the requirements that a network capable of multiple-party, collaborative interaction would demand, and the investments we have made and our architectural approach are designed to enable the increased
use of the network as the platform for all forms of communications and IT. In fiscal 2009 we launched our Cisco Unified Computing System, our next-generation enterprise data center platform architected to unite computing, network, storage access,
and virtualization resources in a single system, which is designed to address the fundamental transformation occurring in the enterprise data center. Cisco Unified Computing System is one of several priorities on which we are focusing resources.

The process of developing new technology is complex and uncertain, and if we fail to accurately predict customers’ changing needs and
emerging technological trends our business could be harmed. We must commit significant resources, including the investments we have been making in our priorities to developing new products before knowing whether our investments will result in
products the market will accept. In particular, if our model of the evolution of networking to collaborative systems does not emerge as we believe it will, or if the industry does not evolve as we believe it will, or if our strategy for addressing
this evolution is not successful, many of our strategic initiatives and investments may be of no or limited value. Furthermore, we may not execute successfully on that vision because of errors in product planning or timing, technical hurdles that we
fail to overcome in a timely fashion, or a lack of appropriate resources. This could result in competitors providing those solutions before we do and loss of market share, net sales, and earnings. The success of new products depends on several
factors, including proper new product definition, component costs, timely completion and introduction of these products, differentiation of new products from those of our competitors, and market acceptance of these products. There can be no
assurance that we will successfully identify new product opportunities, develop and bring new products to market in a timely manner, or achieve market acceptance of our products or that products and technologies developed by others will not render
our products or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. The products and technologies in our New Products category and those in our Other Products category that we identify as “emerging technologies” may not prove to have the market
success we anticipate, and we may not successfully identify and invest in other emerging or new products. 

CHANGES IN INDUSTRY STRUCTURE
AND MARKET CONDITIONS COULD LEAD TO CHARGES RELATED TO DISCONTINUANCES OF CERTAIN OF OUR PRODUCTS OR BUSINESSES AND ASSET IMPAIRMENTS 

In
response to changes in industry and market conditions, we may be required to strategically realign our resources and consider restructuring, disposing of, or otherwise exiting businesses. Any decision to limit investment in or dispose of or
otherwise exit businesses may result in the recording of special charges, such as 

23 

Table of Contents

inventory and technology-related write-offs, workforce reduction costs, charges relating to consolidation of excess facilities, or claims from third parties who were resellers or users of
discontinued products. Our estimates with respect to the useful life or ultimate recoverability of our carrying basis of assets, including purchased intangible assets, could change as a result of such assessments and decisions. Although in certain
instances, our supply agreements allow us the option to cancel, reschedule, and adjust our requirements based on our business needs prior to firm orders being placed, our loss contingencies may include liabilities for contracts that we cannot cancel
with contract manufacturers and suppliers. Further, our estimates relating to the liabilities for excess facilities are affected by changes in real estate market conditions. Additionally, we are required to perform goodwill impairment tests on an
annual basis and between annual tests in certain circumstances, and future goodwill impairment tests may result in a charge to earnings. 

In
fiscal 2011 we announced and began implementing restructuring activities designed to lower our operating costs and to simplify our operating model and concentrate our focus on selected foundational priorities. We have incurred in the fourth quarter
of fiscal 2011 and will continue to incur in the near term significant restructuring charges as a result of these activities. The changes to our business model may be disruptive, and the revised model that we adopt may not be more efficient or
effective than the aspects of our business model that are being revised. Our restructuring activities, including any related charges and the impact of the related headcount reductions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating
results, and financial condition. 

OVER THE LONG TERM WE INTEND TO INVEST IN ENGINEERING, SALES, SERVICE, MARKETING AND MANUFACTURING
ACTIVITIES, AND THESE INVESTMENTS MAY ACHIEVE DELAYED, OR LOWER THAN EXPECTED BENEFITS WHICH COULD HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS 

While we
intend to focus on managing our costs and expenses, over the long term, we also intend to invest in personnel and other resources related to our engineering, sales, service, marketing and manufacturing functions as we focus on our foundational
priorities, such as leadership in our core routing, switching and services, including security and mobility solutions; collaboration; data center virtualization and cloud; video; and architectures for business transformation. We are likely to
recognize the costs associated with these investments earlier than some of the anticipated benefits, and the return on these investments may be lower, or may develop more slowly, than we expect. If we do not achieve the benefits anticipated from
these investments, or if the achievement of these benefits is delayed, our operating results may be adversely affected. 

OUR BUSINESS
SUBSTANTIALLY DEPENDS UPON THE CONTINUED GROWTH OF THE INTERNET AND INTERNET-BASED SYSTEMS 

A substantial portion of our business and
revenue depends on growth and evolution of the Internet, including the continued development of the Internet, and on the deployment of our products by customers who depend on such continued growth and evolution. To the extent that an economic
slowdown or economic uncertainty and related reduction in capital spending adversely affect spending on Internet infrastructure we could experience material harm to our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Because of the rapid introduction of new products and changing customer requirements related to matters such as cost-effectiveness and security, we
believe that there could be performance problems with Internet communications in the future, which could receive a high degree of publicity and visibility. Because we are a large supplier of networking products, our business, operating results, and
financial condition may be materially adversely affected, regardless of whether or not these problems are due to the performance of our own products. Such an event could also result in a material adverse effect on the market price of our common
stock independent of direct effects on our business. 

24 

Table of Contents

WE HAVE MADE AND EXPECT TO CONTINUE TO MAKE ACQUISITIONS THAT COULD DISRUPT OUR OPERATIONS AND HARM OUR
OPERATING RESULTS 

Our growth depends upon market growth, our ability to enhance our existing products, and our ability to introduce new
products on a timely basis. We intend to continue to address the need to develop new products and enhance existing products through acquisitions of other companies, product lines, technologies, and personnel. Acquisitions involve numerous risks,
including the following: 

•

 Difficulties in integrating the operations, systems, technologies, products, and personnel of the acquired companies, particularly companies with large
and widespread operations and/or complex products, such as Scientific-Atlanta, WebEx and Tandberg 

•

 Diversion of management’s attention from normal daily operations of the business and the challenges of managing larger and more widespread
operations resulting from acquisitions 

•

 Potential difficulties in completing projects associated with in-process research and development intangibles 

•

 Difficulties in entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and where competitors in such markets have stronger market
positions 

•

 Initial dependence on unfamiliar supply chains or relatively small supply partners 

•

 Insufficient revenue to offset increased expenses associated with acquisitions 

•

 The potential loss of key employees, customers, distributors, vendors and other business partners of the companies we acquire following and continuing
after announcement of acquisition plans 

Acquisitions may also cause us to: 

•

 Issue common stock that would dilute our current shareholders’ percentage ownership 

•

 Use a substantial portion of our cash resources, or incur debt, as we did in fiscal 2006 when we issued and sold $6.5 billion in senior unsecured notes
to fund our acquisition of Scientific-Atlanta 

•

 Significantly increase our interest expense, leverage and debt service requirements if we incur additional debt to pay for an acquisition

•

 Assume liabilities 

•

 Record goodwill and nonamortizable intangible assets that are subject to impairment testing on a regular basis and potential periodic impairment
charges 

•

 Incur amortization expenses related to certain intangible assets 

•

 Incur tax expenses related to the effect of acquisitions on our intercompany research and development (R&D) cost sharing
arrangement and legal structure 

•

 Incur large and immediate write-offs and restructuring and other related expenses 

•

 Become subject to intellectual property or other litigation 

Mergers and acquisitions of high-technology companies are inherently risky and subject to many factors outside of our control, and no assurance can be given that our previous or future acquisitions will
be successful and will not materially adversely affect our business, operating results, or financial condition. Failure to manage and successfully integrate acquisitions could materially harm our business and operating results. Prior acquisitions
have resulted in a wide range of outcomes, from successful introduction of new products and technologies to a failure to do so. Even when an acquired company has already developed and marketed products, there can be no assurance that product
enhancements will be made in a timely fashion or that pre-acquisition due diligence will have identified all possible issues that might arise with respect to such products. 

25 

Table of Contents

From time to time, we have made acquisitions that resulted in charges in an individual quarter. These
charges may occur in any particular quarter, resulting in variability in our quarterly earnings. In addition, our effective tax rate for future periods is uncertain and could be impacted by mergers and acquisitions. Risks related to new product
development also apply to acquisitions. Please see the risk factors above, including the risk factor entitled “We depend upon the development of new products and enhancements to existing products, and if we fail to predict and respond to
emerging technological trends and customers’ changing needs, our operating results and market share may suffer” for additional information. 

ENTRANCE INTO NEW OR DEVELOPING MARKETS EXPOSES US TO ADDITIONAL COMPETITION AND WILL LIKELY INCREASE DEMANDS ON OUR SERVICE AND SUPPORT OPERATIONS 

As we focus on new market opportunities—for example, storage; wireless; security; transporting data, voice, and video traffic across the same
network; and other areas within our New Products category, emerging technologies, and our priorities—we will increasingly compete with large telecommunications equipment suppliers as well as startup companies. Several of our competitors may
have greater resources, including technical and engineering resources, than we do. Additionally, as customers in these markets complete infrastructure deployments, they may require greater levels of service, support, and financing than we have
provided in the past, especially in emerging countries. Demand for these types of service, support, or financing contracts may increase in the future. There can be no assurance that we can provide products, service, support, and financing to
effectively compete for these market opportunities. 

Further, provision of greater levels of services, support and financing by us may result
in a delay in the timing of revenue recognition. In addition, entry into other markets, such as our entry into the consumer market, has subjected and will subject us to additional risks, particularly to those markets, including the effects of
general market conditions and reduced consumer confidence. 

INDUSTRY CONSOLIDATION MAY LEAD TO INCREASED COMPETITION AND MAY HARM OUR
OPERATING RESULTS 

There has been a trend toward industry consolidation in our markets for several years. We expect this trend to continue
as companies attempt to strengthen or hold their market positions in an evolving industry and as companies are acquired or are unable to continue operations. For example, some of our current and potential competitors for enterprise data center
business have made acquisitions, or announced new strategic alliances, designed to position them with the ability to provide end-to-end technology solutions for the enterprise data center. Companies that are strategic alliance partners in some areas
of our business may acquire or form alliances with our competitors, thereby reducing their business with us. We believe that industry consolidation may result in stronger competitors that are better able to compete as sole-source vendors for
customers. This could lead to more variability in our operating results and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Furthermore, particularly in the service provider market, rapid
consolidation will lead to fewer customers, with the effect that loss of a major customer could have a material impact on results not anticipated in a customer marketplace composed of more numerous participants. 

PRODUCT QUALITY PROBLEMS COULD LEAD TO REDUCED REVENUE, GROSS MARGINS, AND NET INCOME 

We produce highly complex products that incorporate leading-edge technology, including both hardware and software. Software typically contains bugs that can unexpectedly interfere with expected
operations. There can be no assurance that our preshipment testing programs will be adequate to detect all defects, either ones in individual products or ones that could affect numerous shipments, which might interfere with customer satisfaction,
reduce sales opportunities, or affect gross margins. In the past, we have had to replace certain components and provide remediation in response to the discovery of defects or bugs in products that we had

26 

Table of Contents

shipped. Although the cost of such remediation has not been material in the past, there can be no assurance that such a remediation, depending on the product involved, would not have a material
impact. An inability to cure a product defect could result in the failure of a product line, temporary or permanent withdrawal from a product or market, damage to our reputation, inventory costs, or product reengineering expenses, any of which could
have a material impact on our revenue, margins, and net income. 

DUE TO THE GLOBAL NATURE OF OUR OPERATIONS, POLITICAL OR ECONOMIC CHANGES
OR OTHER FACTORS IN A SPECIFIC COUNTRY OR REGION COULD HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 

We conduct significant sales
and customer support operations in countries outside of the United States and also depend on non-U.S. operations of our contract manufacturers, component suppliers and distribution partners. Although sales in several of our emerging countries
decreased during the recent global economic downturn, several of our emerging countries generally have been relatively fast growing, and we have announced plans to expand our commitments and expectations in certain of those countries. As such, our
growth depends in part on our increasing sales into emerging countries. Our future results could be materially adversely affected by a variety of political, economic or other factors relating to our operations outside the United States, any or all
of which could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition, including, among others, the following: 

•

 The worldwide impact of the recent global economic downturn and related market uncertainty, including the recent European economic and financial
turmoil related to sovereign debt issues in certain countries 

•

 Foreign currency exchange rates 

•

 Political or social unrest 

•

 Economic instability or weakness or natural disasters in a specific country or region; environmental and trade protection measures and other legal and
regulatory requirements, some of which may affect our ability to import our products, to export our products from, or sell our products in various countries 

•

 Political considerations that affect service provider and government spending patterns 

•

 Health or similar issues, such as a pandemic or epidemic 

•

 Difficulties in staffing and managing international operations 

•

 Adverse tax consequences, including imposition of withholding or other taxes on payments by subsidiaries 

WE ARE EXPOSED TO THE CREDIT RISK OF SOME OF OUR CUSTOMERS AND TO CREDIT EXPOSURES IN WEAKENED MARKETS, WHICH COULD RESULT IN MATERIAL LOSSES

Most of our sales are on an open credit basis, with typical payment terms of 30 days in the United States and, because of local customs
or conditions, longer in some markets outside the United States. We monitor individual customer payment capability in granting such open credit arrangements, seek to limit such open credit to amounts we believe the customers can pay, and maintain
reserves we believe are adequate to cover exposure for doubtful accounts. Beyond our open credit arrangements, we have also experienced demands for customer financing and facilitation of leasing arrangements. We expect demand for customer financing
to continue, and recently we have been experiencing an increase in this demand as the credit markets have been impacted by the recent global economic downturn and related market uncertainty, including increased demand from customers in certain
emerging countries. We believe customer financing is a competitive factor in obtaining business, particularly in serving customers involved in significant infrastructure projects. Our loan financing arrangements may include not only financing the
acquisition of our products and services but also providing additional funds for other costs associated with network installation and integration of our products and services. 

27 

Table of Contents

Our exposure to the credit risks relating to our financing activities described above may increase if our
customers are adversely affected by a global economic downturn or periods of economic uncertainty. Although we have programs in place that are designed to monitor and mitigate the associated risk, including monitoring of particular risks in certain
geographic areas, there can be no assurance that such programs will be effective in reducing our credit risks. 

In the past, there have been
significant bankruptcies among customers both on open credit and with loan or lease financing arrangements, particularly among Internet businesses and service providers, causing us to incur economic or financial losses. There can be no assurance
that additional losses will not be incurred. Although these losses have not been material to date, future losses, if incurred, could harm our business and have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. A portion of
our sales is derived through our distributors and retail partners. These distributors and retail partners are generally given business terms that allow them to return a portion of inventory, receive credits for changes in selling prices, and
participate in various cooperative marketing programs. We maintain estimated accruals and allowances for such business terms. However, distributors tend to have more limited financial resources than other resellers and end-user customers and
therefore represent potential sources of increased credit risk, because they may be more likely to lack the reserve resources to meet payment obligations. Additionally, to the degree that turmoil in the credit markets makes it more difficult for
some customers to obtain financing, those customers’ ability to pay could be adversely impacted, which in turn could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

WE ARE EXPOSED TO FLUCTUATIONS IN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATES THAT COULD NEGATIVELY IMPACT OUR FINANCIAL RESULTS AND CASH FLOWS 

Because a significant portion of our business is conducted outside the United States, we face exposure to adverse movements in foreign currency exchange
rates. These exposures may change over time as business practices evolve, and they could have a material adverse impact on our financial results and cash flows. Historically, our primary exposures have related to nondollar-denominated sales in
Japan, Canada, and Australia and certain nondollar-denominated operating expenses and service cost of sales in Europe, Latin America, and Asia, where we sell primarily in U.S. dollars. Additionally, we have exposures to emerging market currencies,
which can have extreme currency volatility. An increase in the value of the dollar could increase the real cost to our customers of our products in those markets outside the United States where we sell in dollars, and a weakened dollar could
increase the cost of local operating expenses and procurement of raw materials to the extent that we must purchase components in foreign currencies. 

Currently, we enter into foreign exchange forward contracts and options to reduce the short-term impact of foreign currency fluctuations on certain foreign currency receivables, investments, and payables.
In addition, we periodically hedge anticipated foreign currency cash flows. Our attempts to hedge against these risks may not be successful, resulting in an adverse impact on our net income. 

OUR PROPRIETARY RIGHTS MAY PROVE DIFFICULT TO ENFORCE 

We generally rely on patents,
copyrights, trademarks, and trade secret laws to establish and maintain proprietary rights in our technology and products. Although we have been issued numerous patents and other patent applications are currently pending, there can be no assurance
that any of these patents or other proprietary rights will not be challenged, invalidated, or circumvented or that our rights will, in fact, provide competitive advantages to us. Furthermore, many key aspects of networking technology are governed by
industrywide standards, which are usable by all market entrants. In addition, there can be no assurance that patents will be issued from pending applications or that claims allowed on any patents will be sufficiently broad to protect our technology.
In addition, the laws of some foreign countries may not protect our proprietary rights to the same extent as do the laws of the United States. The outcome of any actions taken in these foreign countries may be different than if such actions were
determined under the laws of the United States. Although we are not 

28 

Table of Contents

dependent on any individual patents or group of patents for particular segments of the business for which we compete, if we are unable to protect our proprietary rights to the totality of the
features (including aspects of products protected other than by patent rights) in a market, we may find ourselves at a competitive disadvantage to others who need not incur the substantial expense, time, and effort required to create innovative
products that have enabled us to be successful. 

WE MAY BE FOUND TO INFRINGE ON INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF OTHERS 

Third parties, including customers, have in the past and may in the future assert claims or initiate litigation related to exclusive patent, copyright,
trademark, and other intellectual property rights to technologies and related standards that are relevant to us. These assertions have increased over time as a result of our growth and the general increase in the pace of patent claims assertions,
particularly in the United States. Because of the existence of a large number of patents in the networking field, the secrecy of some pending patents, and the rapid rate of issuance of new patents, it is not economically practical or even possible
to determine in advance whether a product or any of its components infringes or will infringe on the patent rights of others. The asserted claims and/or initiated litigation can include claims against us or our manufacturers, suppliers, or
customers, alleging infringement of their proprietary rights with respect to our existing or future products or components of those products. Regardless of the merit of these claims, they can be time-consuming, result in costly litigation and
diversion of technical and management personnel, or require us to develop a non-infringing technology or enter into license agreements. Where claims are made by customers, resistance even to unmeritorious claims could damage customer relationships.
There can be no assurance that licenses will be available on acceptable terms and conditions, if at all, or that our indemnification by our suppliers will be adequate to cover our costs if a claim were brought directly against us or our customers.
Furthermore, because of the potential for high court awards that are not necessarily predictable, it is not unusual to find even arguably unmeritorious claims settled for significant amounts. If any infringement or other intellectual property claim
made against us by any third party is successful, if we are required to indemnify a customer with respect to a claim against the customer, or if we fail to develop non-infringing technology or license the proprietary rights on commercially
reasonable terms and conditions, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be materially and adversely affected. 

Our
exposure to risks associated with the use of intellectual property may be increased as a result of acquisitions, as we have a lower level of visibility into the development process with respect to such technology or the care taken to safeguard
against infringement risks. Further, in the past, third parties have made infringement and similar claims after we have acquired technology that had not been asserted prior to our acquisition. 

WE RELY ON THE AVAILABILITY OF THIRD-PARTY LICENSES 

Many of our products are designed to include software or other intellectual property licensed from third parties. It may be necessary in the future to seek or renew licenses relating to various aspects of
these products. There can be no assurance that the necessary licenses would be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The inability to obtain certain licenses or other rights or to obtain such licenses or rights on favorable terms, or the need to
engage in litigation regarding these matters, could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Moreover, the inclusion in our products of software or other intellectual property licensed from third
parties on a nonexclusive basis could limit our ability to protect our proprietary rights in our products. 

OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND
FUTURE PROSPECTS COULD BE MATERIALLY HARMED BY UNCERTAINTIES OF REGULATION OF THE INTERNET 

Currently, few laws or regulations apply
directly to access or commerce on the Internet. We could be materially adversely affected by regulation of the Internet and Internet commerce in any country where we operate. Such regulations could include matters such as voice over the Internet or
using IP, encryption technology, sales taxes on Internet product sales, and access charges for Internet service providers. The adoption of regulation of the 

29 

Table of Contents

Internet and Internet commerce could decrease demand for our products and, at the same time, increase the cost of selling our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business,
operating results, and financial condition. 

CHANGES IN TELECOMMUNICATIONS REGULATION AND TARIFFS COULD HARM OUR PROSPECTS AND FUTURE SALES

Changes in telecommunications requirements, or regulatory requirements in other industries in which we operate, in the United States or
other countries could affect the sales of our products. In particular, we believe that there may be future changes in U.S. telecommunications regulations that could slow the expansion of the service providers’ network infrastructures and
materially adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

Future changes in tariffs by regulatory agencies or
application of tariff requirements to currently untariffed services could affect the sales of our products for certain classes of customers. Additionally, in the United States, our products must comply with various requirements and regulations of
the Federal Communications Commission and other regulatory authorities. In countries outside of the United States, our products must meet various requirements of local telecommunications and other industry authorities. Changes in tariffs or failure
by us to obtain timely approval of products could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

FAILURE TO RETAIN AND RECRUIT KEY PERSONNEL WOULD HARM OUR ABILITY TO MEET KEY OBJECTIVES 

Our success has always depended in large part on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled technical, managerial, sales, and marketing personnel.
Competition for these personnel is intense, especially in the Silicon Valley area of Northern California. Stock incentive plans are designed to reward employees for their long-term contributions and provide incentives for them to remain with us.
Volatility or lack of positive performance in our stock price or equity incentive awards, or changes to our overall compensation program, including our stock incentive program, resulting from the management of share dilution and share-based
compensation expense or otherwise, may also adversely affect our ability to retain key employees. As a result of one or more of these factors, we may increase our hiring in geographic areas outside the United States, which could subject us to
additional geopolitical and exchange rate risk. The loss of services of any of our key personnel; the inability to retain and attract qualified personnel in the future; or delays in hiring required personnel, particularly engineering and sales
personnel, could make it difficult to meet key objectives, such as timely and effective product introductions. In addition, companies in our industry whose employees accept positions with competitors frequently claim that competitors have engaged in
improper hiring practices. We have received these claims in the past and may receive additional claims to this effect in the future. 

ADVERSE RESOLUTION OF LITIGATION OR GOVERNMENTAL INVESTIGATIONS MAY HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS OR FINANCIAL CONDITION 

We are a party to lawsuits in the normal course of our business. Litigation can be expensive, lengthy, and disruptive to normal business operations.
Moreover, the results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict. For example, Brazilian authorities have investigated our Brazilian subsidiary and certain of our current and former employees, as well as a Brazilian importer of our
products, and its affiliates and employees, relating to alleged evasion of import taxes and alleged improper transactions involving the subsidiary and the importer. Brazilian tax authorities have assessed claims against our Brazilian subsidiary
based on a theory of joint liability with the Brazilian importer for import taxes and related penalties. The asserted claims by Brazilian federal tax authorities are for calendar years 2003 through 2007 and the related asserted claims by the tax
authorities from the state of Sao Paulo, are for calendar years 2005 through 2007. The total asserted claims by Brazilian state and federal tax authorities aggregated to approximately $522 million for the alleged evasion of import taxes,

30 

Table of Contents

approximately $860 million for interest, and approximately $2.4 billion for various penalties, all determined using an exchange rate as of July 30, 2011. We have completed a thorough review
of the matter and believe the asserted tax claims against us are without merit, and we intend to defend the claims vigorously. While we believe there is no legal basis for our alleged liability, due to the complexities and uncertainty surrounding
the judicial process in Brazil and the nature of the claims asserting joint liability with the importer, we are unable to determine the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome against us and are unable to reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any. An
unfavorable resolution of lawsuits or governmental investigations could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. For additional information regarding certain of the matters in which we are involved,
see Item 3, “Legal Proceedings,” contained in Part I of this report. 

CHANGES IN OUR PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES OR ADVERSE
OUTCOMES RESULTING FROM EXAMINATION OF OUR INCOME TAX RETURNS COULD ADVERSELY AFFECT OUR RESULTS 

Our provision for income taxes is
subject to volatility and could be adversely affected by earnings being lower than anticipated in countries that have lower tax rates and higher than anticipated in countries that have higher tax rates; by changes in the valuation of our deferred
tax assets and liabilities; by expiration of or lapses in the R&D tax credit laws; by transfer pricing adjustments, including the effect of acquisitions on our intercompany R&D cost sharing arrangement and legal structure; by tax effects of
nondeductible compensation; by tax costs related to intercompany realignments; by changes in accounting principles; or by changes in tax laws and regulations, including possible U.S. changes to the taxation of earnings of our foreign subsidiaries,
the deductibility of expenses attributable to foreign income, or the foreign tax credit rules. Significant judgment is required to determine the recognition and measurement attribute prescribed in the accounting guidance for uncertainty in income
taxes. The accounting guidance for uncertainty in income taxes applies to all income tax positions, including the potential recovery of previously paid taxes, which if settled unfavorably could adversely impact our provision for income taxes or
additional paid-in capital. Further, as a result of certain of our ongoing employment and capital investment actions and commitments, our income in certain countries is subject to reduced tax rates and in some cases is wholly exempt from tax. Our
failure to meet these commitments could adversely impact our provision for income taxes. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly
assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these continuous examinations will not have an adverse effect
on our operating results and financial condition. 

OUR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONS ARE ESPECIALLY SUBJECT TO THE RISKS OF EARTHQUAKES, FLOODS,
AND OTHER NATURAL CATASTROPHIC EVENTS 

Our corporate headquarters, including certain of our research and development operations are
located in the Silicon Valley area of Northern California, a region known for seismic activity. Additionally, a certain number of our facilities are located near rivers that have experienced flooding in the past. Also certain of our suppliers and
logistics centers are located in regions that have or may be affected by recent earthquake and tsunami activity which has and could continue to disrupt the flow of components and delivery of products. A significant natural disaster, such as an
earthquake, a hurricane, volcano, or a flood, could have a material adverse impact on our business, operating results, and financial condition. 

MAN-MADE PROBLEMS SUCH AS COMPUTER VIRUSES OR TERRORISM MAY DISRUPT OUR OPERATIONS AND HARM OUR OPERATING RESULTS 

Despite our implementation of network security measures our servers are vulnerable to computer viruses, break-ins, and similar disruptions from
unauthorized tampering with our computer systems. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition. Efforts to limit the ability of malicious third parties to disrupt the operations of
the Internet or undermine our own security efforts may meet 

31 

Table of Contents

with resistance. In addition, the continued threat of terrorism and heightened security and military action in response to this threat, or any future acts of terrorism, may cause further
disruptions to the economies of the United States and other countries and create further uncertainties or otherwise materially harm our business, operating results, and financial condition. Likewise, events such as widespread blackouts could have
similar negative impacts. To the extent that such disruptions or uncertainties result in delays or cancellations of customer orders or the manufacture or shipment of our products, our business, operating results, and financial condition could be
materially and adversely affected. 

WE ARE EXPOSED TO FLUCTUATIONS IN THE MARKET VALUES OF OUR PORTFOLIO INVESTMENTS AND IN INTEREST RATES;
IMPAIRMENT OF OUR INVESTMENTS COULD HARM OUR EARNINGS 

We maintain an investment portfolio of various holdings, types, and maturities.
These securities are generally classified as available-for-sale and, consequently, are recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets at fair value with unrealized gains or losses reported as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income, net
of tax. Our portfolio includes fixed income securities and equity investments in publicly traded companies, the values of which are subject to market price volatility to the extent unhedged. If such investments suffer market price declines, as we
experienced with some of our investments during fiscal 2009, we may recognize in earnings the decline in the fair value of our investments below their cost basis when the decline is judged to be other than temporary. For information regarding the
sensitivity of and risks associated with the market value of portfolio investments and interest rates, refer to the section titled “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.” Our investments in private companies are
subject to risk of loss of investment capital. These investments are inherently risky because the markets for the technologies or products they have under development are typically in the early stages and may never materialize. We could lose our
entire investment in these companies. 

IF WE DO NOT SUCCESSFULLY MANAGE OUR STRATEGIC ALLIANCES, WE MAY NOT REALIZE THE EXPECTED BENEFITS
FROM SUCH ALLIANCES AND WE MAY EXPERIENCE INCREASED COMPETITION OR DELAYS IN PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT 

We have several strategic alliances with
large and complex organizations and other companies with which we work to offer complementary products and services and have established a joint venture to market services associated with our Cisco Unified Computing System products. These
arrangements are generally limited to specific projects, the goal of which is generally to facilitate product compatibility and adoption of industry standards. There can be no assurance we will realize the expected benefits from these strategic
alliances or from the joint venture. If successful, these relationships may be mutually beneficial and result in industry growth. However, alliances carry an element of risk because, in most cases, we must compete in some business areas with a
company with which we have a strategic alliance and, at the same time, cooperate with that company in other business areas. Also, if these companies fail to perform or if these relationships fail to materialize as expected, we could suffer delays in
product development or other operational difficulties. Joint ventures can be difficult to manage, given the potentially different interests of joint venture partners. 

OUR STOCK PRICE MAY BE VOLATILE 

Historically, our common stock has experienced
substantial price volatility, particularly as a result of variations between our actual financial results and the published expectations of analysts and as a result of announcements by our competitors and us. Furthermore, speculation in the press or
investment community about our strategic position, financial condition, results of operations, business, security of our products, or significant transactions can cause changes in our stock price. In addition, the stock market has experienced
extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies, in particular, and that have often been unrelated to the operating performance of these companies. These factors, as well as general economic and
political conditions and the announcement of proposed and completed acquisitions or other significant transactions, or any difficulties associated with such transactions, by us or our current or potential competitors,

32 

Table of Contents

may materially adversely affect the market price of our common stock in the future. Additionally, volatility, lack of positive performance in our stock price or changes to our overall
compensation program, including our stock incentive program, may adversely affect our ability to retain key employees, virtually all of whom are compensated, in part, based on the performance of our stock price. 

THERE CAN BE NO ASSURANCE THAT OUR OPERATING RESULTS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION WILL NOT BE ADVERSELY AFFECTED BY OUR INCURRENCE OF DEBT 

We have senior unsecured notes outstanding in an aggregate principal amount of $16.0 billion that mature at specific dates in 2014, 2016, 2017, 2019,
2020, 2039 and 2040. We have also established a commercial paper program under which we may issue short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes on a private placement basis up to a maximum aggregate amount outstanding at any time of $3 billion, and
had commercial paper notes outstanding in an aggregate principal amount of $500 million as of July 30, 2011. The outstanding senior unsecured notes bear fixed-rate interest payable semiannually, except $1.25 billion of the notes which bears
interest at a floating rate payable quarterly. The fair value of the long-term debt is subject to market interest rate volatility. The instruments governing the senior unsecured notes contain certain covenants applicable to us and our subsidiaries
that may adversely affect our ability to incur certain liens or engage in certain types of sale and leaseback transactions. In addition, we will be required to have available in the United States sufficient cash to repay all of our notes on
maturity. There can be no assurance that our incurrence of this debt or any future debt will be a better means of providing liquidity to us than would our use of our existing cash resources, including cash currently held offshore. Further, we cannot
be assured that our maintenance of this indebtedness or incurrence of future indebtedness will not adversely affect our operating results or financial condition. In addition, changes by any rating agency to our credit rating can negatively impact
the value and liquidity of both our debt and equity securities, as well as the terms upon which we may borrow under our commercial paper program.