The
following risk factors could have a materially adverse effect on the Company’s
results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and could cause those
results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the Company’s
forward-looking statements.  Although the risks described below are
those that management believes are the most significant, these are not the only
risks facing the Company.  Additional risks and uncertainties not
currently known to the Company or that the Company currently does not deem to be
material also may materially impact the Company’s financial position, results of
operations and liquidity.

New
legislation or regulatory changes could impact the Company’s earnings or
regulate its ability to independently negotiate prices.

The
Company is subject to the jurisdiction of various regulatory agencies, including
the STB, the FRA and other state and federal regulatory agencies for a variety
of economic, health, safety, labor, environmental, tax, legal and other
matters.  Legislation passed by Congress or regulations issued by
these agencies can significantly affect the revenues, costs and profitability of
the Company’s business.  For example, regulations imposing price
constraints or affecting rail-to-rail competition could adversely affect the
Company’s profitability.  Also, additional regulations related to
environmental matters such as greenhouse gas emissions or legislative changes
impacting hours of service requirements could adversely affect the Company’s
financial position, results of operations and liquidity.

CSXT,
as a common carrier by rail, is required by law to transport hazardous
materials, which could expose the Company to significant costs and
claims.

Under federal regulations, CSXT is
required to transport hazardous materials under its common carrier
obligation.  A train accident involving the transport of hazardous
materials could result in significant claims arising from personal injury,
property damage, and environmental penalties and remediation.  CSXT is
also required to comply with regulations regarding the handling of hazardous
materials.  Failure to comply with these regulations can subject the
Company to significant penalties and could be a factor in litigation arising out
of a train accident.  Finally, legislation preventing the transport of
hazardous materials through certain cities could result in network congestion
and increase the length of haul for hazardous substances.

The
Company is subject to environmental laws and regulations that may result in
significant costs.

The Company’s operations are subject to
wide-ranging federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations
concerning, among other things, emissions into the air, discharges into water,
the handling, storage, transportation and disposal of waste and other materials
and clean-up of hazardous material or petroleum releases.  In certain
circumstances, environmental liability can extend to formerly owned or operated