Enterprise Risk Management

In the provision of transportation services, the Company must
identify, manage and mitigate the inherent business risks that
are an integral component of the Company’s business
activities. Financial risk, legal, regulatory, and compliance
issues, operational risk, and workforce planning are primary
risks to the Company’s business. In 2005, the Company began
implementation of a formal Enterprise Risk Management
(“ERM”) program in order to identify, quantify,
monitor, and potentially mitigate these risks. ERM is a
systematic and ongoing process used to help recognize and manage
the critical risks that could impact the Company. ERM assists
management’s allocation of financial resources and
mitigation efforts and enhances risk oversight by the Board of
Directors with oversight by the Board or Board Committees,
management is responsible for the development and implementation
of risk mitigation policies and directing
day-to-day risk
management.

The following important risk factors could have a material
adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity, and could cause those results
to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the
Company’s forward-looking statements.

Competition

The Company experiences competition in the form of pricing,
service, reliability and other factors from other transportation
providers including railroads and motor carriers that operate
similar routes across its service area, and to a less
significant extent, barges, ships and pipelines. Transportation
providers such as motor carriers and barges utilize public
rights-of-way that are
built and maintained by governmental entities while CSXT and
other railroads must build and maintain rail networks using
largely internal resources. The Company could be negatively
impacted if the scope and quality of these alternative methods
of transportation materially increase, or if legislation is
passed providing materially greater opportunities for motor
carriers with respect to size or weight restrictions.

Operations and Workforce Planning

In an environment of continued high demand for rail services,
CSXT has experienced some network difficulties, including
congestion and reduced velocity on its rail system. In addition,
changes in demographics, training requirements and the
availability of qualified personnel, could each have a negative
impact on CSXT’s ability to meet demand for rail service.
To meet these challenges, CSXT started implementation of the new
network operating plan referred to as the ONE Plan, acquired
additional locomotives, started implementing a new locomotive
plan, and is hiring and training significant numbers of
employees to keep pace with high attrition rates. In 2005, the
Company also commenced a two-year program to expand capacity in
key corridors. Though these steps have been taken, CSXT cannot
be sure that these measures will fully or adequately address the
operational issues. The Company also cannot be sure that it will
not experience other difficulties related to network capacity,
dramatic and unplanned increases in demand for rail service in
one or more of our commodity groups, or other events that could
have a negative impact on our operational efficiency, any one of
which could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations, financial condition, and liquidity.

Employees and Labor Union Relationships

CSXT considers relations with its unions and union employees
generally to be good. Most of CSXT’s employees are
represented by labor unions and are covered by collective
bargaining agreements. The bargaining agreements contain a
moratorium clause that precludes serving new bargaining demands
until a certain date. Generally speaking, these agreements are
bargained nationally by the National Railway Labor Conference,
so all bargaining on agreement changes

20

Table of Contents

begins at the same time. The round of bargaining that started in
2000 was recently concluded when agreements were reached with
all of the unions.

Most of the moratoriums negotiated in the 2000 round have
expired and in November 2004 the parties were free under the
collective bargaining agreements to serve new bargaining demands
and start a new round of national bargaining. The current status
of 2004 negotiations is that CSXT and the other railroads
participating in national bargaining are in mediation with eight
unions, are bargaining with four other unions and have not
started bargaining with one union. The railroads had asked the
National Mediation Board for a release from mediation with
respect to seven of the eight unions in mediation, but now have
informed the National Mediation Board that they are voluntarily
withdrawing that request pending a decision in the lawsuit
brought by the United Transportation Union which challenges
certain aspects of the railroads’ bargaining demands. The
outcome of the 2004 round of negotiations is uncertain at this
time.

In the rail industry, negotiations have generally taken place
over a number of years and previously have not resulted in any
extended work stoppages. The agreements reached in the 2000
round of bargaining will continue to remain in effect until new
agreements are reached. The parties are not permitted to either
strike or lockout until the Railway Labor Act’s lengthy
procedures (which include mediation, cooling-off periods, and
the possibility of Presidential intervention) are exhausted.

Environmental Laws and Regulation

The Company’s operations are subject to wide-ranging
federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations
concerning, among other things, emissions to the air, discharges
to water, the handling, storage, transportation and disposal of
waste and other materials, and cleanup of hazardous material or
petroleum releases. The Company generates and transports
hazardous and non-hazardous waste and materials in its current
operations, and it has done so in its former operations. In
certain circumstances, environmental liability can extend to
formerly owned or operated properties, leased properties and