The
following risk factors could have a materially adverse effect on the Company’s
financial condition, results of operations or liquidity, and could cause those
results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the Company’s
forward-looking statements.  Although the risks described below are
those that management believes are the most significant, these are not the only
risks facing the Company.  Additional risks and uncertainties not
currently known to the Company or that the Company currently does not deem to be
material also may materially impact the Company’s financial condition, results
of operations or liquidity.

New
legislation or regulatory changes could impact the Company’s earnings or
restrict its ability to independently negotiate prices.

Political
changes could result in legislative or regulatory changes that impose new
burdens on the Company, increase operating costs, reduce operating efficiency or
limit revenues.  Legislation passed by Congress or new regulations
issued by federal agencies can significantly affect the revenues, costs and
profitability of the Company’s business.  The railroad industry is
vulnerable to economic re-regulation by Congress, which could have a significant
negative impact on the Company’s ability to determine prices for rail services
and would likely force a reduction in capital spending.  For example,
statutes imposing price or labor constraints or affecting rail-to-rail
competition could adversely affect the Company’s profitability.  Also,
additional regulations related to environmental matters such as greenhouse gas
emissions could increase the Company’s operating costs or reduce operating
efficiencies or impact the business of CSX customers.

Government
regulation and compliance risks may affect the Company’s operations and
financial results.

The
Company is subject to the jurisdiction of various regulatory agencies, including
the STB, the FRA and other state and federal regulatory agencies for a variety
of economic, health, safety, labor, environmental, tax, legal and other
matters.  The FRA regulates several of the Company’s core operations
including track and mechanical equipment standards, signaling systems,
inspection of grade crossing warning devices, locomotive engineer certifications
and employee injury reporting, among other areas.

In
addition, the DOT and DHS have crafted rules requiring new safety measures and
security protocols.  These regulations will increase operational costs
and affect freight transportation routes.  Legislation recently
enacted by Congress will also increase compliance risks.  The Rail
Safety Improvement Act of 2008 imposes limits on employee work hours and may
result in higher operating costs for the Company.

Noncompliance
with applicable laws or regulations could erode public confidence in the Company
and can subject the Company to fines, penalties and other legal or regulatory
sanctions.  In addition, a change in these regulations could increase
operating costs and reduce operating efficiency.

 8

 Table of Contents

 CSX
CORPORATION

PART
I

General
economic conditions could negatively impact demand for commodities and other
freight.

The
current economic environment has impacted demand for rail and intermodal
services.  Further decline in general domestic and global economic
conditions that affect demand for the commodities that the Company carries or
that lead to bankruptcies or liquidations of one or more large customers of the
Company could reduce the Company’s revenues, increase its bad debt expense,
reduce its ability to make capital expenditures or have other adverse
effects.  Because certain of the Company’s customers are in the
automotive, housing and other industries, continued weakness or further
downturns in these sectors could adversely affect the Company’s operating
results.

Weaknesses
in the capital and credit markets could negatively impact the Company’s access
to capital.

The
Company is in a capital intensive industry that requires continuing
infrastructure improvements and acquisition of capital assets.  The
Company from time to time accesses the credit markets for additional
liquidity.  Credit markets have recently experienced adverse
conditions, increasing the costs associated with issuing debt.  These
conditions may further increase the Company’s funding costs, limit the Company’s
ability to sell debt securities on acceptable terms and impede the Company’s
attempts to revise its current debt arrangements as contemplated.

CSXT,
as a common carrier by rail, is required by law to transport hazardous
materials, which could expose the Company to significant costs and
claims.

Under federal regulations, CSXT is
required to transport hazardous materials under its common carrier
obligation.  A train accident involving the transport of hazardous
materials could result in significant claims arising from personal injury,
property damage, and environmental penalties and remediation.  Such
claims could exceed existing insurance coverage or insurance may not continue to
be available at commercially reasonable rates.  CSXT is also required
to comply with regulations regarding the handling of hazardous
materials.

In
November 2008, the TSA issued final rules placing significant new security and
safety requirements on passenger and freight railroad carriers, rail transit
systems, and facilities that ship hazardous materials by
rail.  Noncompliance with these rules can subject the Company to
significant penalties and could be a factor in litigation arising out of a train
accident.  Finally, legislation preventing the transport of hazardous
materials through certain cities could result in network congestion and increase
the length of haul for hazardous substances, which could result in increased
operating costs, reduced operating efficiency or increase the risk of an
accident involving the transport of hazardous materials.

 9

 Table of Contents

 CSX
CORPORATION

PART
I

Future
acts of terrorism, war or regulatory changes to combat the risk of terrorism may
cause significant disruptions in the Company’s operations.

Terrorist
attacks, along with any government response to those attacks, may adversely
affect the Company’s financial condition, results of operations or
liquidity.  CSXT’s rail lines or other key infrastructure may be
direct targets or indirect casualties of acts of terror or war.  This
risk could cause significant business interruption and result in increased costs
and liabilities and decreased revenues.  In addition, premiums charged
for some or all of the insurance coverage currently maintained by the Company
could increase dramatically or the coverage may no longer be
available.

Furthermore,
in response to the heightened risk of terrorism, federal, state and local
governmental bodies are proposing and, in some cases, have adopted various
legislation and regulations relating to security issues that impact the
transportation industry.  For example, the DHS adopted regulations
that require freight railroads to implement additional security protocols when
transporting hazardous materials.  Complying with these regulations
could continue to increase the Company’s operating costs and reduce operating
efficiencies.

The
Company is subject to environmental laws and regulations that may result in
significant costs.

The Company’s operations are subject to
wide-ranging federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations
concerning, among other things, emissions into the air,  discharges
into water, the handling, storage, transportation and disposal of waste and
other materials and clean-up of hazardous material or petroleum
releases.  In certain circumstances, environmental liability can
extend to formerly owned or operated properties, leased properties, adjacent