The following
 could have a materially adverse effect on the Company’s financial
condition, results of operations or liquidity, and could cause those results to
differ materially from those expressed or implied in the Company’s
forward-looking statements.  Additional risks and uncertainties not
currently known to the Company or that the Company currently does not deem to be
material also may materially impact the Company’s financial condition, results
of operations or liquidity.

New
legislation or regulatory changes could impact the Company’s earnings or
restrict its ability to independently negotiate prices.

    Legislation
passed by Congress or new regulations issued by federal agencies can
significantly affect the revenues, costs and profitability of the Company’s
business.  For instance, legislation proposed in the Senate in
December 2009, and reintroduced in January 2011 (see Regulatory Environment in
Part I for further details), if adopted, could significantly change the federal
regulatory framework of the railroad industry.  Several of the changes
under consideration could have a significant negative impact on the Company’s
ability to determine prices for rail services, meet service standards and could
force a reduction in capital spending.  Statutes imposing price
constraints or affecting rail-to-rail competition could adversely affect the
Company’s profitability.

 7

 Table of Contents

CSX
CORPORATION

PART
I

Government
regulation and compliance risks may adversely affect the Company’s operations
and financial results.

    The Company
is subject to the jurisdiction of various regulatory agencies, including the
STB, the FRA and other state and federal regulatory agencies for a variety of
economic, health, safety, labor, environmental, tax, legal and other
matters.  New rules or regulations by these agencies could increase
the Company’s operating costs or reduce operating efficiencies.  For
example, the RSIA mandated the installation by December 31, 2015 of Positive
Train Control (PTC) on main lines that carry certain hazardous materials and on
lines that have commuter or passenger operations.  The FRA issued its final
rule in January 2010 on the design, operational requirements and implementation
of the new technology.  The final rule is expected to impose significant
new costs on the Company and the rail industry.  Noncompliance with
these and other applicable laws or regulations could erode public confidence in
the Company and can subject the Company to fines, penalties and other legal or
regulatory sanctions.

Climate
change legislation and regulation could adversely affect the Company’s
operations and financial results.

    Climate
change legislation or regulation has been proposed and, in some cases adopted,
on the federal, state, provincial (Canada) and local levels.  These
final and proposed laws and regulations take the form of restrictions, caps,
taxes or other controls on greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions.  In
particular, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”) has issued various
regulations targeting GHG emissions, including rules and standards governing GHG
emissions from certain stationary sources and from vehicles.

    Any of these
pending or proposed laws or regulations could adversely affect CSX and its
customers’ business, operations and financial results by, among other
things: (1) increasing energy costs generally, making it difficult for the
Company’s customers in the U.S. and Canada to produce products in a cost
competitive manner (particularly in the absence of similar regulations in
countries like India and China); (2) increasing the Company’s fuel and other
operating costs and negatively affecting operating and fuel efficiencies; and
(3) reducing the consumption of coal as a viable energy resource in the United
States.  Any of these factors could reduce the amount of
traffic the Company handles and have a material adverse effect on the
Company's financial condition, results of operations or
liquidity.

Capacity
constraints could have a negative impact on service and operating
efficiency.

    CSXT may
experience rail network difficulties related to: (i) increased passenger
activities, including high-speed rail, in capacity-constrained areas, or (ii)
regulatory changes impacting when
 CSXT
can transport freight or service routes that could have a negative effect on
CSXT’s operational fluidity, leading to deterioration of service, asset
utilization and overall efficiency.

 8

 Table of Contents

CSX
CORPORATION

PART
I

General
economic conditions could negatively affect demand for commodities and other
freight.

    The economic
recession adversely affected demand for rail and intermodal services. 
Although traffic improved in 2010, a decline in general domestic and global
 economic
conditions that affect demand for the commodities the Company carries could
reduce revenues or have other adverse effects. 

CSXT,
as a common carrier by rail, is required by law to transport hazardous
materials, which could expose the Company to significant costs and
claims.

    Under federal
regulations, CSXT is required to transport hazardous materials under its common
carrier obligation.  A train accident involving the transport of
hazardous materials could result in significant claims arising from personal
injury, property or natural resource damage, and environmental penalties and
remediation obligations.  Such claims, if insured, could exceed
existing insurance coverage or insurance may not continue to be available at
commercially reasonable rates.  CSXT is also required to comply with
regulations regarding the handling of hazardous materials.

    In November
2008, the TSA issued final rules placing significant new security and safety
requirements on passenger and freight railroad carriers, rail transit systems,
and facilities that ship hazardous materials by rail.  Noncompliance
with these rules can subject the Company to significant penalties and could be a
factor in litigation arising out of a train accident.  Finally,
legislation preventing the transport of hazardous materials through certain
cities could result in network congestion and increase the length of haul for
hazardous substances, which could result in increased operating costs, reduced
operating efficiency or increase the risk of an accident involving the transport
of hazardous materials.

The
Company is subject to environmental laws and regulations that may result in
significant costs.

    The Company
is subject to wide-ranging federal, state, provincial (Canada) and local
environmental laws and regulations concerning, among other things, emissions
into the air,  ground and water, the handling, storage, use,
generation, transportation and disposal of waste and other materials, the
clean-up of hazardous material and petroleum releases, and the health and safety
of our employees.  If we violate or fail to comply with these laws and
regulations, we could be fined or otherwise sanctioned by
regulators.  We can also be held liable for consequences arising out
of human exposure to any hazardous substances for which we are
responsible.  In certain circumstances, environmental liability can
extend to formerly owned or operated properties, leased properties, adjacent