The following
important risk factors could have a materially adverse effect on the Company’s results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and could cause those results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the Company’s
forward-looking statements. Although the risks described below are those that management believes are the most significant, these are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we
currently do not deem to be material also may materially affect our business, financial condition or future results of operations. 

New
legislation or regulatory changes could increase the Company’s cost of operations. 

The Company is subject to various
regulatory jurisdictions, including the Surface Transportation Board (“STB”) of the United States Department of Transportation (“DOT”), the Federal Railroad Administration of the DOT and other state and federal regulatory
agencies for a variety of economic, health, safety, labor, environmental, tax, legal and other matters. Legislation passed by Congress or regulations issued by these agencies can significantly affect the revenues, costs and profitability of the
Company’s business. For example, additional regulations related to carbon dioxide could result in reduced coal production and higher expenses related to locomotive emissions, which would adversely affect the Company’s income from
operations. Moreover, the Company could be negatively affected by the cost to comply with applicable laws and regulations. 

In
response to the heightened risk of terrorism, federal, state and local governmental bodies are proposing and beginning to adopt various legislation and regulations relating to security issues that impact the transportation industry, such as the
Customs-Trade Partnership Against Terrorism. This voluntary initiative was designed to strengthen a portion of the supply chain for international shipments by requiring minimum security thresholds. Legislation, regulations, or rules enacted by
federal, state or local governmental bodies relating to security issues that affect rail and intermodal transportation could negatively impact the Company. 

CSXT, as a common carrier by rail, is required to transport hazardous materials, which could expose the Company to significant costs and claims. 

Under Federal regulations, CSXT is required to transport hazardous materials under its common carrier obligation. A rail accident involving the transport of hazardous materials could result in significant
claims arising from personal injury, property damage, and environmental penalties and remediation. 

General economic and geo-political risks
may affect the Company’s operations. 

Inflation or other changes in general economic conditions that affect demand for
rail or intermodal services could adversely affect our results of operations. Abrupt political change or terrorist activity pose a risk of general economic disruption and could require changes in our operations and security arrangements, thus
increasing our operating costs. These conditions may lend additional uncertainty to the timing and purchasing decisions by our customers. 

Furthermore, fuel prices and supply are influenced by international political and economic circumstances. Although a fuel surcharge recovery program is in place with a considerable number of customers, the Company could be negatively
impacted if a fuel supply shortage were to arise, whether due to OPEC or other production restrictions, lower refinery outputs, a disruption of oil imports or otherwise. 

6 

Table of Contents

CSX CORPORATION 

PART I 

The Company is subject to environmental laws and regulations that may result in significant costs.

The Company’s operations are subject to wide-ranging federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations
concerning, among other things, emissions into the air, discharges into water, the handling, storage, transportation and disposal of waste and other materials, and clean-up of hazardous material or petroleum releases. In certain circumstances,
environmental liability can extend to formerly owned or operated properties, leased properties, adjacent properties and properties owned by third parties or Company predecessors, as well as to properties currently owned and used by the Company.

The Company has been, and may be subject to, allegations or findings to the effect that it has violated, or is strictly liable
under, environmental laws or regulations, and such violations can result in the Company’s incurring fines, penalties or costs relating to the clean-up of environmental contamination. Although the Company believes it has appropriately recorded
current and long-term liabilities for known future environmental costs, it could incur significant costs as a result of any of the foregoing, and may be required to incur significant expenses to investigate and remediate known, unknown or future
environmental contamination. 

Future acts of terrorism or war may cause significant disruptions in the Company’s operations.

Terrorist attacks, such as those that occurred in the United States in September 2001, in Spain in March 2004, in England in
July 2005, and in India in July 2006, along with any government response to those attacks may adversely affect results of operations. CSXT’s rail lines or other key infrastructure may be direct targets or indirect casualties of acts of terror
or war. This could cause significant business interruption and result in increased costs and liabilities and decreased revenues. In addition, insurance premiums charged for some or all of the coverage currently maintained by the Company could
increase dramatically or the coverage may no longer be available. 

Increases in the number and magnitude of property damage and personal injury
claims could adversely affect the Company’s operating results. 

The Company faces inherent business risk from exposure to
property damage, occupational injury claims, and personal injury claims resulting from train accidents, worker injury claims under FELA, and claims from outside parties resulting from the Company’s operations. Although the Company is
working diligently to enhance its safety programs and to continue to raise the awareness levels of its employees concerning safety, the Company could experience material property damage or personal injury or occupational claims in the future and it
may incur significant costs to defend such claims. 

Existing claims may suffer adverse developments not currently reflected in
reserve estimates, as the ultimate outcome of existing claims is subject to numerous factors outside of the Company’s control. The Company establishes reserves to cover all claims. However, final amounts determined to be due on any outstanding
matters may differ materially from the recorded reserves. 

Network difficulties could have a negative impact on the Company’s rail and
intermodal operational efficiency. 

CSXT cannot be sure that it will not experience rail network difficulties related to
network capacity, dramatic and unplanned increases in demand for rail service, or increased passenger activities in capacity-constrained areas that could have a negative impact on the Company’s operational fluidity.

7 

Table of Contents

CSX CORPORATION 

PART I 

Also, the Company may face external factors such as severe weather conditions and other natural
occurrences, including floods, fires, hurricanes and earthquakes, which may disrupt the Company’s operations. For information about the effects of Hurricane Katrina on the Company’s results of operations, financial condition and liquidity,
see Note 5, Hurricane Katrina. 

The Company may be subject to various claims and lawsuits that could result in significant expenditures.

The Company is subject to various existing lawsuits and potential, future, unknown litigation. The Company may experience
material judgments or incur significant costs to defend any such lawsuits. Additionally, existing litigation may suffer adverse development not currently reflected in its reserve estimates as the ultimate outcome of existing litigation is subject to
numerous factors outside of the Company’s control. While the Company uses its best efforts to evaluate existing litigation, the final judgments may differ materially from the recorded reserves. 

The limited availability of qualified personnel could adversely affect the Company’s operations. 

Changes in demographics, training requirements and the availability of qualified personnel, could each have a negative impact on CSXT’s
ability to meet demand for rail service. In addition, approximately 27% of the Company’s workforce will be eligible for retirement within the next five years. Increases in demand for qualified personnel and unexpected increases in demand for
rail services may aggravate these risks. 

Failure to complete negotiations on collective bargaining agreements could result in strikes, work
stoppages. 

Most of CSXT’s employees are represented by labor unions and are covered by collective bargaining agreements.
Generally speaking, these agreements are bargained nationally by the National Carriers Committee. In the rail industry, negotiations have generally taken place over a number of years and previously have not resulted in any extended work stoppages.
Over the last 30 years, there were only six days of work stoppage related to labor disputes over national handling. A negotiating process for new collective bargaining agreements started with the issuance of bargaining notices in November 2004 and
the outcome of the current round of negotiations is uncertain at this time. The existing agreements will continue to remain in effect until new agreements are reached. Under the Railway Labor Act’s procedures (which include mediation,
cooling-off periods, and the possibility of Presidential intervention), neither party may exercise self-help until the procedures are exhausted.