The
statements in this section describe major risks that could materially and
adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations,
and the trading price of our debt or equity securities could decline.

In
addition, this section sets forth statements which constitute our cautionary
statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995.

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are subject
to numerous assumptions, risks or uncertainties.  The Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor from civil
litigation for forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements may
be identified by words such as “estimates,” “anticipates,” “predicts,”
“projects,” “plans,” “expects,” “intends,” “target,” “forecast,” “believes,”
“seeks,” “could,” “should,” “may” and “will” or the negative versions thereof
and similar expressions and by the context in which they are used.  Such
statements are based upon current expectations of Cintas and speak only as of
the date made.  We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will
be realized.  These statements are subject to various risks,
uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ from
those set forth in or implied by this Annual Report.  Factors that might
cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, the possibility of
greater than anticipated operating costs including energy costs, lower sales
volumes, loss of customers due to outsourcing trends, the performance and costs
of integration of acquisitions, fluctuations in costs of materials and labor
including increased medical costs, costs and possible effects of union
organizing activities, failure to comply with government regulations concerning
employment discrimination, employee pay and benefits and employee health and
safety, uncertainties regarding any existing or newly-discovered expenses and
liabilities related to environmental compliance and remediation, the cost,
results and ongoing assessment of internal controls for financial reporting
required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the initiation or outcome of
litigation, higher assumed sourcing or distribution costs of products, the
disruption of operations from catastrophic events, changes in federal and state
tax and labor laws and the reactions of competitors in terms of price and
service.  Cintas undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements whether as a result of new information or to reflect events or
circumstances arising after the date on which they are made.

General
economic factors may adversely affect our financial performance.

General
economic conditions, in North America and globally, may adversely affect our
financial performance.  Higher levels of unemployment, inflation, tax
rates and other changes in tax laws and other economic factors could adversely
affect the demand for Cintas’ products and services.  Increases in
labor costs, including healthcare and insurance costs, labor shortages or
shortages of skilled labor, higher material costs for items such as fabrics and
textiles, lower recycled paper prices, higher interest rates, inflation, higher
tax rates and other changes in tax laws and other economic factors could
increase our costs of rental uniforms and ancillary products and other services
and selling and administrative expenses.  As a result, these factors
could adversely affect our sales and results of operation.

Increased
competition could adversely affect our financial performance.

We
operate in highly competitive industries and compete with national, regional and
local providers.  Product, design, price, quality, service and
convenience to the customer are the competitive elements in these
industries.  If existing or future competitors seek to gain or retain
market share by reducing prices, Cintas may be required to lower prices, which
would hurt our results of operations. Cintas’ competitors also generally compete
with Cintas for acquisition candidates, which can increase the price for
acquisitions and reduce the number of available acquisition
candidates.  In addition, our customers and prospects may decide to
perform certain services in-house instead of outsourcing these services to
Cintas.  These competitive pressures could adversely affect our sales
and results of operations.

Risks
associated with the suppliers from whom our products are sourced could adversely
affect our results of operations.

The
products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international
suppliers. Global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important
factor in our financial performance.  We require all of our suppliers
to comply with applicable laws, including labor and 

 6 

environmental
laws, and otherwise be certified as meeting our required supplier standards of
conduct. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards, and to
access products in a timely and efficient manner is a significant challenge,
especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the
United States. Political and economic stability in the countries in which
foreign suppliers are located, the financial stability of suppliers, suppliers’
failure to meet our supplier standards, labor problems experienced by our
suppliers, the availability of raw materials to suppliers, currency exchange
rates, transport availability and cost, inflation and other factors relating to
the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our
control. In addition, United States and foreign trade policies, tariffs and
other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain
countries, the limitation on the importation of certain types of goods or of
goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors
relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. These and other factors
affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our
results of operations.

Further
increases in fuel and energy costs could adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition.

The price
of fuel and energy needed to run our vehicles and equipment is unpredictable and
fluctuates based on events outside our control, including geopolitical
developments, supply and demand for oil and gas, actions by OPEC and other oil
and gas producers, war and unrest in oil producing countries, regional
production patterns, limits on refining capacities, natural disasters and
environmental concerns. Recent oil price increases have adversely affected our
operating expense.  Any further increase in fuel and energy costs
could adversely affect our results of operations and financial
condition.

An
inability to open new, cost effective operating facilities may adversely affect
our expansion efforts.

We plan
to expand our presence in existing markets and enter new markets.  The
opening of new operating facilities is necessary to gain the capacity required
for this expansion.  Our ability to open new operating facilities
depends on our ability to identify attractive locations, negotiate leases or
real estate purchase agreements on acceptable terms, identify and obtain
adequate utility and water sources and comply with environmental regulations,
zoning laws and other similar factors.  Any inability to effectively
identify and manage these items may adversely affect our expansion efforts, and,
consequently, adversely affect our financial performance.

Unionization
campaigns could adversely affect our results of operations.

Cintas
continues to be the target of a corporate unionization campaign by several
unions.  These unions are attempting to pressure Cintas into
surrendering our employees' rights to a government-supervised election by
unilaterally accepting union representation.  We continue to
vigorously oppose this campaign and defend our employees' rights to a
government-supervised election.  This campaign could be materially
disruptive to our business and could materially adversely affect our results of
operations.

Within
our Document Management business, we handle customers’ confidential
information.  Our failure to protect our customers’ confidential
information against security breaches could damage our reputation, harm our
business and adversely impact our results of operations.

Our Document
Management business includes both document shredding and document storage
services.  These services involve the handling of our customers’
confidential information and the subsequent shredding or storage of this
information.  Any compromise of security, accidental loss or theft of
customer data in our possession could damage our reputation and expose us to
risk of liability, which could harm our business and adversely impact our
results of operations.

Compliance
with environmental laws and regulations could result in significant costs that
adversely affect our results of operations.

Our
operating locations are subject to environmental laws and regulations relating
to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including
those governing discharges of pollutants to the air and water, the management
and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the clean-up of contaminated
sites. The operation of our businesses entails risks under environmental laws
and regulations. We could incur significant costs, including clean-up costs,
fines and sanctions and claims by third parties for property damage and personal
injury, as a result of violations of or liabilities under these laws and
regulations. We are currently involved in a limited number of remedial
investigations and actions at various locations.  While, based on
information currently known to us, we believe that we maintain adequate

 7 

reserves
with respect to these matters, our liability could exceed forecasted amounts,
and the imposition of additional clean-up obligations or the discovery of
additional contamination at these or other sites could result in significant
additional costs which could adversely affect our results of operation. In
addition, potentially significant expenditures could be required to comply with
environmental laws and regulations, including requirements that may be adopted
or imposed in the future.

Under
environmental laws, an owner or operator of real estate may be required to pay
the costs of removing or remediating hazardous materials located on or emanating
from property, whether or not the owner or operator knew of or was responsible
for the presence of such hazardous materials.  While Cintas regularly
engages in environmental due diligence in connection with acquisitions, we can
give no assurance that locations that have been acquired or leased have been
operated in compliance with environmental laws and regulations during prior
periods or that future uses or conditions will not make us liable under these
laws or expose us to third-party actions including tort suits.

We
are subject to legal proceedings that may adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations.

We are
party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings.  We discuss
these lawsuits and other litigation to which we are party in greater detail
below under the caption “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” and in Note 12 entitled
Litigation and Other Contingencies of “Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements.”  Certain of these lawsuits or potential future lawsuits,
if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in liability material to
our financial condition and results of operations.

Failure
to comply with the regulations of the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health
Administration and other state and local agencies that oversee safety compliance
could adversely affect our results of operations.

The
Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended, or “OSHA”, establishes
certain employer responsibilities, including maintenance of a workplace free of
recognized hazards likely to cause death or serious injury, compliance with
standards promulgated by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration and
various record keeping, disclosure and procedural requirements. Various OSHA
standards may apply to our operations. We have incurred, and will continue to
incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in the ordinary course
of our business in complying with OSHA and other state and local laws and
regulations.  The failure to comply with these regulations could
result in fines by government authorities, payment of damages to private
litigants and affect our ability to service our customers.

Risks
associated with our acquisition policy could adversely affect our results of
operations.

Historically,
a portion of our growth has come from acquisitions.  We continue to
evaluate opportunities for acquiring businesses that may supplement our internal
growth.  However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to
locate and purchase suitable acquisitions.  In addition, the success
of any acquisition depends in part on our ability to integrate the acquired
company.  The process of integrating acquired businesses may involve
unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our
management’s attention and our financial and other
resources.  Although we conduct due diligence investigations prior to
each acquisition, there can be no assurance that we will discover all material
liabilities of an acquired business for which we may be responsible as a
successor owner or operator.  The failure to successfully integrate
these acquired businesses or to discover such liabilities could adversely affect
our results of operations.

We
may experience difficulties in attracting and retaining competent personnel in
key positions.

We
believe that a key component of our success is our corporate culture which has
been imparted by management throughout our corporate
organization.  This factor, along with our entire operation, depends
on our ability to attract and retain key employees.  Competitive
pressures within and outside our industry may make it more difficult and
expensive for us to attract and retain key employees which could adversely
affect our business.

Unexpected
events could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our results of
operations.

Unexpected
events, including fires or explosions at facilities, natural disasters such as
hurricanes and tornados, war or terrorist activities, unplanned outages, supply
disruptions, failure of equipment or systems or changes in laws and/or
regulations impacting our business, could adversely affect our results of
operations.   These events could result in customer disruption,
physical damage to one or more key operating facilities, the temporary closure
of one or more key operating facilities or the temporary disruption of
information systems.

 8 

Failure
to achieve and maintain effective internal controls could adversely affect our
business and stock price.

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial
reports.  All internal control systems, no matter how well designed,
have inherent limitations.  Therefore, even those systems determined
to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the
consolidated financial statement preparation and presentation.  While
we continue to evaluate our internal controls, we cannot be certain that these
measures will ensure that we implement and maintain adequate controls over our
financial processes and reporting in the future.  If we fail to
maintain the adequacy of our internal controls or if we or our independent
registered public accounting firm were to discover material weaknesses in our
internal controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended, we
may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have
effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  Failure to
achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could cause us to
be unable to produce reliable financial reports or prevent
fraud.  This may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported
financial information, which could have a material adverse effect on our stock
price.