- Risks Relating to Business Strategy and Operations

."

Government Laws and Regulations

Cintas is subject to a wide array of laws, government regulations, including environmental regulations, and standards in each domestic and foreign jurisdiction in which it operates. In addition to Cintas’ U.S. operations, which generated over 90% of its consolidated revenue in all periods presented, Cintas also operates its business through wholly owned subsidiaries in foreign jurisdictions, primarily in Canada. Compliance with these laws, government regulations, including environmental regulations, and standards requires the dedication of time and effort of employee-partners as well as financial resources. 

Compliance with environmental regulations and prioritizing our environmental sustainability efforts are important to us as a good corporate citizen. Our journey started in 1929 during the Great Depression when Doc and Amelia Farmer collected shop towels that had been disposed by manufacturing facilities along the Ohio River. They washed, recycled and sold the clean towels back to companies. Today, the majority of our total Company revenue comes from our Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment. Most of these items are cleaned and processed in ways that extend their lifespan and, when not in use, are re-stocked for future customers to maximize their lifespan. Our laundering processes generate far less wastewater than home laundering. Water discharged into the environment is treated at our operating facilities and in accordance with local discharge standards and permits. Our lasting commitment to the environment and our communities is evident from our processes and innovation, which are designed to ensure that our operational facilities are operating efficiently. Cintas is subject to various environmental laws and regulations, as are other companies in the uniform rental industry. The primary federal statutes that apply to our activities in the U.S. are the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. We are also subject to the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, which imposes certain reporting requirements as to emissions of hazardous substances into the air, land and water. While environmental compliance is not a material component of our costs, Cintas makes capital expenditures and associated operating costs, primarily for water treatment and waste removal, on a regular basis in order to comply with environmental laws and regulations, to promote employee-partner safety and to carry out its environmental sustainability principles. Environmental spending related to water treatment and waste removal was approximately $29.0 million in fiscal 2025, approximately $27.0 million in fiscal 2024 and approximately $26.0 million in fiscal 2023. Capital expenditures to limit or monitor hazardous substances totaled approximately $4.8 million in fiscal 2025, approximately $1.7 million in fiscal 2024 and approximately $1.0 million in fiscal 2023. 

In addition, health and safety regulations have necessitated, and may continue to necessitate, increased operating costs or capital investments to promote a safe working environment. Cintas is also required to comply with increasingly complex and changing laws and regulations enacted to protect business and personal data in the U.S. and other jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, use, transmission and protection of personal information and other consumer, customer, vendor or employee data. With respect to the laws and regulations noted above, as well as other applicable laws and regulations, Cintas’ compliance programs may under certain circumstances involve material investments in the form of additional processes, training, personnel, information technology and capital. In fiscal 2025, compliance with the 

4

applicable laws, government regulations, including environmental regulations, and standards did not have a material effect on Cintas’ capital expenditures or consolidated results of operations. For a discussion of the risks associated with government regulations that may materially impact Cintas, please see “
Item 1A: Risk Factors—Legal and Regulatory Risks

.”

Communication

Cintas uses its corporate website, www.cintas.com, as a channel for routine distribution of important information, including news releases, analyst presentations and financial information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Cintas files with, or furnishes to, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, as well as proxy statements and annual reports to shareholders, and, from time to time, other documents. The reports and other documents filed with or furnished to the SEC are available to investors on or through our corporate website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with or furnish them to the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site located at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, such as Cintas, that file electronically with the SEC. Cintas' SEC filings can be found on the Investor Relations page of its website at www.cintas.com/investors/financial-reports and its Code of Conduct and Business Ethics can be found under the About - Who We Are page of its website at www.cintas.com/company. Cintas intends to post any amendments or waivers to its Code of Conduct and Business Ethics on its website within four business days after approval. These documents are available in print to any shareholder who requests a copy by writing or calling Cintas as set forth on the Investor Information page under the FAQs. The content on any website referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated herein by reference unless expressly noted.

Human Capital 

Cintas’ key human capital management objectives are to attract, retain and develop talent to deliver on the Company’s strategy. To support these objectives, Cintas’ human resources programs are designed to: keep people safe and healthy; enhance the Company’s culture through efforts aimed at making the workplace more inclusive; acquire and retain diverse talent; reward and support employee-partners through competitive pay and benefit programs; develop talent to prepare them for critical roles and leadership positions; and facilitate internal talent mobility to create a high-performing workforce. The principles and values our employee-partners share are the driving force behind all our accomplishments. At May 31, 2025, Cintas employed approximately 48,300 employee-partners in our global workforce, of which approximately 900 were represented by labor unions. 

Our primary areas of focus in managing our human capital include the following:

Corporate Culture

We believe that our culture at Cintas is just as essential as our products and services. Our culture impacts the quality of the employee-partners we hire, the way we communicate and interact with our customers and each other and our performance standards. Our culture is the cornerstone representing our values, our behaviors, our way of working and how we approach our business, which is strong relationships and a dedication to taking care of one another and our customers. We operate according to the Cintas Code of Conduct and Business Ethics, available on our website www.cintas.com, which mandates full compliance with applicable laws and regulations and helps to preserve the integrity of our Company.

Talent Development

Cintas is committed to actively recruiting, retaining, developing and advancing a diverse and talented workforce. We provide numerous training opportunities for our employee-partners, with a focus on continuous learning and development and methodologies to manage performance, provide feedback and develop talent. We offer a wide array of training solutions (classroom, hands-on and e-learning) for our employee-partners. Our talent development programs strive to provide employee-partners resources to achieve career goals and build management and leadership skills. We also have multiple Employee-Partner Business Resource Groups which help foster inclusion among all employee-partners to build awareness, recruit and retain a diverse workforce and support the overall success of Cintas. In addition, we offer mentoring programs, a management trainee program and executive leadership programs to support the professional growth of our employee-partners and ensure we have the right succession plans in place. 

5

Health and Safety 

We aspire to achieve zero workplace injuries and collisions and provide a safe, open, healthy and accountable work environment for our employee-partners. To align with internationally recognized standards, we have implemented an occupational health and safety management system in accordance with the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) that is modeled after the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) 45001 and OSHA Voluntary Protection Program (VPP). Employee-partners, contractors, vendors and visitors are all covered by the system, which focuses on worksite analysis, hazard prevention, training, management commitment and worker involvement. We are also committed to continuously improving performance through our employee-partner-driven Health and Safety Improvement Committees in every operation, while corporate health and safety employee-partners conduct annual reviews of our operations. Additionally, every year our employee-partners receive online, on-the-job and classroom training on over 50 health and safety topics, and all maintenance staff must complete our award-winning Maintenance Safety Certification process. Every Cintas driver completes monthly driver safety training courses and/or on-the-road skills evaluations. All production-related managers attend OSHA’s 10-hour safety training course, and each member of our Senior Management team takes the Management and Leadership Skills for Environmental Health and Safety Professionals Course, part of the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health safety and health curriculum. In addition, we provide several channels for all employee-partners to speak up, ask for guidance and report concerns related to ethics or safety violations, and we seek to address those concerns and take appropriate actions to uphold our Cintas values and health and safety culture. Through these efforts, Cintas has reduced our recordable injury rate by over 80% since 2008, has been awarded 140 OSHA VPP Star sites in the VPP, which is more than triple any other U.S. company, and has received numerous safety, health and ergonomics awards from national and international groups. 

Employee-Partner Wellness

We are committed to the physical and mental health and wellness of our employee-partners. We provide our employee-partners and their families with access to a variety of health and wellness programs, including our long-running Live Well program that supports employee-partners on their health and wellness journeys. We provide free annual biometric screening and health assessments at work or offsite, annual free flu shots, a tobacco cessation program, weight management programs and an employee-partner assistance program, which offers advice on mental health, legal and financial issues.

Compensation Programs and Employee Benefits

Our compensation and benefits programs provide a total rewards package designed to attract, retain and motivate our employee-partners. In addition to competitive base salaries, the total rewards package (which may vary by position and country) includes, among other items, commissions, bonuses, long-term incentives, retirement savings plans, medical insurance, prescription drug benefits, dental insurance, vision insurance, accident and critical illness insurance, life and disability insurance, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts and an employee-partner assistance program.

6

Item 1A.  Risk Factors

The statements in this section describe the most significant risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operation and the trading price of our debt or equity securities. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. Readers should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. 

In addition, this section sets forth statements which constitute our cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “estimates,” “anticipates,” “predicts,” “projects,” “plans,” “expects,” “intends,” “target,” “forecast,” “believes,” “seeks,” “could,” “should,” “may” and “will” or the negative versions thereof and similar words, terms and expressions and by the context in which they are used. Such statements are based upon current expectations of Cintas and speak only as of the date made. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized. These statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties, potentially inaccurate assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results to differ from those set forth in or implied by this Annual Report. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, the possibility of greater than anticipated operating costs including energy and fuel costs; lower sales volumes; loss of customers due to outsourcing trends; the performance and costs of integration of acquisitions; supply chain constraints and macroeconomic conditions, including inflationary pressures and higher interest rates; fluctuations in costs of materials and labor, including increased medical costs; costs and possible effects of union organizing activities; failure to comply with government regulations concerning employment discrimination, employee pay and benefits and employee health and safety; the effect on operations of exchange rate fluctuations, tariffs and other political, economic and regulatory risks; uncertainties regarding any existing or newly-discovered expenses and liabilities related to environmental compliance and remediation; our ability to meet our aspirations relating to sustainability opportunities, improvements and efficiencies; the cost, results and ongoing assessment of internal controls for financial reporting; the effect of new accounting pronouncements; risks associated with cybersecurity threats, including disruptions caused by the inaccessibility of computer systems data and cybersecurity risk management; the initiation or outcome of litigation, investigations or other proceedings; higher assumed sourcing or distribution costs of products; the disruption of operations from catastrophic or extraordinary events including global health pandemics; the amount and timing of repurchases of our common stock, if any; changes in global tax and labor laws; and the reactions of competitors in terms of price and service. Cintas undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to any forward-looking statements or to otherwise update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information or to reflect events, circumstances or any other unanticipated developments arising after the date on which such statements are made, except otherwise as required by law. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described in this section and elsewhere in this report and may also be described from time to time in our future reports filed with the SEC. The risks and uncertainties described herein are not the only ones we may face. Additional risks and uncertainties presently not known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also harm our business. Forward-looking and other statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K regarding our greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction plans and other sustainability aspirations are not an indication that these statements are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in our filings with the SEC. In addition, historical, current and forward-looking GHG-related and/or sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve and assumptions that are subject to change in the future.

7

Risks Relating to Business Strategy and Operations

Negative global economic factors may adversely affect our financial performance.

Negative economic conditions, in North America and our other markets, have in the past and could again in the future, adversely affect our financial performance. Higher levels of unemployment, inflation, recessionary conditions, geopolitical developments, changes in trade agreements, tax rates and other changes in tax laws and other economic factors could adversely affect the demand for Cintas’ products and services. Increases in labor costs, including the cost to provide employee-partner related healthcare benefits, minimum wages, labor shortages or shortages of skilled labor, regulations regarding the classification of employees and/or their eligibility for overtime wages, higher material costs for items such as fabrics and textiles, the inability to obtain insurance coverage at cost-effective rates, higher interest rates, inflation, new or expanded tariffs and other measures that could restrict international trade, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws and other economic factors could increase our costs of rental uniforms and facility services, cost of other services and selling and administrative expenses. As a result, these factors could adversely affect our revenue and consolidated results of operations.

Increased competition could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.

We operate in highly competitive industries and compete with national, regional and local providers. Product, design, price, quality, service and convenience to the customer are the competitive elements in these industries. If existing or future competitors seek to gain or retain market share by reducing prices, Cintas may be required to lower prices, which would adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. Cintas' competitors also generally compete with Cintas for acquisition candidates, which can increase the price for acquisitions and reduce the number of available acquisition candidates. In addition, our customers and prospects may decide to perform certain services in-house instead of outsourcing these services to us. These competitive pressures could adversely affect our revenue and consolidated results of operations.

An inability to open new, cost-effective operating facilities may adversely affect our expansion efforts.

We plan to expand our presence in existing markets and enter new markets. The opening of new operating facilities is necessary to gain the capacity required for this expansion. Our ability to open new operating facilities depends on our ability to identify attractive locations, negotiate leases or real estate purchase agreements on acceptable terms, identify and obtain adequate utility and water sources and comply with environmental regulations, zoning laws and other similar factors. Any inability to effectively identify and manage these items may adversely affect our expansion efforts, and consequently, adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 

Risks associated with our acquisition practice could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.

Historically, a portion of our growth has come from acquisitions. We continue to evaluate opportunities for acquiring businesses that may supplement our internal growth. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to identify and purchase suitable acquisitions. In addition, the success of any acquisition, including the ability to realize anticipated cost synergies, depends in part on our ability to integrate the acquired company. The process of integrating acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our management's attention and our financial and other resources. If management is not able to effectively manage the integration process, or if any significant business activities are interrupted as a result of the integration process, we may not be able to realize anticipated cost synergies resulting from acquisitions and our business could suffer. Although we conduct due diligence investigations prior to each acquisition, there can be no assurance that we will discover or adequately protect against all material liabilities of an acquired business for which we may be responsible as a successor owner or operator. The failure to identify suitable acquisitions and successfully integrate these acquired businesses, or to discover liabilities associated with such businesses in the diligence process, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.

Risks associated with the suppliers from whom our products are sourced, including greater costs associated with tariffs, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.

The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers. Global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our financial performance. We require all our suppliers to comply with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and otherwise be certified as meeting our required supplier standards of conduct. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards, and to access products in a timely and efficient manner, is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the U.S. Political and economic stability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial stability of suppliers, suppliers' failure to meet our supplier standards, labor problems 

8

experienced by our suppliers, the availability of raw materials to suppliers, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control. In addition, U.S. and foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.

We rely extensively on information technology systems, including third-party systems, to process transactions, maintain information and manage our businesses. Disruptions in the availability of any internal or external information technology systems due to implementation of a new system or otherwise, or privacy incidents involving information technology systems, could impact our ability to service our customers and adversely affect our revenue, consolidated results of operations and reputation and expose us to litigation risk.

Our businesses rely on various information technology systems, including third-party systems, to provide customer information, process customer transactions and provide other general information necessary to manage our businesses. Our information technology systems are subject to damage or interruption due to cybersecurity attacks, system conversions, power outages, computer or telecommunication failures, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes and hurricanes and usage errors by our employees. Although we have an active disaster recovery plan in place that is frequently reviewed and tested, and we believe that we have adopted appropriate measures designed to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these information technology-related and other potential disruptions, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays and interruptions in our ability to provide products and services to our customers. Any disruption caused by the unavailability of our information technology systems could adversely affect our revenue, could require us to make a significant investment to fix or replace them and, therefore, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 

Cyber-security attacks are evolving, and cybercriminals have increasingly demonstrated advanced capabilities, such as zero-day vulnerabilities and rapid integration of new technology such as generative artificial intelligence. Cyber-security attacks may include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security incidents that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. Emerging artificial intelligence technologies may intensify these cybersecurity risks. The rapid, ongoing evolution and increased adoption of emerging technologies such as artificial intelligence and machine learning may make it more difficult to anticipate and implement protective measures to recognize, detect, and prevent the occurrence of any of the cyber events. Our response to cybersecurity incidents, and our investments in our technology and our controls, processes and practices related to cybersecurity incidents and risks from cybersecurity threats, may not be sufficient to shield us from significant losses or liability. Given the increasing sophistication of bad actors and complexity of the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or disable systems, a cybersecurity incident or attack could potentially persist for an extended period of time before being detected. As a result, we may not be able to anticipate the attack or respond adequately or timely, and the extent of a particular cybersecurity incident, and the steps that we may need to take to investigate the incident, may not be immediately clear. It could take a significant amount of time before an investigation can be completed and full, reliable information about the incident becomes known. During an investigation, it is possible we may not necessarily know the extent of the harm or how to remediate it, which could further adversely impact us. In addition, new laws or regulations could result in us being required to disclose information about a material cybersecurity incident before it has been mitigated or resolved, or even fully investigated.

We have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past, but none of these incidents, individually or in the aggregate, have had a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. However, there can be no assurance that we will not experience material cybersecurity incidents in the future. If the network of security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms and monitoring systems to address these threats to our technology fails, or we are unable to successfully address cybersecurity incidents or the risks from cybersecurity threats, we could experience production downtimes, operational delays and interruptions in our ability to provide products and services to our customers, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected Company, customer, or employee information, destruction or corruption of data, security incidents, or other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks which could result in financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability and damage to our reputation.

9

In addition, we rely on software applications, enterprise cloud storage systems and cloud computing services provided by third-party vendors for certain information technology services, including our SAP enterprise system, payroll data, risk management data and lease data. If these third-party vendors, as well as our suppliers and other vendors, experience service interruptions or damage, security incidents, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, ransomware or other similar events or intrusions, our business and our consolidated results of operations may be adversely affected.

Additionally, we cannot be certain that any insurance coverage will be adequate for cybersecurity liabilities actually incurred, that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all, or that our insurer will not deny coverage as to any future claim. 

The world has experienced an exponential level of growth in the availability of potential applications of artificial intelligence (AI). AI could disrupt certain aspects of our business and evolve use of technology in ways that are not yet known. If we are not able to adapt and effectively incorporate potential advantages of AI in our business, it may negatively impact our ability to compete. On the other hand, if we are not able to effectively manage the risks of AI, including the potential for poor or inconsistent quality, privacy concerns, risks related to automated decision-making, and the potential for exposure of confidential and/or propriety information, we may suffer harm to our consolidated results of operations and reputation.

Failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls could adversely affect our business and stock price.

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the consolidated financial statement preparation and presentation. While we continue to evaluate our internal controls, we cannot be certain that these measures will ensure that we implement and maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm were to discover material weaknesses in our internal controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could cause us to be unable to produce reliable financial reports or prevent fraud. This may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a material adverse effect on our stock price.

We may experience difficulties in attracting and retaining competent personnel in key positions. Failure to preserve positive labor relationships with our employee-partners could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.

We believe that a key component of our success is our corporate culture, which has been imparted by management throughout our corporate organization. Our corporate culture, along with our entire operation, depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain key employee-partners. Competitive pressures and labor shortages within and outside our industry may make it more difficult and expensive for us to attract and retain key employee-partners which could adversely affect our businesses.

We believe we have positive labor relationships with our employee-partners. However, factors such as difficulty to attract key employees, reduced employee engagement, third-party organizational efforts, scrutiny from advocacy groups and increased employee-partner turnover could adversely affect our labor relationships with our employee-partners. A failure to preserve positive labor relationships with our employee-partners could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

Unexpected events could negatively impact our business and adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.

Unexpected events, including fires or explosions at facilities, severe weather conditions and natural disasters such as hurricanes, fires, floods, droughts and tornadoes, geopolitical conflicts, war or terrorist activities, unplanned outages, supply disruptions, failure of equipment or systems or changes in laws and/or regulations impacting our businesses, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. Any of these events could result in customer disruption, physical damage to one or more key operating facilities, the temporary closure of one or more key operating facilities or the temporary disruption of information systems. In addition, negative publicity related to such unexpected events, whether warranted or not, may impact brand image perception and could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 

10

Financial Risks

Our indebtedness may limit cash flow available to invest in the ongoing needs of our business.

Our outstanding indebtedness along with adverse interest rate fluctuations may have negative consequences on our business, such as requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend increases, stock buybacks and other general corporate purposes, as well as increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions. In addition, it may limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future to enable us to react to changes in our business or industry or place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to businesses in our industry that have less debt.

Changes in the fuel and energy industry could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

The price of fuel and energy needed to run our vehicles and equipment is unpredictable and fluctuates based on events outside of our control, including geopolitical developments, supply and demand fluctuations for fuel and other energy related products, actions by energy producers, war and unrest in oil producing countries, regional production patterns, limits on refining capacities, natural disasters and environmental concerns including the impact of legislative and regulatory efforts to limit GHG emissions. Increases in fuel and energy costs could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

We earn revenue, pay expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Canadian dollar. In fiscal years 2025, 2024 and 2023, revenue denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar represented less than 10% of our consolidated revenue. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenue and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Therefore, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar against other major currencies, particularly in the event of significant increases in foreign currency revenue, will impact our revenue and operating income and the value of consolidated balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. This impact could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

We may recognize impairment charges, which could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

We assess our goodwill and other intangible assets and our long-lived assets for impairment when required by U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP). These accounting principles require that we record an impairment charge if circumstances indicate that the asset carrying values exceed their estimated fair values. The estimated fair value of these assets is impacted by, but not limited to, macroeconomic, industry and market conditions in the locations in which we operate. Deterioration in these general economic conditions may result in: declining revenue, which can lead to excess capacity and declining operating cash flow; reductions in management's estimates for future revenue and operating cash flow growth; increases in borrowing rates and other deterioration in factors that impact our weighted average cost of capital; and deteriorating real estate values. If our assessment of goodwill, other intangible assets or long-lived assets indicates an impairment of the carrying value for which we recognize an impairment charge, this may adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

The effects of credit market volatility and changes in our credit ratings could adversely affect our liquidity and consolidated results of operations.

Our operating cash flows, combined with access to the credit markets, provide us with significant discretionary funding capacity. Our access to the credit markets will depend on a variety of factors, such as prevailing economic and credit market conditions, the general availability of credit, the overall availability of credit to our industry, our credit ratings and credit capacity and perceptions of our financial prospects. For example, in the event that the ratings of our commercial paper or our outstanding long-term debt issues were substantially lowered or withdrawn for any reason, or if the ratings assigned to any new issue of long-term debt securities were significantly lowered, particularly if we no longer had investment grade ratings, our ability to access the debt markets may be adversely affected. In addition, deterioration in the global credit markets may limit our ability to access credit markets, which could adversely affect our liquidity and/or increase our cost of borrowing. In addition, credit market deterioration and 

11

its actual or perceived effects on our results of operations and financial condition, along with deterioration in general economic conditions, may increase the likelihood that the major independent credit agencies will downgrade our credit ratings, which could increase our cost of borrowing. Increases in our cost of borrowing could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.

Legal and Regulatory Risks

Failure to comply with federal and state regulations to which we are subject could result in penalties or costs that could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 

Our business is subject to complex and stringent state and federal regulations, including employment laws and regulations, minimum wage requirements, overtime requirements, working condition requirements, citizenship requirements, transportation laws and regulations, sustainability-related regulations, cybersecurity laws and regulations, data privacy and protection laws and regulations, environmental regulations, and other laws and regulations. In particular, we are subject to the regulations promulgated by the U.S. Department of Transportation (USDOT) and under the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended (OSHA Act). We have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in the ordinary course of our business in complying with the USDOT regulations, the OSHA Act and other laws and regulations to which we are subject. Changes in laws, regulations and the related interpretations, including any laws or regulations that may be enacted by the current U.S. presidential administration and Congress, may alter the landscape in which we do business and may affect our costs of doing business. The impact of new laws and regulations cannot be predicted. Compliance with new laws and regulations may increase our operating costs or require significant capital expenditures. Any failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations could result in substantial fines by government authorities, payment of damages to private litigants, or possible revocation of our authority to conduct our operations, which could adversely affect our ability to service customers and our consolidated results of operations. In addition, we expect there will likely be increasing levels of regulation, disclosure-related and otherwise, with respect to sustainability matters, and increased regulation will likely lead to increased compliance costs as well as scrutiny that could heighten all of the risks identified in this risk factor.

We are subject to legal proceedings that may adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

We are subject to various litigation claims and legal proceeding arising from the ordinary course of our business, including personal injury, customer contract, environmental and employment claims. Certain of these lawsuits or potential future lawsuits, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in liability and expense material to our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

Compliance with environmental laws and regulations could result in significant costs that adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.

Our operating locations are subject to environmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including those related to sustainability and governing discharges of pollutants to the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the clean-up of contaminated sites. The operation of our businesses entails risks under environmental laws and regulations. We could incur significant costs, including clean-up costs, fines and sanctions and claims by third parties for property damage and personal injury, as a result of violations of, or liabilities under these laws and regulations. We are currently involved in a limited number of remedial investigations and actions at various locations. While based on information currently known to us, we believe that we maintain adequate reserves with respect to these matters, our liability could exceed forecasted amounts, and the imposition of additional clean-up obligations or the discovery of additional contamination at these or other sites could result in significant additional costs which could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. In addition, potentially significant expenditures could be required to comply with environmental laws and regulations, including requirements that may be adopted or imposed in the future. We may not be able to timely recover the cost of compliance with such new or more stringent laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 

12

Under applicable environmental laws, an owner or operator of real estate may be required to pay the costs of removing or remediating hazardous materials located on or emanating from property, whether or not the owner or operator knew of or was responsible for the presence of such hazardous materials. While we regularly engage in environmental due diligence in connection with acquisitions, we can give no assurance that locations that have been acquired or leased have been operated in compliance with environmental laws and regulations during prior periods or that future uses or conditions will not make us liable under these laws or expose us to third-party actions, including tort suits.

Increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or unfavorable resolution of tax matters could adversely impact our consolidated results of operations.

Changes in tax laws or regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business, or other tax law implementations or interpretations, including the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA), which includes a corporate alternative minimum tax on certain large corporations and other non-income tax provisions, including an excise tax on the repurchase of corporate stock could increase our effective tax rate, restrict our ability to repatriate undistributed offshore earnings, or impose new restrictions, costs or prohibitions on our current practices and reduce our net income and adversely affect our cash flows. In addition, some countries have enacted or have committed to enact Pillar Two global minimum tax, which may increase our tax expense in future years.

We are also subject to tax audits, including with respect to transfer pricing, in the U.S. and other jurisdictions and our tax positions may be challenged by tax authorities. Although we believe that our current tax provisions are reasonable and appropriate, there can be no assurance that these items will be settled for the amounts accrued, that additional tax exposures will not be identified in the future or that additional tax reserves will not be necessary for any such exposures. Any increase in the amount of taxation incurred as a result of challenges to our tax filing positions could result in a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition.