The statements in this section,
as well as statements described elsewhere in this Form 10-K, or in other SEC
filings, describe risks that could materially and adversely affect our
business, financial condition and results of operations and the trading price
of our debt or equity securities could decline. 
These risks are not the only risks that we face.  Our business, financial condition and results
of operations could also be affected by additional factors that are not
presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our
operations.

In addition, this section
sets forth statements which constitute our cautionary statements under the
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

The
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor from
civil litigation for forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking
statements may be identified by words such as “estimates,” “anticipates,” “projects,”
“plans,” “expects,” “intends,” “believes,” “seeks,” “could,” “should,” “may”
and “will” or the negative versions thereof and similar expressions and by the
context in which they are used.  Such statements are based upon current
expectations of Cintas and speak only as of the date made.  These
statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties and other factors that
could cause actual results to differ from those set forth in or implied by this
Annual Report.  Factors that might cause such a difference include, but
are not limited to, the possibility of greater than anticipated operating costs
including energy costs, lower sales volumes, the performance and costs of
integration of acquisitions, fluctuations in costs of materials and labor
including increased medical costs, costs and possible effects of union
organizing activities, uncertainties regarding any existing or newly-discovered
expenses and liabilities related to environmental compliance and remediation,
the cost, results and ongoing assessment of internal controls for financial
reporting required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the initiation or outcome
of litigation, higher assumed sourcing or distribution costs of products, the
disruption of operations from catastrophic events, changes in federal and state
tax laws and the reactions of competitors in terms of price and service. 
Cintas undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to
reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which they are made.

Also
note that we provide the following cautionary discussion of risks,
uncertainties and possibly inaccurate assumptions relevant to our businesses.
These are factors that, individually or in the aggregate, we think could cause
our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results.
We note these factors for investors as permitted by the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You should understand that it is not possible to
predict or identify all such factors. Consequently, you should not consider the
following to be a complete discussion of all potential risks or uncertainties.

General
economic factors may adversely affect our financial performance.

General economic
conditions, in North America and globally, may adversely affect our financial
performance.  Higher levels of
unemployment, inflation, tax rates and other changes in tax laws and other
economic factors could adversely affect the demand for Cintas products and
services.  Increases in labor costs
including healthcare and insurance costs, higher material costs for items such
as linens and textiles, higher fuel and other energy costs, higher interest
rates, inflation, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws and other
economic factors could increase our costs of rentals and other services and
selling and administrative expenses and could adversely affect our operating
results.

Increased
competition could adversely affect our financial performance.

We operate in highly competitive industries and compete with national,
regional and local providers.  Product,
design, price, quality, service and convenience to the customer are the
competitive elements in these industries. 
If existing or future competitors seek to gain or retain market share by
reducing prices, Cintas may be required to lower prices, which would hurt our
operating results. Cintas’ competitors also generally compete with Cintas for
acquisition candidates, which can increase the price for acquisitions and
reduce the number of available acquisition candidates.  In addition, our customers and prospects may
decide to perform certain services in-house instead of outsourcing these
services to Cintas.  These competitive
pressures could adversely affect our sales and operating results.

5

Risks
associated with the suppliers from whom our products are sourced could
adversely affect our operating results.

The products we sell are
sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers. Global
sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our
financial performance. All of our suppliers must comply with applicable laws,
including labor and environmental laws, and otherwise be certified as meeting
our required supplier standards of conduct. Our ability to find qualified
suppliers who meet our standards, and to access products in a timely and
efficient manner is a significant challenge, especially with respect to
suppliers located and goods sourced outside the United States. Political and
economic stability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the
financial stability of suppliers, suppliers’ failure to meet our supplier
standards, labor problems experienced by our suppliers, the availability of raw
materials to suppliers, currency exchange rates, transport availability and
cost, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries
in which they are located are beyond our control. In addition, United States
and Canadian foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported
goods, trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the
importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials
from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our
control. These and other factors affecting our suppliers and our access to
products could adversely affect our operating results.

An
inability to open new, cost effective operating facilities may adversely affect
our expansion efforts.

We plan to expand our
presence in existing markets and enter new markets.  The opening of new operating facilities is
necessary to gain the capacity required for this expansion.  Our ability to open new operating facilities
depends on our ability to identify attractive locations, negotiate leases or
real estate purchase agreements on acceptable terms, identify and obtain adequate
utility and water sources, and comply with environmental regulations, zoning
laws and other similar factors.  Any
inability to effectively identify and manage these items may adversely affect
our expansion efforts, and, consequently, adversely affect our financial
performance.

Unionization
campaigns could adversely affect our operating results.

Cintas continues to be
the target of a corporate unionization campaign by several unions.  These unions are attempting to pressure
Cintas into surrendering our employees’ rights to a government-supervised
election by unilaterally accepting union representation.  We continue to vigorously oppose this
campaign and defend our employees’ rights to a government-supervised
election.  This campaign could be
materially disruptive to our business and could materially adversely affect our
operating results.

Compliance
with environmental laws and regulations could result in significant costs that
adversely affect our operating results.

Our operating locations
are subject to environmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of
the environment and health and safety matters, including those governing
discharges of pollutants to the air and water, the management and disposal of
hazardous substances and wastes and the clean-up of contaminated sites. The operation
of our businesses entails risks under environmental laws and regulations. We
could incur significant costs, including clean-up costs, fines and sanctions
and claims by third parties for property damage and personal injury, as a
result of violations of or liabilities under these laws and regulations. We are
currently involved in a limited number of remedial investigations and actions
at various locations.  While, based on
information currently known to us, we believe that we maintain adequate reserves
with respect to these matters, our liability could exceed forecasted amounts,
and the imposition of additional clean-up obligations or the discovery of
additional contamination at these or other sites could result in additional
costs. In addition, potentially significant expenditures could be required to
comply with environmental laws and regulations, including requirements that may
be adopted or imposed in the future.

Under environmental laws, an owner or operator of real estate may be
required to pay the costs of removing or remediating hazardous materials
located on or emanating from property, whether or not the owner or operator
knew of or was responsible for the presence of such hazardous materials.  While Cintas regularly engages in
environmental due diligence in connection with acquisitions, we can give no
assurance that locations that have been acquired or leased have been operated
in compliance with environmental laws and regulations during prior periods or
that future uses or conditions will not make us liable under these laws or
expose us to third-party actions including tort suits.

6

We are
subject to legal proceedings that may adversely affect our financial condition
and operating results.

We are party to various
litigation claims and legal proceedings. 
Certain of these lawsuits or potential future lawsuits, if decided
adversely to us or settled by us, may result in liability material to our
financial condition and operating results. 
We discuss these lawsuits and other litigation to which we are party in
greater detail below under the caption “Item 3. Legal Proceedings” and in Note 12
to our consolidated financial statements.

Risks
associated with our acquisition policy could adversely affect our operating
results.

Historically, a portion
of our growth has come from acquisitions. 
We continue to evaluate opportunities for acquiring businesses that may
supplement our internal growth.  However,
there can be no assurance that we will be able to locate and purchase suitable
acquisitions.  In addition, the success
of any acquisition depends in part on our ability to integrate the acquired
company.  The process of integrating
acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a
disproportionate amount of our management’s attention and our financial and
other resources.  Although we conduct due diligence investigations prior to each
acquisition, there can be no assurance that we will discover all material
liabilities of an acquired business for which we may be responsible as a successor
owner or operator.  The failure to
successfully integrate these acquired businesses or to discover such
liabilities could adversely affect our operating results.

We may
experience difficulties in attracting and retaining competent personnel in key
positions.

We believe that part of
our success is due to our corporate culture which has been imparted by
management throughout our corporate organization.  This factor, along with our entire operation,
depends on our ability to attract and retain key employees.  Competitive pressures within and outside our
industry may make it more difficult and expensive for us to attract and retain
key employees.

Unexpected
events could disrupt our operations and adversely affect our operating results.

Unexpected events, including
fires or explosions at facilities, natural disasters such as hurricanes and
tornados, war or terrorist activities, unplanned outages, supply disruptions,
failure of equipment or systems or changes in laws and/or regulations impacting
our business, could adversely affect our operating results.  These events could result in customer
disruption, physical damage to one or more key operating facilities, the
temporary closure of one or more key operating facilities or the temporary
disruption of information systems.

Failure
to achieve and maintain effective internal controls could adversely affect our
business and stock price.

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable
financial reports.  All internal control
systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations.  Therefore, even those systems determined to
be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial
statement preparation and presentation. 
While we continue to evaluate our internal controls, we cannot be
certain that these measures will ensure that we implement and maintain adequate
controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future.  If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our
internal controls or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm
were to discover material weaknesses in our internal controls, as such
standards are modified, supplemented or amended, we may not be able to ensure
that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control
over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.  Failure to
achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could cause us
to be unable to produce reliable financial reports or prevent fraud.  This may cause investors to lose confidence
in our reported financial information, which could have a material adverse
effect on our stock price.

7