” within this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

4

Customers

We provide our products and services to over one million businesses of all types, from small service and manufacturing companies to major corporations that employ thousands of people. This diversity in customer base results in no individual customer accounting for greater than one percent of Cintas' total revenue. As a result, the loss of one account would not have a material financial impact on Cintas.

Competition

The primary markets served by each of the Cintas operating segments are local in nature and highly fragmented. Cintas competes with national, regional and local providers, large national retailers and small local retailers as well as companies with a significant online presence and the level of competition varies at each of Cintas' local operations. In addition, businesses may decide to perform certain services in-house instead of outsourcing these services. Product, design, price, quality, service and convenience to the customer are the competitive elements in each of our operating segments.

Operations and Distribution

Within the Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment, Cintas provides its products and services to customers via local delivery routes originating from rental processing plants and branches. Within the First Aid and Safety Services reportable operating segment and All Other, Cintas provides its products and services via its distribution network and local delivery routes or local representatives. At May 31, 2022, Cintas, in total, had approximately 11,300 local delivery routes, 462 operational facilities and 12 distribution centers. 

Sourcing

Cintas is committed to sourcing responsibly. Cintas sources finished products from many outside suppliers. As mentioned on our website, www.cintas.com, each and every supplier must comply with a vendor code of conduct as a condition of doing business with Cintas. Cintas also conducts internal training to ensure that employee-partners who have direct responsibility for supply chain management are knowledgeable and aware of issues and concerns surrounding our supply chain. In addition to sourcing from third-party suppliers, Cintas operates five manufacturing facilities that provide for standard uniform needs. Cintas purchases fabric, used in the manufacturing of its products, from several suppliers. Cintas' ability to find qualified suppliers who meet its standards and to access products in a timely and efficient manner, is subject to ongoing market risks. For a discussion of the risks associated with sourcing that may materially impact Cintas, please see "
 - Risks Relating to Business Strategy 
and
 Operations

."

Government Laws and Regulations

Cintas is subject to a wide array of laws, government regulations, including environmental regulations, and standards in each domestic and foreign jurisdiction in which it operates. In addition to Cintas’ U.S. operations, which in fiscal 2022 generated over 90% of its consolidated revenue, Cintas also operates its business through wholly-owned subsidiaries in foreign jurisdictions, primarily in Canada. Compliance with these laws, government regulations, including environmental regulations, and standards requires the dedication of time and effort of employee-partners as well as financial resources. 

Compliance with environmental regulations and prioritizing our environmental sustainability efforts are important to us as a good corporate citizen. Our journey started in 1929 during the Great Depression when Doc and Amelia Farmer collected shop towels that had been disposed of by manufacturing facilities along the Ohio River. They washed, recycled and sold the clean towels back to companies. Today, the majority of our total Company revenue comes from our Uniform Rental and Facility Services reportable operating segment. Most of these items are cleaned and processed in ways that extend their lifespan and, when not in use, are re-stocked for future customers to maximize their lifespan. Our laundering processes generate far less wastewater than home laundering. Water discharged into the environment is treated at our operating facilities and in accordance with local discharge standards and permits. Our lasting commitment to the environment and our communities is evident from our processes and innovation, which are designed to ensure that our operational facilities are operating efficiently. Cintas is subject to various environmental laws and regulations, as are other companies in the uniform rental industry. The primary federal statutes that apply to our activities in the U.S. are the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act and the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. We are also subject to the Superfund Amendments and Reauthorization Act of 1986, which imposes certain reporting requirements as to emissions of hazardous substances into the air, land and water. While environmental compliance is not a material component of our costs, Cintas makes capital expenditures and associated operating costs, primarily for water treatment and waste removal, 

5

on a regular basis in order to comply with environmental laws and regulations, to promote employee-partner safety and to carry out its environmental sustainability principles. Environmental spending related to water treatment and waste removal was approximately $22.0 million in fiscal 2022, approximately $19.0 million in fiscal 2021 and approximately $20.0 million in fiscal 2020. Capital expenditures to limit or monitor hazardous substances totaled approximately $0.2 million in fiscal 2022, approximately $1.0 million in fiscal 2021 and approximately $3.0 million in fiscal 2020. 

In addition, health and safety regulations (including laws or regulations promulgated in response to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic) have necessitated, and may continue to necessitate, increased operating costs or capital investments to promote a safe working environment. Cintas is also required to comply with increasingly complex and changing laws and regulations enacted to protect business and personal data in the U.S. and other jurisdictions regarding privacy, data protection and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, use, transmission and protection of personal information and other consumer, customer, vendor or employee data. With respect to the laws and regulations noted above, as well as other applicable laws and regulations, Cintas’ compliance programs may under certain circumstances involve material investments in the form of additional processes, training, personnel, information technology and capital. In fiscal 2022, compliance with the applicable laws, government regulations, including environmental regulations, and standards did not have a material effect on Cintas’ capital expenditures or consolidated results of operations. For a discussion of the risks associated with government regulations that may materially impact Cintas, please see “
Item 1A: Risk Factors—Legal and Regulatory Risks

.”

Communication

Cintas uses its corporate website, www.cintas.com, as a channel for routine distribution of important information, including news releases, analyst presentations and financial information. Cintas files with or furnishes to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to those reports, as well as proxy statements and annual reports to shareholders, and, from time to time, other documents. The reports and other documents filed with or furnished to the SEC are available to investors on or through our corporate website free of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with or furnish them to the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site located at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers, such as Cintas, that file electronically with the SEC. Cintas' SEC filings can be found on the Investors page of its website at www.cintas.com/investors/financials.aspx and its Code of Conduct and Business Ethics can be found on the About Us page of its website at www.cintas.com/company. These documents are available in print to any shareholder who requests a copy by writing or calling Cintas as set forth on the Investor Information page. The content on any website referred to in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is not incorporated herein by reference unless expressly noted.

Environmental, Social and Governance

Cintas is in the midst of a comprehensive, enterprise-wide review of its business model as it relates to environmental, social and governance (ESG) opportunities, improvements and efficiencies. In 2021, Cintas announced our ambition to achieve Net Zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2050. In fiscal 2022, Cintas expanded our ESG report to share our focus on making a positive impact through our key ESG priorities. This included work in areas of climate and energy initiatives, water interactions, materials and waste innovations, sustainable supply chain, diversity, equity and inclusion efforts, employee-partner development, safety and health strategy, human rights and labor rights positions and governance, ethics and integrity foundations. Cintas' most recent ESG report can be found on our website at www.cintas.com/esg.

6

Human Capital 

Cintas’ key human capital management objectives are to attract, retain and develop talent to deliver on the Company’s strategy. To support these objectives, Cintas’ human resources programs are designed to: keep people safe and healthy; enhance the Company’s culture through efforts aimed at making the workplace more inclusive; acquire and retain diverse talent; reward and support employee-partners through competitive pay and benefit programs; develop talent to prepare them for critical roles and leadership positions; and facilitate internal talent mobility to create a high-performing workforce. The principles and values our employee-partners share are the driving force behind all our accomplishments. At May 31, 2022, Cintas employed approximately 43,000 employee-partners in our global workforce, of which approximately 1,000 were represented by labor unions. 

Our primary areas of focus in managing our human capital include the following:

Corporate Culture

We believe that our culture at Cintas is just as essential as our products and services. Our culture impacts the quality of the employee-partners we hire, the way we communicate and interact with our customers and each other and our performance standards. Our culture is the cornerstone representing our values, our behaviors, our way of working and how we approach our business, which is strong relationships and a dedication to taking care of one another and our customers. We operate according to the Cintas Code of Conduct, available on our website www.cintas.com, which mandates full compliance with applicable laws and regulations and helps to preserve the integrity of our Company.

Health and Safety 

We aspire to achieve zero workplace injuries and provide a safe, open and accountable work environment for our employee-partners. To enforce internationally recognized standards, we have implemented an occupational health and safety management system in accordance with the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA). Employee-partners, contractors, vendors and visitors are all covered by the system, which focuses on hazard prevention, training, management commitment and worker involvement. We are also committed to continuously improving performance through our Safety Improvement Committees in every operation, while corporate safety and health employee-partners conduct annual reviews of our operations. Additionally, every year our employee-partners receive online, on-the-job and classroom training on over 30 safety topics, and all maintenance staff must complete the Maintenance Safety Certification. Every Cintas driver completes monthly driver safety training courses or on-the-road skills evaluations. Every manager attends OSHA’s 10-hour Safety Improvement course, and each member of our Senior Management team takes the Management and Leadership Skills for Environmental Health and Safety Professionals Course, part of the Harvard T.H Chan School of Public Health safety and health curriculum. In addition, we provide several channels for all employee-partners to speak up, ask for guidance and report concerns related to ethics or safety violations, and we address those concerns and take appropriate actions to uphold our Cintas values and safety culture. Through these efforts, Cintas has reduced our recordable injury rate by over 75% since 2008, has been awarded 122 OSHA Star sites in the Voluntary Protection Program (VPP), which is more than double any other company in the U.S. and have received numerous safety, health and ergonomics awards from national and international groups. 

Employee-Partner Wellness

We are committed to the health and wellness of our employee-partners. We provide our employee-partners and their families with access to a variety of health and wellness programs, including our long-running Live Well program that supports employee-partners on their health and wellness journeys. We provide free annual biometric screening and health assessments at work or offsite, annual free flu shot clinics onsite or offsite, a tobacco cessation program, weight management programs and an employee-partner assistance program, which offers advice on mental health, legal and financial issues.

In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, we utilized our Preparedness Plan and implemented controls that we consider to be in the best interest of our employee-partners and the communities in which we operate, and which comply with government regulations. Some of the controls implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, include physical barriers, social distancing, remote-working where possible, travel restrictions, appropriate personal protective equipment and additional hygiene and cleaning regimes. Keeping people safe remains our top priority, and the diligence and flexibility of our employee-partners in complying with these new controls has allowed us to continue to focus on providing essential products and services to our customers, ranging from cleaning supplies, disinfectant services, hand sanitizer, scrubs, face masks and face shields.

7

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion

Cintas supports diversity, equity and inclusion by fostering a respectful, creative and productive environment where all employee-partners can reach their full potential without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status. We actively recruit, retain, develop and advance a diverse and talented workforce. We have five Employee-Partner Business Resource Groups, focused on Women, African Americans, Hispanic and Latin Americans, Asian American / Pacific Islanders and Military and Veteran employee-partners. These groups provide platforms for our employee-partners to showcase skills, experiences and perspectives. The Employee-Partner Business Resource Groups also help foster inclusion among all employee-partners to build awareness, recruit and retain a diverse workforce and support the overall success of Cintas. We also have a Management Trainee program that helps Cintas find the best talent for our leadership pipeline, and we monitor representation across management positions. Cintas’ diversity, equity and inclusion efforts are led by our Chief Diversity Officer. This position regularly reports to our Chief Executive Officer and works to help achieve our goals and obtain a diverse and talented workforce, which is critical to our success.

Compensation Programs and Employee Benefits

Our compensation and benefits programs provide a total rewards package designed to attract, retain and motivate our employee-partners. In addition to competitive base salaries, the total rewards package (which may vary by position and country) includes, among other items, bonuses, long-term incentives, retirement savings plans, medical insurance, prescription drug benefits, dental insurance, vision insurance, accident and critical illness insurance, life and disability insurance, health savings accounts, flexible spending accounts and an employee-partner assistance program.

Talent Development

Cintas is committed to the continued development of its employee-partners. We provide numerous training opportunities for our employee-partners, with a focus on continuous learning and development and methodologies to manage performance, provide feedback and develop talent. We offer a wide array of training solutions (classroom, hands-on and e-learning) for our employee-partners. Our talent development programs strive to provide employee-partners resources to achieve career goals and build management and leadership skills. We offer mentoring programs, a management trainee program and executive leadership programs to support the professional growth of our employee-partners and ensure we have the right succession plans in place.

8

Item 1A.  Risk Factors

The statements in this section describe the most significant risks that could materially and adversely affect our business, consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operation and the trading price of our debt or equity securities. Although the risks are organized by headings, and each risk is discussed separately, many are interrelated. Readers should not interpret the disclosure of any risk factor to imply that the risk has not already materialized. 

In addition, this section sets forth statements which constitute our cautionary statements under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements. The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor from civil litigation for forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may be identified by words such as “estimates,” “anticipates,” “predicts,” “projects,” “plans,” “expects,” “intends,” “target,” “forecast,” “believes,” “seeks,” “could,” “should,” “may” and “will” or the negative versions thereof and similar words, terms and expressions and by the context in which they are used. Such statements are based upon current expectations of Cintas and speak only as of the date made. You should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. We cannot guarantee that any forward-looking statement will be realized. These statements are subject to various risks, uncertainties, potentially inaccurate assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results to differ from those set forth in or implied by this Annual Report. Factors that might cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, the possibility of greater than anticipated operating costs including energy and fuel costs; lower sales volumes; loss of customers due to outsourcing trends; the performance and costs of integration of acquisitions; fluctuations in costs of materials and labor, including increased medical costs; interest rate volatility; costs and possible effects of union organizing activities; failure to comply with government regulations concerning employment discrimination, employee pay and benefits and employee health and safety; the effect on operations of exchange rate fluctuations, tariffs and other political, economic and regulatory risks; uncertainties regarding any existing or newly-discovered expenses and liabilities related to environmental compliance and remediation; our ability to meet our goals relating to ESG opportunities, improvements and efficiencies; the cost, results and ongoing assessment of internal controls for financial reporting; the effect of new accounting pronouncements; disruptions caused by the inaccessibility of computer systems data, including cybersecurity risks; the initiation or outcome of litigation, investigations or other proceedings; higher assumed sourcing or distribution costs of products; the disruption of operations from catastrophic or extraordinary events including global health pandemics such as the COVID-19 coronavirus; the amount and timing of repurchases of our common stock, if any; changes in federal and state tax and labor laws; and the reactions of competitors in terms of price and service. Cintas undertakes no obligation to publicly release any revisions to any forward-looking statements or to otherwise update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information or to reflect events, circumstances or any other unanticipated developments arising after the date on which such statements are made, except otherwise as required by law. The risks and uncertainties described herein are not the only ones we may face. Additional risks and uncertainties presently not known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also harm our business.

Risks Relating to Business Strategy and Operations

Negative global economic factors, including global health pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may adversely affect our financial performance.

Negative economic conditions, in North America and our other markets, may adversely affect our financial performance. Higher levels of unemployment, inflation, recessionary conditions, geopolitical developments, tax rates and other changes in tax laws and other economic factors could adversely affect the demand for Cintas’ products and services. Increases in labor costs, including the cost to provide employee-partner related healthcare benefits, minimum wages, labor shortages or shortages of skilled labor, regulations regarding the classification of employees and/or their eligibility for overtime wages, higher material costs for items such as fabrics and textiles, the inability to obtain insurance coverage at cost-effective rates, higher interest rates, inflation, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws and other economic factors could increase our costs of rental uniforms and facility services, cost of other services and selling and administrative expenses. As a result, these factors could adversely affect our sales and consolidated results of operations.

The COVID-19 pandemic has created widespread disruption in the global economy and has had, and could continue to have, an adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations and financial performance, as well as on the results of operations and financial performance of many of the customers and suppliers in industries that we serve and operate. The duration of the pandemic itself and the market and workplace disruptions it has caused, as well as the long-term effects on the economy and our customers are uncertain and as yet unknowable. These 

9

factors, as they become more certain, could adversely affect our workforce, sales and overall business. Furthermore, the ultimate impact of global health pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic on our consolidated results of operations and financial performance depends on many factors that are not within our control, including, but not limited to: the impact of global health pandemics on global and regional economies, including the impact of governmental, business and individuals’ actions taken in response to such pandemics; the availability of federal, state or local pandemic relief programs; general economic uncertainty in key financial markets and financial market volatility; global economic conditions and levels of economic growth; and the pace of recovery when the global health pandemic subsides. We are unable to predict the extent to which global health pandemics such as the COVID-19 pandemic and related impacts will continue to adversely impact our business operations, financial performance, consolidated results of operations, consolidated financial position and the achievement of our strategic objectives.

Increased competition could adversely affect our financial performance.

We operate in highly competitive industries and compete with national, regional and local providers. Product, design, price, quality, service and convenience to the customer are the competitive elements in these industries. If existing or future competitors seek to gain or retain market share by reducing prices, Cintas may be required to lower prices, which would hurt its results of operations. Cintas' competitors also generally compete with Cintas for acquisition candidates, which can increase the price for acquisitions and reduce the number of available acquisition candidates. In addition, our customers and prospects may decide to perform certain services in-house instead of outsourcing these services to us. These competitive pressures could adversely affect our sales and consolidated results of operations.

An inability to open new, cost effective operating facilities may adversely affect our expansion efforts.

We plan to expand our presence in existing markets and enter new markets. The opening of new operating facilities is necessary to gain the capacity required for this expansion. Our ability to open new operating facilities depends on our ability to identify attractive locations, negotiate leases or real estate purchase agreements on acceptable terms, identify and obtain adequate utility and water sources and comply with environmental regulations, zoning laws and other similar factors. Any inability to effectively identify and manage these items may adversely affect our expansion efforts, and consequently, adversely affect our financial performance.

Risks associated with our acquisition practice could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.

Historically, a portion of our growth has come from acquisitions. We continue to evaluate opportunities for acquiring businesses that may supplement our internal growth. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to locate and purchase suitable acquisitions. In addition, the success of any acquisition, including the ability to realize anticipated cost synergies, depends in part on our ability to integrate the acquired company. The process of integrating acquired businesses may involve unforeseen difficulties and may require a disproportionate amount of our management's attention and our financial and other resources. If management is not able to effectively manage the integration process, or if any significant business activities are interrupted as a result of the integration process, we may not be able to realize anticipated cost synergies resulting from acquisitions and our business could suffer. Although we conduct due diligence investigations prior to each acquisition, there can be no assurance that we will discover or adequately protect against all material liabilities of an acquired business for which we may be responsible as a successor owner or operator. The failure to identify suitable acquisitions and successfully integrate these acquired businesses, or to discover liabilities associated with such businesses in the diligence process, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.

Risks associated with the suppliers from whom our products are sourced could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.

The products we sell are sourced from a wide variety of domestic and international suppliers. Global sourcing of many of the products we sell is an important factor in our financial performance. We require all our suppliers to comply with applicable laws, including labor and environmental laws, and otherwise be certified as meeting our required supplier standards of conduct. Our ability to find qualified suppliers who meet our standards, and to access products in a timely and efficient manner, is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the U.S. Political and economic stability in the countries in which foreign suppliers are located, the financial stability of suppliers, suppliers' failure to meet our supplier standards, labor problems experienced by our suppliers, the availability of raw materials to suppliers, currency exchange rates, transport availability and cost, inflation and other factors relating to the suppliers and the countries in which they are located are beyond our control. In addition, U.S. and foreign trade policies, tariffs and other impositions on imported goods, 

10

trade sanctions imposed on certain countries, the limitation on the importation of certain types of goods or of goods containing certain materials from other countries and other factors relating to foreign trade are beyond our control. These and other factors, including the potential negative impact of global health pandemics such as COVID-19 affecting our suppliers and our access to products could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.

We rely extensively on computer systems, including third-party systems, to process transactions, maintain information and manage our businesses. Disruptions in the availability of computer systems due to implementation of a new system or otherwise, or privacy breaches involving computer systems, could impact our ability to service our customers and adversely affect our sales, consolidated results of operations and reputation and expose us to litigation risk.

Our businesses rely on various computer systems, including third-party systems, to provide customer information, process customer transactions and provide other general information necessary to manage our businesses. We have an active disaster recovery plan in place that is frequently reviewed and tested. However, our computer systems are subject to damage or interruption due to power outages, computer or telecommunication failures, catastrophic events such as fires, tornadoes and hurricanes and usage errors by our employees. Although we believe that we have adopted appropriate measures to mitigate potential risks to our technology and our operations from these information technology-related and other potential disruptions, given the unpredictability of the timing, nature and scope of such disruptions, we could potentially be subject to production downtimes, operational delays and interruptions in our ability to provide products and services to our customers. Any disruption caused by the unavailability of our computer systems could adversely affect our sales, could require us to make a significant investment to fix or replace them and, therefore, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. In addition, cyber-security attacks are evolving and include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, unauthorized release of confidential or otherwise protected information and corruption of data. We have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past, but none of these incidents, individually or in the aggregate, have had a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. If the network of security controls, policy enforcement mechanisms and monitoring systems to address these threats to our technology fails, or we are unable to successfully address security incidents, production downtimes, operational delays and interruptions in our ability to provide products and services to our customers, the compromising of confidential or otherwise protected Company, customer, or employee information, destruction or corruption of data, security breaches, or other manipulation or improper use of our systems and networks could result in financial losses from remedial actions, loss of business or potential liability and damage to our reputation.

We also rely on software applications, enterprise cloud storage systems and cloud computing services provided by third-party vendors for certain information technology services, including our SAP enterprise system, payroll data, risk management data and lease data. If these third-party vendors, as well as our suppliers and other vendors, experience service interruptions or damage, security breaches, cyber-attacks, computer viruses, ransomware or other similar events or intrusions, our business and our consolidated results of operations may be adversely affected.

Failure to achieve and maintain effective internal controls could adversely affect our business and stock price.

Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports. All internal control systems, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, even those systems determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to the consolidated financial statement preparation and presentation. While we continue to evaluate our internal controls, we cannot be certain that these measures will ensure that we implement and maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and reporting in the future. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls or if we or our independent registered public accounting firm were to discover material weaknesses in our internal controls, as such standards are modified, supplemented or amended, we may not be able to ensure that we can conclude on an ongoing basis that we have effective internal control over financial reporting in accordance with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. Failure to achieve and maintain an effective internal control environment could cause us to be unable to produce reliable financial reports or prevent fraud. This may cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a material adverse effect on our stock price.

11

We may experience difficulties in attracting and retaining competent personnel in key positions. Failure to preserve positive labor relationships with our employees could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.

We believe that a key component of our success is our corporate culture, which has been imparted by management throughout our corporate organization. Our corporate culture, along with our entire operation, depends on our ability to attract, develop and retain key employees. Competitive pressures and labor shortages within and outside our industry may make it more difficult and expensive for us to attract and retain key employees which could adversely affect our businesses.

We believe we have positive labor relationships with our employees. However, factors such as difficulty to attract key employees, reduced employee engagement, third-party organizational efforts and increased employee turnover could adversely affect our labor relationships with our employees. A failure to preserve positive labor relationships with our employees and could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

Unexpected events could negatively impact our operations and adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.

Unexpected events, including fires or explosions at facilities, severe weather conditions and natural disasters such as hurricanes and tornadoes (including those caused by climate change), war or terrorist activities, unplanned outages, global health pandemics such as COVID-19, supply disruptions, failure of equipment or systems or changes in laws and/or regulations impacting our businesses, could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. These events could result in customer disruption, physical damage to one or more key operating facilities, the temporary closure of one or more key operating facilities or the temporary disruption of information systems. In addition, negative publicity, whether warranted or not, impacting brand image perception could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 

Financial Risks

Our indebtedness may limit cash flow available to invest in the ongoing needs of our business.

Our outstanding indebtedness may have negative consequences on our business, such as requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to the payment of debt service, reducing the availability of our cash flow to fund working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend increases, stock buybacks and other general corporate purposes, as well as increase our vulnerability to adverse economic or industry conditions. In addition, it may limit our ability to obtain additional financing in the future to enable us to react to changes in our business or industry or place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to businesses in our industry that have less debt.

Changes in the fuel and energy industry could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

The price of fuel and energy needed to run our vehicles and equipment is unpredictable and fluctuates based on events outside our control, including geopolitical developments, supply and demand for fuel and other energy related products, actions by energy producers, war and unrest in oil producing countries, regional production patterns, limits on refining capacities, natural disasters, environmental concerns including the impact of legislative and regulatory efforts to limit GHG emissions and global health pandemics such as COVID-19. Increases in fuel and energy costs could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

We earn revenue, pay expenses, own assets and incur liabilities in countries using currencies other than the U.S. dollar, primarily the Canadian dollar. In fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020, revenue denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar represented less than 10% of our consolidated revenue. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenue and expenses, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Therefore, fluctuations in the value of the U.S. dollar against other major currencies, particularly in the event of significant increases in foreign currency revenue, will impact our revenue and operating income and the value of balance sheet items denominated in foreign currencies. This impact could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

12

We may recognize impairment charges, which could adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

We assess our goodwill and other intangible assets and our long-lived assets for impairment when required by U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (U.S. GAAP). These accounting principles require that we record an impairment charge if circumstances indicate that the asset carrying values exceed their estimated fair values. The estimated fair value of these assets is impacted by, but not limited to, macroeconomic, industry and market conditions in the locations in which we operate. Deterioration in these general economic conditions may result in: declining revenue, which can lead to excess capacity and declining operating cash flow; reductions in management's estimates for future revenue and operating cash flow growth; increases in borrowing rates and other deterioration in factors that impact our weighted average cost of capital; and deteriorating real estate values. If our assessment of goodwill, other intangible assets or long-lived assets indicates an impairment of the carrying value for which we recognize an impairment charge, this may adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

The effects of credit market volatility and changes in our credit ratings could adversely affect our liquidity and consolidated results of operations.

Our operating cash flows, combined with access to the credit markets, provide us with significant discretionary funding capacity. However, deterioration in the global credit markets may limit our ability to access credit markets, which could adversely affect our liquidity and/or increase our cost of borrowing. In addition, credit market deterioration and its actual or perceived effects on our results of operations and financial condition, along with deterioration in general economic conditions, may increase the likelihood that the major independent credit agencies will downgrade our credit ratings, which could increase our cost of borrowing. Increases in our cost of borrowing could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.

Legal and Regulatory Risks

Failure to comply with federal and state regulations to which we are subject could result in penalties or costs that could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations. 

Our business is subject to complex and stringent state and federal regulations, including employment laws and regulations, minimum wage requirements, overtime requirements, working condition requirements, citizenship requirements, transportation and other laws and regulations. In particular, we are subject to the regulations promulgated by the U.S. Department of Transportation (USDOT) and under the Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970, as amended (OSHA Act). We have incurred, and will continue to incur, capital and operating expenditures and other costs in the ordinary course of our business in complying with the USDOT regulations, the OSHA Act and other laws and regulations to which we are subject. Changes in laws, regulations and the related interpretations, including any laws or regulations that may be enacted by the current U.S. presidential administration and Congress, may alter the landscape in which we do business and may affect our costs of doing business. The impact of new laws and regulations cannot be predicted. Compliance with new laws and regulations may increase our operating costs or require significant capital expenditures. Any failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations could result in substantial fines by government authorities, payment of damages to private litigants, or possible revocation of our authority to conduct our operations, which could adversely affect our ability to service customers and our consolidated results of operations. 

We are subject to legal proceedings that may adversely affect our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

We are subject to various litigation claims and legal proceeding arising from the ordinary course of our business, including personal injury, customer contract, environmental and employment claims. Certain of these lawsuits or potential future lawsuits, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in liability and expense material to our consolidated financial condition and consolidated results of operations.

Compliance with environmental laws and regulations could result in significant costs that adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.

Our operating locations are subject to environmental laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including those governing discharges of pollutants to the air and water, the management and disposal of hazardous substances and wastes and the clean-up of contaminated sites. The operation of our businesses entails risks under environmental laws and regulations. We could incur significant costs, including clean-up costs, fines and sanctions and claims by third parties for property damage and personal 

13

injury, as a result of violations of or liabilities under these laws and regulations. We are currently involved in a limited number of remedial investigations and actions at various locations. While based on information currently known to us, we believe that we maintain adequate reserves with respect to these matters, our liability could exceed forecasted amounts, and the imposition of additional clean-up obligations or the discovery of additional contamination at these or other sites could result in significant additional costs which could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, potentially significant expenditures could be required to comply with environmental laws and regulations, including requirements that may be adopted or imposed in the future.

Under applicable environmental laws, an owner or operator of real estate may be required to pay the costs of removing or remediating hazardous materials located on or emanating from property, whether or not the owner or operator knew of or was responsible for the presence of such hazardous materials. While we regularly engage in environmental due diligence in connection with acquisitions, we can give no assurance that locations that have been acquired or leased have been operated in compliance with environmental laws and regulations during prior periods or that future uses or conditions will not make us liable under these laws or expose us to third-party actions, including tort suits.

Increased global focus on climate change may result in the imposition of new or additional regulations or requirements applicable to, and increased financial risks for, our business and industry. A number of government authorities and agencies have introduced or are contemplating regulatory changes to address climate change, including the regulation of GHG emissions. The outcome of new legislation or regulation in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we operate may result in new or additional requirements, including to fund energy efficiency activities or renewable energy use, and fees or restrictions on certain activities or materials. Compliance with these climate change initiatives may also result in additional costs to us, including, among other things, increased production costs, additional taxes, additional investments in renewable energy use and other initiatives, reduced emission allowances or additional restrictions on production or operations. We may not be able to timely recover the cost of compliance with such new or more stringent laws and regulations, which could adversely affect our consolidated results of operations.

Our ability to achieve our environmental, social and governance goals are subject to risks, many of which are outside of our control, and our reputation and brands could be harmed if we fail to meet such goals.

Companies across all industries are facing increasing scrutiny from stakeholders related to ESG matters, including practices and disclosures related to environmental stewardship; social responsibility; diversity, equity and inclusion; and workplace rights. Our ability to achieve our ESG goals, including our goal to achieve Net Zero GHG emissions by 2050, and to accurately and transparently report our progress presents numerous operational, financial, legal and other risks, and may be dependent on the actions of suppliers and other third parties, all of which are outside of our control. If we are unable to meet our ESG goals or evolving stakeholder expectations and industry standards, or if we are perceived to have not responded appropriately to the growing concern for ESG issues, our reputation could be negatively impacted. In addition, in recent years, investor advocacy groups and certain institutional investors have placed increasing importance on ESG matters. If, as a result of their assessment of our ESG practices, certain investors are unsatisfied with our actions or progress, they may reconsider their investment in our Company.

As the nature, scope and complexity of ESG reporting, diligence and disclosure requirements expand, including the SEC’s recently proposed disclosure requirements regarding, among other matters, GHG emissions, we may have to undertake additional costs to control, assess and report on ESG metrics. Any failure or perceived failure, whether or not valid, to pursue or fulfill our ESG goals, targets and objectives or to satisfy various ESG reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could increase the risk of litigation.

Increases in income tax rates, changes in income tax laws or unfavorable resolution of tax matters could adversely impact our financial results.

Changes in tax laws or regulations in the jurisdictions in which we do business, or other tax law implementations or interpretations, could increase our effective tax rate, restrict our ability to repatriate undistributed offshore earnings, or impose new restrictions, costs or prohibitions on our current practices and reduce our net income and adversely affect our cash flows.

We are also subject to tax audits, including with respect to transfer pricing, in the U.S. and other jurisdictions and our tax positions may be challenged by tax authorities. Although we believe that our current tax provisions are reasonable and appropriate, there can be no assurance that these items will be settled for the amounts accrued, 

14

that additional tax exposures will not be identified in the future or that additional tax reserves will not be necessary for any such exposures. Any increase in the amount of taxation incurred as a result of challenges to our tax filing positions could result in a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated results of operations and consolidated financial condition.