AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS

Risk
Factors

Any of
the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or
prospects.  The risks described below are not the only risks facing
us.  Please be aware that additional risks and uncertainties not
currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial could also
materially and adversely affect our business operations.

Risks
Related to Our Business

If
we continue to experience access line losses like we have in the past several
years, our revenues, earnings and cash flows may be adversely
impacted.

Our
business generates a substantial portion of its revenues by delivering voice and
data services over access lines.  We have experienced access line
losses over the past several years, including a 5.7% decline during the year
ended December 31, 2007 (exclusive of the Madison River acquisition), due to a
number of factors, including increased competition and wireless and broadband
substitution, which are described further below.  We expect to
continue to experience access line losses in our markets for an unforeseen
period of time.  Our inability to retain access lines could adversely
impact our revenues, earnings and cash flow from operations.

We
face competition, which we expect to intensify.

As a
result of various technological, regulatory and other changes, the
telecommunications industry has become increasingly competitive, and we expect
these trends to continue.   In our LEC markets, we face
competition from wireless telephone services, which we expect to increase if
wireless providers continue to expand and improve their network coverage, offer
fixed-rate calling plans, lower their prices and offer enhanced
services.  In certain of our LEC markets, we also face competition
from cable television operators, CLECs and VoIP providers.  Over time,
we expect to face additional local exchange competition from more recent market
entrants, including (i) electric utility and satellite communications providers
and (ii) alternative networks or non-carrier systems designed to reduce demand
for our switching or access services.  The Internet, long distance and
data services markets are also highly competitive, and we expect that
competition will intensify in these and other markets that we
serve.  The recent proliferation of companies offering integrated
service offerings has further intensified competition in the markets we
serve.

We expect
competition to intensify as a result of new competitors and the development of
new products and services. Our competitive position could be weakened by
strategic alliances or consolidation within the communications industry or the
development of new technologies.  We cannot predict which future
products or services will be important to maintain our competitive position or
what funding will be required to develop and provide these products or services.
Our ability to compete successfully will depend on how well we market our
products and services and on our ability to anticipate and respond to various
competitive and technological factors affecting the industry, including changes
in regulation (which may affect us differently from our competitors), changes in
consumer preferences or demographics, and changes in the product offerings or
pricing strategies of our competitors.

Many of
our current and potential competitors have market presence, engineering,
technical and marketing capabilities and financial, personnel and other
resources substantially greater than ours. In addition, some of our competitors
own larger and more diverse networks, can conduct operations or raise capital at
a lower cost than we can, are subject to less regulation, have lower benefit
plan costs, offer greater online content services, or have substantially
stronger brand names. Consequently, some competitors may be better equipped than
us to charge lower prices for their products and services, to provide more
attractive offerings, to develop and expand their communications and network
infrastructures more quickly, to adapt more swiftly to new or emerging
technologies and changes in customer requirements, and to devote greater
resources to the marketing and sale of their products and services.

Competition
could adversely impact us in several ways, including (i) the loss of customers
and market share, (ii) the possibility of customers reducing their usage of our
services or shifting to less profitable services, (iii) reduced traffic on our
networks, (iv) our need to expend substantial time or money on new capital
improvement projects, (v) our need to lower prices or increase marketing
expenses to remain competitive and (vi) our inability to diversify by
successfully offering new products or services.

We
could be harmed by rapid changes in technology.

The
communications industry is experiencing significant technological changes,
particularly in the areas of VoIP, data transmission and wireless
communications.  Several large electric utilities have announced plans
to offer communications services that will compete with LECs.  Some of
our competitors may enjoy network advantages that will enable them to provide
services more efficiently or at lower cost.  Rapid changes in
technology could result in the development of additional products or services
that compete with or displace those offered by traditional LECs, or that enable
current customers to reduce or bypass use of our networks.  We cannot
predict with certainty which technological changes will provide the greatest
threat to our competitive position.  We may not be able to obtain
timely access to new technology on satisfactory terms or incorporate new
technology into our systems in a cost effective manner, or at all.  If
we cannot develop new products to keep pace with technological advances, or if
such products are not widely embraced by our customers, we could be adversely
impacted.

We
cannot assure you that our diversification efforts will be
successful.

Due to
the above-cited changes, the telephone industry has recently experienced a
decline in access lines and intrastate minutes of use.  This decline
in access lines and usage, coupled with the other changes resulting from
competitive, technological and regulatory developments, could materially
adversely affect our core business and future prospects. Exclusive of the
Madison River acquisition, our access lines declined 5.7% in 2007.  Based
on our planned results for recent sales and retention initiatives, we are
targeting our access line loss to be between 4.5% and 6.0% in
2008.  We also earned less intrastate revenues in 2007 due to
reductions in intrastate minutes of use (partially due to the displacement of
minutes of use by wireless, electronic mail and other optional calling
services).  We believe our intrastate minutes of use will continue to
decline, although the magnitude of such decrease is uncertain.

We have
traditionally sought growth largely through acquisitions of properties similar
to those currently operated by us.  However, we cannot assure you that