AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS

Risk Factors

Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or prospects.  The risks described below are not the only risks facing us.  Please be aware that additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial could also materially and adversely affect our business operations.

Risks Related to Our Business

If we continue to experience access line losses similar to the past several years, our revenues, earnings and cash flows may be adversely impacted.

Our business generates a substantial portion of its revenues by delivering voice and data services over access lines.  We have experienced substantial access line losses over the past several years due to a number of factors, including increased competition and wireless and broadband substitution.  We expect to continue to experience access line losses in our markets for the foreseeable future.  Our inability to retain access lines could adversely impact our revenues, earnings and cash flow from operations.

We face competition, which we expect to intensify and which may reduce market share and lower profits.

As a result of various technological, regulatory and other changes, the telecommunications industry has become increasingly competitive.  We face competition from (i) wireless telephone services, which is expected to increase as wireless providers continue to expand and improve their network coverage and offer enhanced services, (ii) cable television operators, (iii) CLECs, (iv) VoIP and broadband service providers, (v) alternative networks or non-carrier systems designed to reduce demand for our switching or access services and (vi) resellers, sales agents and facilities-based providers that either use their own networks or lease parts of our networks.  Over time, we expect to face additional local exchange competition from electric utilities, satellite communications providers and municipalities.  The recent proliferation of companies offering integrated service offerings has intensified competition in Internet, long distance and data services markets, and we expect that competition will further intensify in these markets.

25

Our competitive position could be weakened in the future by strategic alliances or consolidation within the communications industry or the development of new technologies. Our ability to compete successfully will depend on how well we market our products and services and on our ability to anticipate and respond to various competitive and technological factors affecting the industry, including changes in regulation (which may affect us differently from our competitors), changes in consumer preferences or demographics, and changes in the product offerings or pricing strategies of our competitors.

Some of our current and potential competitors (i) offer a more comprehensive range of communications products and services, (ii) have market presence, engineering and technical capabilities, and financial and other resources substantially greater than ours, (iii) own larger and more diverse networks, (iv) conduct operations or raise capital at a lower cost than us, (v) are subject to less regulation, (vi) offer greater online content services or (vii) have substantially stronger brand names. Consequently, these competitors may be better equipped to charge lower prices for their products and services, to provide more attractive offerings, to develop and expand their communications and network infrastructures more quickly, to adapt more swiftly to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, and to devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products and services.

Competition could adversely impact us in several ways, including (i) the loss of customers and market share, (ii) the possibility of customers reducing their usage of our services or shifting to less profitable services, (iii) reduced traffic on our networks, (iv) our need to expend substantial time or money on new capital improvement projects, (v) our need to lower prices or increase marketing expenses to remain competitive and (vi) our inability to diversify by successfully offering new products or services.

Changes in technology could harm us.

The communications industry is experiencing significant technological changes, particularly in the areas of VoIP, data and video transmission and electronic and wireless communications.  The growing prevalence of electronic mail and other non-voice communications continues to reduce demand for many of our products and services.  Other changes in technology could result in the development of additional products or services that compete with or displace those offered by ILECs, or that enable current customers to reduce or bypass use of our networks.  Some of our competitors may enjoy network advantages that will enable them to provide services that have a greater market acceptance than ours.  Technological change could also require us to expend capital or other resources in excess of currently contemplated levels, or to forego the development or provision of products or services that others can provide more efficiently.  We cannot predict with certainty which technological changes will provide the greatest threat to our competitive position.  We may not be able to obtain timely access to new technology on satisfactory terms or incorporate new technology into our systems in a cost effective manner, or at all.  If we cannot develop new products to keep pace with technological advances, or if such products are not widely embraced by our customers, we could be adversely impacted.

26

We cannot assure you that our diversification efforts will be successful.

The telephone industry has recently experienced a decline in access lines and intrastate minutes of use, which, coupled with the other changes resulting from competitive, technological and regulatory developments, could materially adversely affect our core business and future prospects.  As explained in greater detail elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our access lines (excluding the effect of acquisitions) have decreased over the last several years, and we expect this trend to continue.  We have also earned less network access revenues in recent years due to reductions in access rates and minutes of use (partially due to the displacement of minutes of use by wireless, electronic mail, text messaging, arbitrage and other optional calling services).  We believe that our access rates and minutes of use will continue to decline, although the magnitude of such decrease is uncertain.

Recently, we broadened the scope of our service bundles by offering satellite television provided by DIRECTV and wireless voice services provided by Verizon Wireless.  As noted in further detail below, our reliance on other companies and their networks to provide these services could constrain our flexibility and limit the profitability of these new offerings.  We also provide facilities-based digital video services to select markets and may initiate other new service or product offerings in the future.  We anticipate that these new offerings will generate lower profit margins than many of our traditional services.  Moreover, our new product or service offerings could be constrained by intellectual property rights held by others, or could subject us to the risk of infringement claims brought against us by others.  For these and other reasons, we cannot assure you that our recent or future diversification efforts will be successful.

Future deterioration in our financial performance could adversely impact our credit ratings, our cost of capital and our access to the capital markets.

Our ability to attract more customers or expand our services may be constrained.

To partially offset the loss of revenues from declining access lines, we have relied over the past several years upon growth in the number of customers subscribing to our long distance, broadband and enhanced telephone service offerings.  As increasing numbers of our existing or potential customers have subscribed to these services over the past several years, the growth rate in our revenues derived therefrom has slowed.  We expect this trend to continue as we increasingly saturate our markets with these services.

Weakness in the economy and capital markets may adversely affect our future results of operations.

To date, we have not been materially impacted by weaknesses in the credit markets over the past few years; however, these weaknesses may negatively impact our operations in the future if overall borrowing rates increase.  In addition, if the economy and credit markets continue to remain weak, it may impact our ability to collect our receivables.  This weakness may also cause our customers to reduce or terminate their receipt of service offerings from us.  Economic weakness could also negatively affect our vendors.  We cannot predict with certainty the impact to us of any further weakness in the overall economy and credit markets.

27

We are also exposed to market risk from changes in the fair value of our pension plan assets.  Should our actual return on plan assets be significantly lower than our anticipated return, our net periodic pension expense and our required cash contribution to our pension plan will increase in future periods.  Such events would negatively impact our results of operations and cash flow.

We may not be able to continue to grow through acquisitions.

We have traditionally sought growth largely through acquisitions of properties similar to those currently operated by us, such as those that we acquired from Embarq in 2009 and those that we have agreed to acquire from Qwest.  However, no assurance can be given that additional properties will in the future be available for purchase on terms attractive to us, particularly if they are burdened by regulations, pricing plans or competitive pressures that are new or different from those historically applicable to our incumbent properties.  Moreover, no assurance can be given that we will be able to arrange additional financing on terms acceptable to us or to obtain timely federal and state governmental approvals on terms acceptable to us, or at all.

Our future results will suffer if we do not effectively adjust to changes in our business, and will further suffer if we do not effectively manage our expanded operations.

The above-described changes in our industry have placed a higher premium on marketing, technological, engineering and provisioning skills.  Our acquisition of Embarq also significantly changed the composition of our markets and product mix, and completion of the pending Qwest merger would result in similar changes.  Our future success depends, in part, on our ability to retrain our staff to acquire or strengthen skills necessary to address these changes, and, where necessary, to attract and retain new personnel that possess these skills.

Following our pending acquisition of Qwest, we may continue to expand our operations through additional acquisitions, other strategic transactions, and new product and service offerings, some of which could involve complex technical, engineering, and operational challenges. Our future success depends, in part, upon our ability to manage our expansion opportunities, which pose substantial challenges for us to integrate new operations into our existing business in an efficient and timely manner, to successfully monitor our operations, costs, regulatory compliance and service quality, and to maintain other necessary internal controls.  We cannot assure you that our expansion or acquisition opportunities will be successful, or that we will realize our expected operating efficiencies, cost savings, revenue enhancements, synergies or other benefits.

Our relationships with other communications companies are material to our operations and expose us to a number of risks.

We originate and terminate calls for long distance carriers and other interexchange carriers over our networks in exchange for access charges that represent a significant portion of our revenues. If these carriers go bankrupt or experience substantial financial difficulties, or are otherwise unable to or unwilling to pay our access charges, our inability to timely collect access charges from them could have a negative effect on our business and results of operations.

28

In addition, certain of our operations carry a significant amount of voice and data traffic for larger communications companies.  As these larger communications companies consolidate or expand their networks, it is possible that they could transfer a significant portion of this traffic from our fiber network to their networks, which could have a negative effect on our business and results of operations.

We rely on certain reseller and sales agency arrangements with other companies to provide some of the services that we sell to our customers.  If we fail to extend or renegotiate these arrangements as they expire from time to time or if these other companies fail to fulfill their contractual obligations, we may have difficulty finding alternative arrangements. In addition, as a reseller or sales agent, we do not control the availability, retail price, design, function, quality, reliability, customer service or branding of these products and services, nor do we directly control all of the marketing and promotion of these products and services. To the extent that these other companies make decisions that negatively impact our ability to market and sell our products and services, our business plans and reputation could be negatively impacted.

Network disruptions or system failures could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition.

To be successful, we will need to continue providing our customers with a high capacity, reliable and secure network.  Some of the risks to our network and infrastructure include:

•

breaches of security, including sabotage, tampering, computer viruses and break-ins

•

power losses or physical damage, whether caused by fire, adverse weather conditions (including those described immediately below), terrorism or otherwise

•

capacity limitations

•

software and hardware defects or malfunctions, and

•

other disruptions that are beyond our control.

Disruptions or system failures may cause interruptions in service or reduced capacity for customers.  If service is not restored in a timely manner, agreements with our customers or service standards set by state regulatory commissions could obligate us to provide credits or other remedies.  If network security is breached, confidential information of our customers or others could be lost or misappropriated, and we may be required to expend additional resources modifying network security to remediate vulnerabilities.  The occurrence of any disruption or system failure may result in a loss of business, increase expenses, damage our reputation, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny or expose us to litigation and possible financial losses, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

29

We face hurricane and other natural disaster risks, which can disrupt our operations and cause us to incur substantial additional capital costs.

A substantial number of our access lines are located in Florida, Alabama, Louisiana, Texas, North Carolina, and South Carolina, and our operations there are subject to the risks associated with severe tropical storms, hurricanes and tornadoes, including downed telephone lines, power-outages, damaged or destroyed property and equipment, and work interruptions.

Although we maintain property and casualty insurance on our plant (excluding our outside plant) and may under certain circumstances be able to seek recovery of some additional costs through increased rates, only a portion of our additional costs directly related to such hurricanes and natural disasters have historically been recoverable. We cannot predict whether we will continue to be able to obtain insurance for hazard-related damages or, if obtainable and carried, whether this insurance will be adequate to cover our losses. In addition, we expect any insurance of this nature to be subject to substantial deductibles and to provide for premium adjustments based on claims. Any future hazard-related costs and work interruptions could adversely affect our operations and our financial condition.

Any failure or inadequacy of our information technology infrastructure could harm our business.

The capacity, reliability and security of our internal information technology hardware and software infrastructure (including our billing systems) are important to the operation of our current business, which would suffer in the event of system failures.  Likewise, our ability to expand and update our information technology infrastructure in response to our growth and changing needs is important to the continued implementation of our new service offering initiatives.  Our inability to expand or upgrade our technology infrastructure could have adverse consequences, which could include the delayed implementation of new service offerings, increased acquisition integration costs, service or billing interruptions, and the diversion of development resources.

We rely on a limited number of key suppliers and vendors to operate our business.

We depend on a limited number of suppliers and vendors for equipment and services relating to our network infrastructure.  Our local exchange carrier networks consist of central office and remote sites, all with advanced digital switches.  If any of these suppliers experience interruptions or other problems delivering or servicing these network components on a timely basis, our operations could suffer significantly.  To the extent that proprietary technology of a supplier is an integral component of our network, we may have limited flexibility to purchase key network components from alternative suppliers.  In addition, we rely on a limited number of software vendors to support our business management systems.  In the event it becomes necessary to seek alternative suppliers and vendors, we may be unable to obtain satisfactory replacement supplies or services on economically attractive terms, on a timely basis, or at all, which could increase costs or cause disruptions in our services.

30

We may not own or have a license to use all technology that may be necessary to expand our product offerings, either of which could adversely affect our business and profitability.

From time to time, we may need to obtain the right to use certain patents or other intellectual property from third parties to be able to offer new products and services.  If we cannot license or otherwise obtain rights to use any required technology from a third party on reasonable terms, our ability to offer new products and services, including IP-based offerings, may be restricted, made more costly or delayed.  Our inability to implement IP-based or other new offerings on a cost-effective basis could impair our ability to successfully meet increasing competition from companies offering voice or integrated communications services.  Our inability to deploy new technologies could also prevent us from successfully diversifying, modifying or bundling our service offerings and result in accelerated loss of access lines and revenues or otherwise adversely affect our business and profitability.

Portions of our property, plant and equipment are located on property owned by third parties.

Over the past few years, certain utilities, cooperatives and municipalities in certain of the states in which we operate have requested significant rate increases for attaching our plant to their facilities.  To the extent that these entities are successful in increasing the amount we pay for these attachments, our future operating costs will increase.

In addition, we rely on rights-of-way, collocation agreements and other authorizations granted by governmental bodies and other third parties to locate our cable, conduit and other network equipment on their respective properties.  If any of these authorizations terminate or lapse, our operations could be adversely affected.

We depend on key members of our senior management team.

Our success depends largely on the skills, experience and performance of a limited number of senior officers.  Competition for senior management in our industry is intense and we may have difficulty retaining our current senior officers or attracting new ones in the event of terminations or resignations.  For a discussion of similar retention concerns relating to the Embarq merger and the pending Qwest merger, please see the risks described below under the headings “– Risks Related to our Acquisition of Embarq on July 1, 2009” and “ – Risks Relating to Our Pending Acquisition of Qwest.”

We could be affected by certain changes in labor matters.

A substantial number of our employees are members of various bargaining units represented by two different unions.  From time to time, our labor agreements with these unions lapse, and we typically negotiate the terms of new agreements.  We cannot predict the outcome of these negotiations.  We may be unable to reach new agreements, and union employees may engage in strikes, work slowdowns or other labor actions, which could materially disrupt our ability to provide services.  In addition, new labor agreements may impose significant new costs on us, which could impair our financial condition or results of operations in the future.  To the extent they contain benefit provisions, these agreements also limit our flexibility to change benefits in response to industry or competitive changes.  In particular, the post-employment benefits provided under these agreements cause us to incur costs not faced by many of our competitors, which could ultimately hinder our competitive position.

31

Risks Relating to Our Pending Acquisition of Qwest

Our ability to complete the Qwest merger is subject to the receipt of consents and approvals from government entities, which may impose conditions that could have an adverse effect on us or could cause us to abandon the merger.

We are unable to complete the merger until we receive approvals from the FCC and various state governmental entities.  In deciding whether to grant some of these approvals, the relevant governmental entity will make a determination of whether, among other things, the merger is in the public interest.  Regulatory entities may impose certain requirements or obligations as conditions for their approval or in connection with their review.

The Qwest merger agreement may require us to accept conditions from these regulators that could adversely impact the combined company without us having the right to refuse to close the merger on the basis of those regulatory conditions.  We can provide no assurance that we will obtain the necessary approvals or that any required conditions will not materially adversely effect us following the merger.  In addition, we can provide no assurance that these conditions will not result in the abandonment of the merger.

Failure to complete the Qwest merger could negatively impact us.

If the merger is not completed, our ongoing businesses may be adversely affected and we will be subject to several risks, including the following:

•

breaches of security, including sabotage, tampering, computer viruses and break-ins

•

power losses or physical damage, whether caused by fire, adverse weather conditions (including those described immediately below), terrorism or otherwise

•

capacity limitations

•

software and hardware defects or malfunctions, and

•

other disruptions that are beyond our control.

in each case, without realizing any of the benefits of having the merger completed.

The Qwest merger agreement contains provisions that could discourage a potential acquirer of CenturyLink or could result in any proposal being at a lower price than it might otherwise be.

The merger agreement contains “no shop” provisions that restrict our ability to solicit, encourage, facilitate or discuss third-party proposals to acquire all or a significant part of CenturyLink.  This and other provisions in the Qwest merger agreement could discourage a potential acquirer that might have an interest in acquiring all or a significant part of CenturyLink from considering or proposing that acquisition, or might result in a potential acquirer proposing to pay a lower price than it might otherwise have proposed to pay.

32

The pendency of the Qwest merger could adversely affect our business and operations.

In connection with the pending Qwest merger, some of our customers or vendors may delay or defer decisions, which could negatively impact our revenues, earnings, cash flows and expenses, regardless of whether the merger is completed.  Similarly, our current and prospective employees may experience uncertainty about their future roles with the combined company following the merger, which may materially adversely affect our ability to attract and retain key personnel during the pendency of the merger.  In addition, due to operating covenants in the merger agreement, we may be unable, during the pendency of the merger, to pursue strategic transactions, undertake significant capital projects, undertake certain significant financing transactions and pursue other actions that are not in the ordinary course of business, even if such actions would prove beneficial.

We expect to incur substantial expenses related to the Qwest merger.

We expect to incur substantial expenses in connection with completing the Qwest merger and integrating Qwest’s business, operations, networks, systems, technologies, policies and procedures of Qwest with ours.  There are a large number of systems that must be integrated, including billing, management information, purchasing, accounting and finance, sales, payroll and benefits, fixed asset, lease administration and regulatory compliance.  While we have assumed that a certain level of transaction and integration expenses will be incurred, there are a number of factors beyond our control that could affect the total amount or the timing of our integration expenses.  Many of the expenses that will be incurred, by their nature, are difficult to estimate accurately at the present time.  Moreover, we expect to commence these integration initiatives before we have completed a similar integration of our business with the business of Embarq, acquired in 2009, which could cause both of these integration initiatives to be delayed or rendered more costly or disruptive than would otherwise be the case.  Due to these factors, we expect the transaction and integration expenses associated with the Qwest merger to exceed in the near term our anticipated post-merger integration savings resulting from the elimination of duplicative expenses and the realization of economies of scale, many of which cannot be attained until several months or years after the merger.  As a result of these expenses, we expect to take charges against our earnings before and after the completion of the merger.  The charges taken after the merger are expected to be significant, although the aggregate amount and timing of such charges are uncertain at present.

Following the Qwest merger, the combined company may be unable to integrate successfully our business and Qwest’s business and realize the anticipated benefits of the merger.

The Qwest merger involves the combination of two companies which currently operate as independent public companies.  The combined company will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and operations of CenturyLink and Qwest. We may encounter difficulties in the integration process, including the following:

33

•

the inability to successfully combine our business and Qwest’s business in a manner that permits the combined company to achieve the cost savings and operating synergies anticipated to result from the merger, either due to technological challenges, personnel shortages, strikes or otherwise, any of which would result in the anticipated benefits of the merger not being realized partly or wholly in the time frame currently anticipated or at all;

•

lost sales as a result of customers of either of the two companies deciding not to do business with the combined company;

•

the complexities associated with managing the combined businesses out of several different locations and integrating personnel from the two companies, while at the same time attempting to provide consistent, high quality products and services under a unified culture;

•

the additional complexities of combining two companies with different histories, regulatory restrictions, markets and customer bases, and initiating this process before we have fully completed the integration of our operations with those of Embarq;

•

the failure to retain key employees of either of the two companies, some of whom could be critical to integrating the companies;

•

potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses or regulatory conditions associated with the merger; and

•

performance shortfalls at one or both of the two companies as a result of the diversion of management’s attention caused by completing the merger and integrating the companies’ operations.

For all these reasons, you should be aware that it is possible that the integration process could result in the distraction of the combined company’s management, the disruption of the combined company’s ongoing business or inconsistencies in the combined company’s products, services, standards, controls, procedures and policies, any of which could adversely affect our ability to maintain relationships with customers, vendors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger, or could otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results.

The Qwest merger will change the profile of our local exchange markets to include more large urban areas, with which we have limited operating experience.

Prior to the Embarq acquisition, we provided local exchange telephone services to predominantly rural areas and small to mid-size cities.  Although Embarq’s local exchange markets include Las Vegas, Nevada and suburbs of Orlando and several other large U.S. cities, we have operated these more dense markets only since mid-2009.  Qwest’s markets include Phoenix, Arizona, Denver, Colorado, Minneapolis — St. Paul, Minnesota, Seattle, Washington, Salt Lake City, Utah, and Portland, Oregon.  Compared to our legacy markets, these urban markets, on average, are substantially denser and have experienced greater access line losses in recent years.  While we believe our strategies and operating models developed serving rural and smaller markets can successfully be applied to larger markets, we can not assure you of this.  Our business, financial performance and prospects could be harmed if our current strategies or operating models cannot be successfully applied to larger markets following the merger, or are required to be changed or abandoned to adjust to differences in these larger markets.

34

Following the Qwest merger, we may be unable to retain key employees.

Our success after the merger will depend in part upon our ability to retain key Qwest and CenturyLink employees.  Key employees may depart either before or after the merger because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with us following the merger.  Accordingly, no assurance can be given that we will be able to retain key employees to the same extent that we or Qwest have been able to in the past.

Following the Qwest merger, we will conduct branding or rebranding initiatives that are likely to involve substantial costs and may not be favorably received by customers.

Prior to the merger, each of us will each continue to market our respective products and services using the “CenturyLink” and “Qwest” brand names and logos.  Following the merger, our Board of Directors has approved “CenturyLink” as the name and brand for the combined company.  As a result, we expect to incur substantial capital and other costs in rebranding the CenturyLink name in those markets that previously used the Qwest name.  The failure of any of these initiatives could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers after the merger, resulting in reduced revenues.

Any adverse outcome of the KPNQwest litigation or other material litigation of Qwest or CenturyLink could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results following the Qwest merger.

As described in further detail in Qwest’s reports filed with the SEC, the pending KPNQwest litigation presents material and significant risks to Qwest, and, following the merger, to the combined company. In the aggregate, the plaintiffs in these matters have sought billions of dollars in damages.

There are other material proceedings pending against Qwest and CenturyLink, as described in their respective reports filed with the SEC.  Depending on their outcome, any of these matters could have a material adverse effect on the financial position or operating results of Qwest, CenturyLink or, following the merger, the combined company.  We can give you no assurances as to the impact of these matters on our operating results or financial condition.

35

Counterparties to certain significant agreements with Qwest may exercise contractual rights to terminate such agreements following the Qwest merger.

Qwest is a party to certain agreements that give the counterparty a right to terminate the agreement following a “change in control” of Qwest.  Under most such agreements, the Qwest merger will constitute a change in control of Qwest and therefore the counterparty may terminate the agreement upon the closing of the merger.  Qwest has agreements subject to such termination provisions with significant customers, major suppliers and service providers.  In addition, certain Qwest customer contracts, including those with state or federal government agencies, allow the customer to terminate the contract at any time for convenience, which would allow the customer to terminate its contract before, at or after the closing of the merger.  Any such counterparty may request modifications of their respective agreements as a condition to their agreement not to terminate.  There is no assurance that such agreements will not be terminated, that any such terminations will not result in a material adverse effect, or that any modifications of such agreements to avoid termination will not result in a material adverse effect.

We may be unable to obtain security clearances necessary to perform certain Qwest government contracts.

Certain Qwest legal entities and officers have security clearances required for Qwest’s performance of customer contracts with various government entities.  Following the merger, it may be necessary for us to obtain comparable security clearances.  If we or our officers are unable to qualify for such security clearances, we may not be able to continue to perform such contracts.

We cannot assure you whether, when or in what amounts we will be able to use Qwest’s net operating losses following the Qwest merger.

As of December 31, 2010, Qwest had $5.6 billion of net operating losses, or NOLs, which for federal income tax purposes can be used to offset future taxable income, subject to certain limitations under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code and related regulations.  Our ability to use these NOLs following the Qwest merger may be further limited by Section 382 if Qwest is deemed to undergo an ownership change as a result of the merger or we are deemed to undergo an ownership change following the merger, either of which could potentially restrict use of a material portion of the NOLs.  Determining the limitations under Section 382 is technical and highly complex.  As a result, we cannot assure you that we will be able to use the NOLs after the merger in the amounts we project.

The pending Qwest merger raises other risks.

For information on other risks raised by the pending Qwest merger, please see (i) the risks described below under the heading “– Other Risks” and (ii) the joint proxy statement – prospectus filed by us with the SEC on July 19, 2010.

36

Risks Related to our Acquisition of Embarq on July 1, 2009

We have not yet fully integrated Embarq’s operations into our operations, which involves several risks.

We continue to incur substantial expenses in connection with integrating the business, operations, networks, systems, technologies, policies and procedures of Embarq with ours, which will likely result in us continuing to take significant charges against earnings in future quarters.  We cannot assure you that we will be able to successfully integrate our legacy business with Embarq’s business, or that we will be able to retain key employees affected by the Embarq merger.  For more information on these risks, please see (i) the risk factors included in Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009 and (ii) the risks described above under the heading “– Risks Relating to Our Pending Acquisition of Qwest” that discuss the costs and uncertainties associated with integrating Qwest’s operations into ours.

In connection with completing the Embarq merger, we launched branding initiatives that may not be favorably received by customers.

Upon completion of the Embarq merger, we changed our brand name to CenturyLink.  We have incurred substantial capital and operating costs in re-branding our products and services.  There is no assurance that we will be able to achieve name recognition or status under our new brand that is comparable to the recognition and status previously enjoyed.  The failure of these initiatives could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain customers after the merger, resulting in reduced revenues.

In connection with approving the Embarq merger, the Federal Communications Commission imposed conditions that could increase our future capital costs and limit our operating flexibility.

In connection with approving the Embarq merger, the FCC issued a publicly-available order that imposed a comprehensive set of conditions on our operations over periods ranging from one to three years following the closing date.  Among other things, these conditions commit us (i) to make broadband service available to all of our residential and single line business customers within three years of the closing, (ii) to meet various targets regarding the speed of our broadband services, and (iii) to enhance the wholesale service levels in our legacy markets to match the service levels in Embarq’s markets.  Although most of these commitments largely correspond to our business strategies, they could increase our overall future capital or operating costs or limit our flexibility to deploy capital in response to changing market conditions.  

In connection with completing the Embarq merger, we assumed various contingent liabilities and a sizable underfunded pension plan of Embarq, which could negatively impact our future financial position or performance.

Upon consummating the merger, Embarq became our wholly-owned subsidiary and remains responsible for all of its pre-closing contingent liabilities, including Embarq’s previously-disclosed tax sharing, retiree benefit litigation and environmental risks.  Embarq also remains responsible for benefits under its existing qualified defined benefit pension plan, which as of December 31, 2010 was in an underfunded position.  If any of these matters give rise to material liabilities, our consolidated operating results or financial position will be negatively affected.  Additional information regarding these risks is available in (i) Items 3 and 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and (ii) the periodic reports filed by Embarq with the SEC through the date of the merger.

37

Risks Related to Our Regulatory Environment

Our revenues could be materially reduced or our expenses materially increased by changes in state or federal regulations.

The majority of our revenues are substantially dependent upon regulations which, if changed, could result in material revenue reductions.  Laws and regulations applicable to us and our competitors have been and are likely to continue to be subject to ongoing changes and court challenges, which could also affect our financial performance.

Risk of loss or reduction of network access charge revenues or support fund payments
.  A significant portion of our revenues is derived from switched or special access charge revenues that are paid to us by other carriers based largely on rates set by federal and state regulatory bodies.  Interexchange carriers have filed complaints in various forums requesting reductions in our access rates.  In addition, several long distance providers have begun disputing amounts owed to us for carrying VoIP traffic, or refusing to pay such amounts.  Several state public service commissions are investigating intrastate access rates and the ultimate outcome and impact of such investigations are uncertain.

The FCC regulates tariffs for interstate switched access, special access and subscriber line charges, all of which are components of our revenue.  The FCC has been considering comprehensive reform of its intercarrier compensation rules for several years, including proposals included in its recently-released National Broadband Plan that, as proposed, are likely to reduce network access payments.  Any reform eventually adopted by the FCC will likely involve significant changes in the current access charge system and could potentially result in a significant decrease or elimination of access charges altogether.  In addition, we could be harmed if carriers that use our access services become financially distressed or bypass our networks, either due to changes in regulation or other factors.  Action or inaction by the FCC on intercarrier compensation could lead to disputes with other carriers that delay or prevent us from collecting the full amount of our established access charges.

The FCC and Congress may take actions that would impact our video programming access and pricing, which could adversely affect our ability to continue to expand our video business and our competitive position in our existing video markets.

We receive revenues from the USF, and, to a lesser extent, intrastate support funds.  These governmental programs are reviewed and amended from time to time, and we cannot provide assurance that they will not be changed or impacted in a manner adverse to us.  Over the past few years, high cost support fund payments to our operating subsidiaries have decreased due to increases in the nationwide average cost per loop factor used to determine payments to program participants, as well as declines in the overall size of the high cost support fund.  In addition, the number of eligible telecommunications carriers receiving support payments from this program has increased substantially in recent years, which, coupled with other factors, has placed additional financial pressure on the amount of money that is available to provide support payments to all eligible recipients, including us.  For several years, the FCC and others have considered comprehensive reforms of the federal USF contribution and distribution rules.  In April 2010, the FCC proposed to replace the USF with a broadband “Connect America” fund, the impact of which on us is currently unclear.

38

The FCC’s National Broadband Plan released on March 16, 2010 seeks comprehensive changes in federal communications regulations and programs that could, among other things, reduce or eliminate USF and access revenues for our local exchange companies.  We cannot predict the ultimate outcome of this plan or provide any assurances that its implementation will not have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition.

Risks posed by state regulations
.  We are also subject to the authority of state regulatory commissions which have the power to regulate intrastate rates and services, including local, in-state long-distance and network access services.  Under certain circumstances, our ILECs could be ordered to reduce rates or could experience rate reductions following the lapse of regulatory plans currently in effect.  Our business could also be materially adversely affected by the adoption of new laws, policies and regulations or changes to existing state regulations.  In particular, we cannot assure you that we will succeed in obtaining or maintaining all requisite state regulatory approvals for our operations without the imposition of adverse conditions on our business that impose additional costs or limit our revenues.

Risks posed by costs of regulatory compliance
.  Regulations continue to create significant compliance costs for us.  Challenges to our tariffs by regulators or third parties or delays in obtaining certifications and regulatory approvals could cause us to incur substantial legal and administrative expenses, and, if successful, such challenges could adversely affect the rates that we are able to charge our customers.  Our business also may be impacted by legislation and regulation imposing new or greater obligations related to regulations or laws related to bolstering homeland security, increasing disaster recovery requirements, minimizing environmental impacts, enhancing privacy, or addressing other issues that impact our business, including the Communications Assistance for Law Enforcement Act (which requires communications carriers to ensure that their equipment, facilities, and services are able to facilitate authorized electronic surveillance), and laws governing local number portability and customer proprietary network information requirements.  We expect our compliance costs to increase if future laws or regulations continue to increase our obligations to assist other governmental agencies.

Regulatory changes in the communications industry could adversely affect our business by facilitating greater competition against us.

The Telecommunications Act of 1996 fundamentally changed the communications industry, and resulted in increased competition among service providers.  This Act and the FCC’s implementing regulations remain subject to judicial review and additional rulemakings, thus making it difficult to predict what effect the legislation will ultimately have on us and our competitors.  Several regulatory and judicial proceedings addressing communications issues have recently concluded, are underway or may soon be commenced.  Moreover, certain communities nationwide have expressed an interest in establishing municipal telephone utilities that would compete for customers.  Finally, we could be adversely affected by programs or initiatives recently undertaken by Congress or the FCC, including (i) the federal broadband stimulus projects authorized by Congress in 2009; (ii) the FCC’s above-described National Broadband Plan; (iii) new “network neutrality” rules and; (iv) the proposed broadband “Connect America” replacement support fund.

39

We are subject to significant regulations that limit our flexibility.

As a diversified full service ILEC, we have traditionally been subject to significant regulation that does not apply to many of our competitors.  For instance, unlike many of our competitors, we are subject to federal mandates to share facilities, file and justify tariffs, maintain certain accounts and file reports, and state requirements that obligate us to offer service to all eligible customers in our service territories, require us to maintain service standards and limit our ability to change tariffs in a timely manner.  This regulation imposes substantial compliance costs on us and restricts our ability to change rates, to compete and to respond rapidly to changing industry conditions.  Although newer alternative forms of regulation permit us greater freedoms in several states in which we operate, they nonetheless typically impose caps on the rates that we can charge our customers.  As our business becomes increasingly competitive, regulatory disparities between us and our competitors could impede our ability to compete.  Litigation and different objectives among federal and state regulators could create uncertainty and impede our ability to respond to new regulations.  Moreover, changes in tax laws, regulations or policies could increase our tax rates, particularly if state regulators continue to search for additional revenue sources to address budget shortfalls.  We are unable to predict the future actions of the various regulatory bodies that govern us, but such actions could materially affect our business.

We are subject to franchising requirements that could impede our expansion opportunities.

We may be required to obtain from municipal authorities operating franchises to install or expand facilities.  Some of these franchises may require us to pay franchise fees.  These franchising requirements generally apply to our fiber transport and CLEC operations, and to our emerging switched digital television and wireless broadband businesses.  These requirements could delay us in expanding our operations or increase the costs of providing these services.

We will be exposed to risks arising out of recent legislation affecting U.S. public companies, including risks relating to evaluations of controls required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, and related regulations implemented by the SEC, the New York Stock Exchange and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, are increasing legal and financial compliance costs and making some activities more time consuming.  Any future failure to successfully or timely complete annual assessments of our internal controls required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act could subject us to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities.  Any such action could adversely affect our financial results or investors’ confidence in us, and could cause our stock price to fall.  If we fail to maintain effective controls and procedures, we may be unable to provide financial information in a timely and reliable manner, which could in certain instances limit our ability to borrow or raise capital.

40

Our current or prior operations could subject us to liabilities under laws governing the environment, health and safety.

Our operations are subject to a variety of environmental, safety, health and other governmental regulations.  We monitor our compliance with federal, state and local regulations governing the use, discharge and disposal of hazardous and environmentally sensitive materials.  Although we believe that we are in compliance with these regulations, the current or prior use, discharge or disposal of these materials by us or companies we have acquired could expose us to claims or actions that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results.

For a more thorough discussion of the regulatory issues that may affect our business, see Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Other Risks

We have a substantial amount of indebtedness and may need to incur more in the future.

We have a substantial amount of indebtedness, which could have material adverse consequences for us, including (i) hindering our ability to adjust to changing market, industry or economic conditions, (ii) limiting our ability to access the capital markets to refinance maturing debt or to fund acquisitions or emerging businesses, (iii) limiting the amount of free cash flow available for future operations, acquisitions, dividends, stock repurchases or other uses, (iv) making us more vulnerable to economic or industry downturns, including interest rate increases, and (v) placing us at a competitive disadvantage to those of our competitors that have less indebtedness.

As a result of assuming Qwest’s indebtedness in connection with the pending Qwest merger, we will become more leveraged.  This could reduce our credit ratings and thereby raise our borrowing costs.

In connection with executing our business strategies following the Qwest merger, we expect to continue to evaluate the possibility of acquiring additional communications assets and making strategic investments, and we may elect to finance future acquisitions by incurring additional indebtedness.  Moreover, to respond to competitive challenges, we may be required to raise substantial additional capital to finance new product or service offerings.  Other events that are currently unforeseen, such as higher than expected cash contributions to our benefit plans or significant payments arising out of the matters discussed in Items 1A or 3 of this annual report, could also require us to obtain additional financing or investigate other methods to generate cash.  Our ability to arrange additional financing will depend on, among other factors, our financial position and performance, as well as prevailing market conditions and other factors beyond our control.  We cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain additional financing on terms acceptable to us or at all.  If we are able to obtain additional financing, our credit ratings could be adversely affected, which could further raise our borrowing costs and further limit our future access to capital and our ability to satisfy our debt obligations.

41

Adverse changes in the value of assets or obligations associated with our employee benefit plans could negatively impact our financial results or financial position.

We maintain one or more qualified pension plans, non-qualified pension plans and post-retirement benefit plans, several of which are currently underfunded.  Adverse changes in interest rates or market conditions, among other assumptions and factors, could cause a significant increase in the benefit obligations under these plans or a significant decrease in the value of plan assets.  With respect to our qualified pension plans, adverse changes could require us to contribute a material amount of cash to the plans or could accelerate the timing of any required cash payments.  The process of calculating benefit obligations is complex.  The amount of required contributions to these plans in future years will depend on earnings on investments, prevailing discount rates, changes in the plans and funding laws and regulations.  Any future material cash contributions could have a negative impact on our financial results or financial position.

We have a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets on our balance sheet.  If our goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings and reduce our stockholders’ equity.

Under generally accepted accounting principles, intangible assets are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently whenever events or circumstances indicate that its carrying value may not be recoverable.  If our intangible assets are determined to be impaired in the future, we may be required to record a significant, non-cash charge to earnings during the period in which the impairment is determined.

We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue paying dividends at the current rate.

Based on current circumstances, we plan to continue our current dividend practices.  However, you should be aware that these practices are subject to change for reasons that may include any of the following factors:

•

we may not have enough cash to pay such dividends due to changes in our cash requirements, capital spending plans, cash flows or financial position;

•

decisions on whether, when and in which amounts to make any future distributions will remain at all times entirely at the discretion of our board of directors, which reserves the right to change our dividend practices at any time and for any reason;

•

the effects of regulatory reform, including any changes to intercarrier compensation, Universal Service Fund or special access rules;

42

•

our desire to maintain or improve the credit ratings on our senior debt;

•

the amount of dividends that we may distribute to our shareholders is subject to restrictions under Louisiana law and is limited by restricted payment and leverage covenants in our credit facilities and, potentially, the terms of any future indebtedness that we may incur; and

•

the amount of dividends that our subsidiaries may distribute to CenturyLink is subject to restrictions imposed by state law, restrictions that have been or may be imposed by state regulators in connection with obtaining necessary approvals for the Embarq merger and pending Qwest merger, and restrictions imposed by the terms of credit facilities applicable to certain subsidiaries and, potentially, the terms of any future indebtedness that these subsidiaries may incur.

Our Board of Directors is free to change or suspend our dividend practices at any time.  Our common shareholders should be aware that they have no contractual or other legal right to dividends.

Our current dividend practices could limit our ability to pursue growth opportunities.

The current practice of our Board of Directors to pay an annual $2.90 per common share dividend reflects an intention to distribute to our shareholders a substantial portion of our free cash flow.  As a result, we may not retain a sufficient amount of cash to finance a material expansion of our business in the future.  In addition, our ability to pursue any material expansion of our business, through acquisitions or increased capital spending, will depend more than it otherwise would on our ability to obtain third party financing.  We cannot assure you that such financing will be available to us at all, or at an acceptable cost.

As a holding company, we rely on payments from our operating companies to meet our obligations.

As a holding company, substantially all of our income and operating cash flow is dependent upon the earnings of our subsidiaries and their distribution of those earnings to us in the form of dividends, loans or other payments.  As a result, we rely upon our subsidiaries to generate the funds necessary to meet our obligations, including the payment of amounts owed under our long-term debt.  Our subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation to pay any amounts owed by us or, subject to limited exceptions for tax-sharing purposes, to make any funds available to us to repay our obligations, whether by dividends, loans or other payments.  Certain of our subsidiaries may be restricted under loan agreements or regulatory orders from transferring funds to us, including certain restrictions on the amount of dividends that may be paid to us.  Moreover, our rights to receive assets of any subsidiary upon its liquidation or reorganization will be effectively subordinated to the claims of creditors of that subsidiary, including trade creditors.  The notes to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K describe these matters in additional detail.

43

If conditions or assumptions differ from the judgments, assumptions or estimates used in our critical accounting policies, the accuracy of our financial statements and related disclosures could be affected.

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles requires us to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes.  For a discussion of our critical accounting policies, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates” in Item 7 of this annual report.  If future events or assumptions differ significantly from the judgments, assumptions and estimates in our critical accounting policies, these events or assumptions could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures.

Taxing authorities may determine we owe additional taxes relating to various matters, which could adversely affect our financial results.

As a significant taxpayer, we are subject to frequent and regular audits and examinations by the Internal Revenue Service, as well as state and local tax authorities.  These tax audits and examinations may result in tax liabilities that differ materially from those that we have recorded in our consolidated financial statements.  Because the ultimate outcomes of these matters are uncertain, we can give no assurance as to whether an adverse result from one or more of them will have a material effect on our financial results.

Our agreements and organizational documents and applicable law could limit another party’s ability to acquire us.

Our articles of incorporation provide for a classified board of directors, which limits the ability of an insurgent to rapidly replace the board.  In addition, a number of other provisions in our agreements and organizational documents and various provisions of applicable law may delay, defer or prevent a future takeover of CenturyLink unless the takeover is approved by our Board of Directors.  This could deprive our shareholders of any related takeover premium.

We face other risks.

The list of risks above is not exhaustive, and you should be aware that we face various other risks discussed in this or other reports, proxy statements or documents filed by us with the SEC.

Cautionary Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

This report and other documents filed by us under the federal securities laws include, and future oral or written statements or press releases by us and our management may include, certain forward-looking statements relating to CenturyLink or Qwest, the operations of either such company or our pending acquisition of Qwest, including without limitation statements with respect to CenturyLink’s or Qwest’s anticipated future operating and financial performance, financial position and liquidity, tax position, contingent liabilities, growth opportunities and growth rates, acquisition and divestiture opportunities, merger synergies, business prospects, regulatory and competitive outlook, investment and expenditure plans, investment results, financing opportunities and sources (including the impact of financings on our financial position, financial performance or credit ratings), pricing plans, strategic alternatives, business strategies, and other similar statements of expectations or objectives or accompanying statements of assumptions that are highlighted by words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “projects,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “hopes,” “likely,” “should,” “could,” and “may,” and variations thereof and similar expressions.  Such forward-looking statements are based upon our judgment and assumptions as of the date such statements are made concerning future developments and events, many of which are outside of our control.  These forward-looking statements, and the assumptions upon which such statements are based, are inherently speculative and are subject to uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ materially from such statements.  Anticipated events may not occur and the actual results or performance of CenturyLink or Qwest may differ materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected if one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or if underlying assumptions prove incorrect.  Factors that could impact the actual results of CenturyLink or Qwest include but are not limited to:

44

•

the extent, timing, success and overall effects of competition from wireless carriers, VoIP and broadband providers, CLECs, cable television companies and others, including without limitation the risks that these competitors may offer less expensive or more innovative products and services;

•

the risks inherent in rapid technological change, including without limitation the risk that new technologies will displace our products and services;

•

the effects of ongoing changes in the regulation of the communications industry, including without limitation (i) increased competition resulting from regulatory changes, (ii) the final outcome of various federal, state and local regulatory initiatives, disputes and proceedings that could impact our competitive position, revenues, compliance costs, capital expenditures or prospects, (iii) the effect of the National Broadband Plan, (iv) the reduction or elimination of revenues received from the federal Universal Service Fund or other current or future federal and state support programs designed to compensate communications companies operating in high-cost markets, (v) changes in the regulatory treatment of VoIP traffic, and (vi) changes in the regulation of special access;

•

our ability to effectively adjust to changes in the communications industry and changes in the composition of our markets and product mix caused by the Embarq merger and the pending Qwest merger;

•

the possibility that the anticipated benefits from the Embarq merger cannot be fully realized in a timely manner or at all, or that integrating Embarq’s operations into ours will be more difficult, disruptive or costly than anticipated;

45

•

our ability to (i) successfully complete our pending acquisition of Qwest, including timely receipt of the required regulatory approvals for the merger free of detrimental conditions, and (ii) timely realize the anticipated benefits of the transaction, including our ability after the closing to use the net operating losses of Qwest in the amounts projected;

•

our ability to effectively manage our expansion opportunities, including without limitation our ability to (i) effectively integrate newly-acquired or newly-developed businesses into our operations, (ii) attract and retain technological, managerial and other key personnel, (iii) achieve projected growth, revenue and cost savings targets from the Embarq acquisition and the pending Qwest acquisition within the timeframes anticipated, and (iv) otherwise monitor our operations, costs, regulatory compliance, and service quality and maintain other necessary internal controls;

•

possible changes in the demand for, or pricing of, our products and services, including without limitation reduced demand for our traditional telephone or access services caused by greater use of wireless, electronic mail or Internet communications, or other factors;

•

our ability to successfully introduce new product or service offerings on a timely and cost-effective basis, including without limitation our ability to (i) successfully roll out our new video and broadband services, (ii) expand successfully our full array of service offerings to new or acquired markets and (iii) offer bundled service packages on terms attractive to our customers;

•

our continued access to credit markets on favorable terms, including our continued access to financing in amounts, and on terms and conditions, necessary to support our operations and refinance existing indebtedness when it becomes due;

•

our ability to collect receivables from financially troubled communications companies;

•

the inability of third parties to discharge their commitments to us;

•

the outcome of pending litigation in which CenturyLink, Embarq or Qwest is involved, including the KPNQwest litigation matters in which plaintiffs have sought, in the aggregate, billions of dollars in damages from Qwest;

•

our ability to pay a $2.90 per common share dividend annually, which may be affected by changes in our cash requirements, capital spending plans, cash flows or financial position;

•

unanticipated increases in our capital expenditures;

•

our ability to successfully negotiate collective bargaining agreements on reasonable terms without work stoppages;

•

our ownership of or access to technology that may be necessary for us to operate or expand our business;

46

•

regulatory limits on our ability to change the prices for telephone services in response to industry changes;

•

impediments to our ability to expand through attractively priced acquisitions, whether caused by regulatory limits, financing constraints, a decrease in the pool of attractive target companies, or competition for acquisitions from other interested buyers;

•

uncertainties relating to the implementation of our business strategies, including the possible need to make abrupt and potentially disruptive changes in our business strategies due to changes in competition, regulation, technology, product acceptance or other factors;

•

the lack of assurance that we can compete effectively against better-capitalized competitors;

•

the impact of equipment failure, including potential network disruptions;

•

declines in the value of our business that result in non-cash earnings charges for goodwill impairment;

•

general worldwide economic conditions and related uncertainties;

•

the effects of adverse weather on our customers or properties;

•

other risks referenced in this report and from time to time in our other filings with the SEC;

•

the effects of more general factors, including without limitation:

•

changes in general industry and market conditions and growth rates

•

changes in labor conditions, including workforce levels and labor costs

•

changes in interest rates or other general national, regional or local economic conditions

•

changes in legislation, regulation or public policy, including changes that increase our tax rate

•

increases in capital, operating, medical, pension or administrative costs, or the impact of new business opportunities requiring significant up-front investments

•

changes in our relationships with vendors, or the failure of these vendors to provide competitive products on a timely basis

•

failures in our internal controls that could result in inaccurate public disclosures or fraud

•

changes in our debt ratings

47

•

unfavorable outcomes of regulatory proceedings and investigations, including rate proceedings and tax audits

•

losses or unfavorable returns on our investments in other communications companies

•

delays in the construction of our networks

•

changes in accounting policies, assumptions, estimates or practices adopted voluntarily or as required by generally accepted accounting principles.

For additional information, see the risk factors listed above in this report and the description of our business included as Item 1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.  Due to these uncertainties, we cannot assure you that our anticipated results will occur, that our judgments or assumptions will prove correct, or that unforeseen developments will not occur.  Accordingly, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance upon any of our forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made.  Additional risks that we currently deem immaterial or that are not presently known to us could also cause our actual results to differ materially from our expected results.  We undertake no obligation to update or revise any of our forward-looking statements for any reason, whether as a result of new information, future events or developments, changed circumstances, or otherwise.

Any information about our intentions contained in this annual report is a statement of our intentions as of the date of this document and is based upon, among other things, the regulatory, industry, competitive, economic and market conditions as of such date, as well as various of our assumptions at such time.  We may change our intentions, at any time and without notice, based upon any changes in such factors, in our assumptions or otherwise.

Investors should also be aware that while we do, at various times, communicate with securities analysts, it is against our policy to disclose to them selectively any material non-public information or other confidential information.  Accordingly, investors should not assume that we agree with any statement or report issued by an analyst irrespective of the content of the statement or report.  To the extent that reports issued by securities analysts contain any projections, forecasts or opinions, such reports are not our responsibility.