AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS

Risk
Factors

Any of
the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or
prospects.  The risks described below are not the only risks facing
us.  Please be aware that additional risks and uncertainties not
currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial could also
materially and adversely affect our business operations.

Risks
Related to Our Business

If we continue to experience access
line losses similar to the past several years, our revenues, earnings and cash
flows may be adversely impacted.

Our
business generates a substantial portion of its revenues by delivering voice and
data services over access lines.  We have experienced substantial
access line losses over the past several years due to a number of factors,
including increased competition and wireless and broadband
substitution.  We expect to continue to experience access line losses
in our markets for an unforeseen period of time.  Our inability to
retain access lines could adversely impact our revenues, earnings and cash flow
from operations.

26

Weakness
in the economy and credit markets may adversely affect our future results of
operations.

To date,
our operations and liquidity have not been materially impacted by recent
weaknesses in the credit markets; however, these weaknesses may negatively
impact our operations in the future if overall borrowing rates
increase.  In addition, if the economy and credit markets continue to
remain weak, it may impact our ability to collect receivables from our customers
and other communications companies.  This weakness may also cause our
customers to reduce or terminate their receipt of service offerings from
us.  Economic weakness could also negatively affect our
vendors.  Such events would negatively impact our results of
operations.  We cannot predict with certainty the impact to us of any
further deterioration or weakness in the overall economy and credit
markets.

We are
also exposed to market risk from changes in the fair value of our pension plan
assets.  Should our actual return on plan assets be significantly
lower than our anticipated return, our net periodic pension expense and our
required cash contribution to our pension plan will increase in future
periods.  Such events would negatively impact our results of
operations and cash flow.

We
face competition, which we expect to intensify and which may reduce market share
and lower profits.

As a
result of various technological, regulatory and other changes, the
telecommunications industry has become increasingly competitive.  We
face competition from wireless service providers, cable television
operators, competitive local exchange carriers and voice-over-Internet protocol,
or VoIP, providers.  Over time, we expect to face additional local
exchange competition from electric utility and satellite communications
providers, municipalities and alternative networks or non-carrier systems
designed to reduce demand for our switching or access services.  The
recent proliferation of companies offering integrated service offerings has
intensified competition in Internet, long distance and data services markets,
and we expect that competition will further intensify in these
markets.

Our
competitive position could be weakened in the future by strategic alliances or
consolidation within the communications industry or the development of new
technologies. Our ability to compete successfully will depend on how well we
market our products and services and on our ability to anticipate and respond to
various competitive and technological factors affecting the industry, including
changes in regulation (which may affect us differently from our competitors),
changes in consumer preferences or demographics, and changes in the product
offerings or pricing strategies of our competitors.

Some of
our current and potential competitors (i) have market presence, engineering,
technical and marketing capabilities and financial, personnel and other
resources substantially greater than ours, (ii) own larger and more diverse
networks, (iii) conduct operations or raise capital at a lower cost than us,
(iv) are subject to less regulation, (v) offer greater online content services
or (vi) have substantially stronger brand names. Consequently, these competitors
may be better equipped to charge lower prices for their products and services,
to provide more attractive offerings, to develop and expand their communications
and network infrastructures more quickly, to adapt more swiftly to new or
emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, and to devote
greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products and
services.

27

Competition
could adversely impact us in several ways, including (i) the loss of customers
and market share, (ii) the possibility of customers reducing their usage of our
services or shifting to less profitable services, (iii) reduced traffic on our
networks, (iv) our need to expend substantial time or money on new capital
improvement projects, (v) our need to lower prices or increase marketing
expenses to remain competitive and (vi) our inability to diversify by
successfully offering new products or services.

Changes
in technology could harm us.

The
communications industry is experiencing significant technological changes,
particularly in the areas of VoIP, data transmission and electronic and wireless
communications.  The growing prevalence of electronic mail and similar
digital communications continues to reduce demand for our traditional landline
voice services.  Other changes in technology could result in the
development of additional products or services that compete with or displace
those offered by traditional ILECs, or that enable current customers to reduce
or bypass use of our networks.  Several large electric utilities have
announced plans to offer communications services that will compete with local
exchange companies, or ILECs.  Some of our competitors may enjoy
network advantages that will enable them to provide services more efficiently or
at lower cost.  We cannot predict with certainty which technological
changes will provide the greatest threat to our competitive
position.  We may not be able to obtain timely access to new
technology on satisfactory terms or incorporate new technology into our systems
in a cost effective manner, or at all.  If we cannot develop new
products to keep pace with technological advances, or if such products are not
widely embraced by our customers, we could be adversely impacted.

We
cannot assure you that our diversification efforts will be
successful.

The
telephone industry has recently experienced a decline in access lines and
intrastate minutes of use, which, coupled with the other changes resulting from
competitive, technological and regulatory developments, could materially
adversely affect our core business and future prospects.  As explained
elsewhere in greater detail in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, our access lines
(excluding the effect of acquisitions) have decreased over the last several
years, and we expect this trend to continue.  We have also earned less
intrastate revenues in recent years due to reductions in intrastate minutes of
use (partially due to the displacement of minutes of use by wireless, electronic
mail, text messaging, arbitrage and other optional calling
services).  We believe that our intrastate minutes of use will
continue to decline, although the magnitude of such decrease is uncertain.
Likewise, similar reductions are occurring for interstate minutes of
use.

We have
traditionally sought growth largely through acquisitions of properties similar
to those currently operated by us.  However, no assurance can be given
that properties will be available for purchase on terms attractive to us,
particularly if they are burdened by regulations, pricing plans or competitive
pressures that are new or different from those historically applicable to our
incumbent properties.  Moreover, no assurance can be given that we
will be able to arrange additional financing on terms acceptable to us or to
obtain timely federal and state governmental approvals on terms acceptable to
us, or at all.

28

Recently,
we broadened our services and products by offering satellite television as part
of our bundled product and service offerings.  Our reliance on other
companies and their networks to provide these services could constrain our
flexibility and limit the profitability of these new offerings.  We
provide facilities-based digital video services to select markets and may
initiate other new service or product offerings in the future, including new
offerings exploiting the 700 MHz spectrum that we purchased in
2008.  We anticipate that these new offerings will generate lower
profit margins than many of our traditional services.  Moreover, our
new product or service offerings could be constrained by intellectual property
rights held by others, or could subject us to the risk of infringement claims
brought against us by others.  For these and other reasons, we cannot
assure you that our recent or future diversification efforts will be
successful.

Future
deterioration in our financial performance could adversely impact our credit
ratings, our cost of capital and our access to the capital markets.

Our
future results will suffer if we do not effectively adjust to changes in our
industry.

The
above-described changes in our industry have placed a higher premium on
marketing, technological, engineering and provisioning skills.  Our
future success depends, in part, on our ability to retrain our staff to acquire
or strengthen these skills, and, where necessary, to attract and retain new
personnel that possess these skills.

Our
future results will suffer if we do not effectively manage our expanded
operations.

Following
our acquisition of Embarq, we may continue to expand our operations through
additional acquisitions and new product and service offerings, some of which
involve complex technical, engineering, and operational challenges. Our future
success depends, in part, upon our ability to manage our expansion
opportunities, which pose substantial challenges for us to integrate new
operations into our existing business in an efficient and timely manner, to
successfully monitor our operations, costs, regulatory compliance and service
quality, and to maintain other necessary internal controls.  We cannot
assure you that our expansion or acquisition opportunities will be successful,
or that we will realize our expected operating efficiencies, cost savings,
revenue enhancements, synergies or other benefits.

 Network
disruptions or system failures could adversely affect our operating results and
financial condition.

To
be successful, we will need to continue providing our customers with a high
capacity, reliable and secure network.  Some of the risks to our
network and infrastructure include:

 ●

 power
 losses or physical damage to our access lines, whether caused by fire,
 adverse weather conditions (including those described immediately below),
 terrorism or otherwise

 ●

 capacity
 limitations

 ●

 software
 and hardware defects or
malfunctions

29

 ●

 breaches
 of security, including sabotage, tampering, computer viruses and
 break-ins, and

 ●

 other
 disruptions that are beyond our
control.

 Disruptions
or system failures may cause interruptions in service or reduced capacity for
customers.  If service is not restored in a timely manner, agreements
with our customers or service standards set by state regulatory commissions
could obligate us to provide credits or other remedies.  If network
security is breached, confidential information of our customers or others could
be lost or misappropriated, and we may be required to expend additional
resources modifying network security to remediate
vulnerabilities.  The occurrence of any disruption or system failure
may result in a loss of business, increase expenses, damage our reputation,
subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny or expose us to civil litigation
and possible financial losses that may not be fully covered through insurance,
any of which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations
and financial condition.

We
face hurricane and other natural disaster risks, which can disrupt our
operations and cause us to incur substantial additional capital
costs.

A
substantial number of our access lines are located in Florida, Alabama,
Louisiana, Texas, North Carolina, and South Carolina, and our operations there
are subject to the risks associated with severe tropical storms, hurricanes and
tornadoes, including downed telephone lines, power-outages, damaged or destroyed
property and equipment, and work interruptions.

Although
we maintain property and casualty insurance on our plant (excluding our
outside plant) and may under certain circumstances be able to seek recovery
of some additional costs through increased rates, only a portion of our
additional costs directly related to such hurricanes and natural disasters have
historically been recoverable. We cannot predict whether we will continue to be
able to obtain insurance for hazard-related damages or, if obtainable and
carried, whether this insurance will be adequate to cover our losses. In
addition, we expect any insurance of this nature to be subject to substantial
deductibles and to provide for premium adjustments based on claims. Any future
hazard-related costs and work interruptions could adversely affect our
operations and our financial condition.

Any
failure or inadequacy of our information technology infrastructure could harm
our business.

The
capacity, reliability and security of our information technology hardware and
software infrastructure (including our billing systems) are important to
the operation of our current business, which would suffer in the event of system
failures.  Likewise, our ability to expand and update our information
technology infrastructure in response to our growth and changing needs is
important to the continued implementation of our new service offering
initiatives.  Our inability to expand or upgrade our technology
infrastructure could have adverse consequences, which could include the delayed
implementation of new service offerings, service or billing interruptions, and
the diversion of development resources.

30

We
rely on a limited number of key suppliers and vendors to operate our
business.

We
depend on a limited number of suppliers and vendors for equipment and services
relating to our network infrastructure.  Our local exchange carrier
networks consist of central office and remote sites, all with advanced digital
switches.  Some of the digital switches were manufactured by Nortel,
which is currently restructuring its operations under the bankruptcy laws of
Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom.  If any of these
suppliers experience interruptions or other problems delivering or servicing
these network components on a timely basis, our operations could suffer
significantly.  To the extent that proprietary technology of a
supplier is an integral component of our network, we may have limited
flexibility to purchase key network components from alternative
suppliers.  We also rely on a limited number of other communications
companies in connection with reselling long distance, wireless and satellite
entertainment services to our customers.  In addition, we rely on a
limited number of software vendors to support our business management
systems.  In the event it becomes necessary to seek alternative
suppliers and vendors, we may be unable to obtain satisfactory replacement
supplies or services on economically attractive terms, on a timely basis, or at
all, which could increase costs or cause disruptions in our
services.

We
may not own or have a license to use all technology that may be necessary to
expand our product offerings, either of which could adversely affect our
business and profitability.

We
may need to obtain the right to use certain patents or other intellectual
property from third parties to be able to offer new products and
services.  If we cannot license or otherwise obtain rights to use any
required technology from a third party on reasonable terms, our ability to offer
new IP-based products and services, including VoIP, or other new offerings may
be restricted, made more costly or delayed.  Our inability to
implement IP-based or other new offerings on a cost-effective basis could impair
our ability to successfully meet increasing competition from companies offering
voice or integrated communications services.  Our inability to deploy
new technologies could also prevent us from successfully diversifying, modifying
or bundling our service offerings and result in accelerated loss of access lines
and revenues or otherwise adversely affect our business and
profitability.

Portions
of our property, plant and equipment are located on property owned by third
parties.

Over
the past few years, certain utilities, cooperatives and municipalities in
certain of the states in which we operate have requested significant rate
increases for attaching our plant to their facilities.   To the
extent that these entities are successful in increasing the amount we pay for
these attachments, our future operating costs will increase.

In
addition, we rely on rights-of-way, co-location agreements and other
authorizations granted by governmental bodies and other third parties to locate
our cable, conduit and other network equipment on their respective