AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS

Risk
Factors

 Any of
the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or
prospects.  The risks described below are not the only risks facing
us.  Please be aware that additional risks and uncertainties not
currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial could also
materially and adversely affect our business operations.

Risks
Related to Our Business

If
we continue to experience access line losses similar to the past several years,
our revenues, earnings and cash flows may be adversely impacted.

Our
business generates a substantial portion of its revenues by delivering voice and
data services over access lines.  We have experienced access line
losses over the past several years, including a 6.4% decline during the year
ended December 31, 2008, due to a number of factors, including increased
competition and wireless and broadband substitution.  We expect to
continue to experience access line losses in our markets for an unforeseen
period of time.  Our inability to retain access lines could adversely
impact our revenues, earnings and cash flow from operations.

Recent deterioration in the economy
and credit markets may adversely affect our future results of
operations.

To date,
our operations and liquidity has not been materially impacted by the current
credit environment; however, the recent tightening of the credit markets may
negatively impact our operations in the future if overall borrowing rates
increase.  In addition, if the economy and credit markets continue to
deteriorate, it may impact our ability to collect receivables from our customers
and other communications companies.  This deterioration may also cause
our customers to reduce or terminate their receipt of service offerings from us
due to their inability to pay for such services or to completely forego our
service offerings for other competitive services.  Such events would
negatively impact our results of operations.  We cannot predict with
certainty the impact to us of any further deterioration in the overall economy
and credit markets.

 We are
also exposed to market risk from changes in the fair value of our pension plan
assets.  Should our actual return on plan assets continue to be
significantly lower than our 8.25% expected return assumption, our net periodic
pension expense and our required cash contribution to our pension plan will
increase in future periods.  Such events would negatively impact our
results of operations and cash flow.

 26

 We
face competition, which we expect to intensify and which may reduce market share
and lower profits.

As a
result of various technological, regulatory and other changes, the
telecommunications industry has become increasingly competitive. We face
competition from (i) wireless telephone services, which we expect to increase if
wireless providers continue to expand and improve their network coverage, offer
fixed-rate calling plans, lower their prices and offer enhanced services and
(ii) cable television operators, competitive local exchange carriers and
voice-over-Internet protocol, or VoIP, providers.  Over time, we
expect to face additional local exchange competition from electric utility and
satellite communications providers and alternative networks or non-carrier
systems designed to reduce demand for our switching or access
services.  The recent proliferation of companies offering integrated
service offerings has intensified competition in Internet, long distance and
data services markets, and we expect that competition will further intensify in
these markets.

Our
competitive position could be weakened in the future by strategic alliances or
consolidation within the communications industry or the development of new
technologies. Our ability to compete successfully will depend on how well we
market our products and services and on our ability to anticipate and respond to
various competitive and technological factors affecting the industry, including
changes in regulation (which may affect us differently from our competitors),
changes in consumer preferences or demographics, and changes in the product
offerings or pricing strategies of our competitors.

Many of
our current and potential competitors (i) have market presence, engineering,
technical and marketing capabilities and financial, personnel and other
resources substantially greater than ours, (ii) own larger and more diverse
networks, (iii) conduct operations or raise capital at a lower cost than us,
(iv) are subject to less regulation, (v) offer greater online content services
or (vi) have substantially stronger brand names. Consequently, these competitors
may be better equipped to charge lower prices for their products and services,
to provide more attractive offerings, to develop and expand their communications
and network infrastructures more quickly, to adapt more swiftly to new or
emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, and to devote
greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products and
services.

Competition
could adversely impact us in several ways, including (i) the loss of customers
and market share, (ii) the possibility of customers reducing their usage of our
services or shifting to less profitable services, (iii) reduced traffic on our
networks, (iv) our need to expend substantial time or money on new capital
improvement projects, (v) our need to lower prices or increase marketing
expenses to remain competitive and (vi) our inability to diversify by
successfully offering new products or services.

 27

 We
could be harmed by rapid changes in technology.

The
communications industry is experiencing significant technological changes,
particularly in the areas of VoIP, data transmission and wireless
communications.  Several large electric utilities have announced plans
to offer communications services that will compete with LECs.  Some of
our competitors may enjoy network advantages that will enable them to provide
services more efficiently or at lower cost.  Rapid changes in
technology could result in the development of additional products or services
that compete with or displace those offered by traditional LECs, or that enable
current customers to reduce or bypass use of our networks.  We cannot
predict with certainty which technological changes will provide the greatest
threat to our competitive position.  We may not be able to obtain
timely access to new technology on satisfactory terms or incorporate new
technology into our systems in a cost effective manner, or at all.  If
we cannot develop new products to keep pace with technological advances, or if
such products are not widely embraced by our customers, we could be adversely
impacted.

We
cannot assure you that our diversification efforts will be
successful.

The
telephone industry has recently experienced a decline in access lines and
intrastate minutes of use, which, coupled with the other changes resulting from
competitive, technological and regulatory developments, could materially
adversely affect our core business and future prospects.  As explained
in greater detail elsewhere in this annual report, our access lines (excluding
the effect of acquisitions) have decreased over the last several years, and we
expect this trend to continue.  We also earned less intrastate
revenues in 2008 due to reductions in intrastate minutes of use (partially due
to the displacement of minutes of use by wireless, electronic mail and other
optional calling services).  We believe that our intrastate minutes of
use will continue to decline, although the magnitude of such decrease is
uncertain.

We have
traditionally sought growth largely through acquisitions of properties similar
to those currently operated by us.  However, we cannot assure you that