AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS

Risk
 Factors

Any
 of
 the following risks could materially and adversely affect our business,
 financial condition, results of operations, liquidity or prospects. The risks
 described below are not the only risks facing us. Please be aware that
 additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we
 currently deem to be immaterial could also materially and adversely affect
 our
 business operations.

Risks
 Related to Our Business

We
 face competition, which could adversely affect us.

As
 a
 result of various technological, regulatory and other changes, the
 telecommunications industry has become increasingly competitive, and we expect
 these trends to continue. As we discuss further below, competition has resulted
 in access line losses, which we expect will accelerate in 2006. In our LEC
 markets, we face competition from wireless telephone services, which we expect
 to increase if wireless providers continue to expand and improve their network
 coverage, lower their prices and offer enhanced services. In certain of our
 LEC
 markets, we face competition from cable television operators and CLECs. Over
 time, we expect to face additional local exchange competition from more recent
 market entrants, including VoIP providers and electric utilities, and we
 expect
 continued competition from alternative networks or non-carrier systems designed
 to reduce demand for our switching or access services. The Internet, long
 distance and data services markets are also highly competitive, and we expect
 that competition will intensify in these and other markets that we
 serve.

We
 expect
 competition to intensify as a result of new competitors and the development
 of
 new technologies, products and services. We cannot predict which future
 technologies, products or services will be important to maintain our competitive
 position or what funding will be required to develop and provide these
 technologies, products or services. Our ability to compete successfully will
 depend on how well we market our products and services and on our ability
 to
 anticipate and respond to various competitive and technological factors
 affecting the industry, including changes in regulation (which may affect
 us
 differently from our competitors), changes in consumer preferences or
 demographics, and changes in the product offerings or pricing strategies
 of our
 competitors. 

Many
 of
 our current and potential competitors have market presence, engineering,
 technical and marketing capabilities and financial, personnel and other
 resources substantially greater than ours. In addition, some of our competitors
 own larger and more diverse networks, can conduct operations or raise capital
 at
 a lower cost than we can, are subject to less regulation, have lower benefit
 plan costs, or have substantially stronger brand names. Consequently, some
 competitors may be able to charge lower prices for their products and services,
 to offer more attractive service bundles, to develop and expand their
 communications and network infrastructures more quickly, to adapt more swiftly
 to new or emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, and
 to
 devote greater resources to the marketing and sale of their products and
 services than we can. 

Competition
 could adversely impact us in several ways, including (i) the loss of customers
 and market share, (ii) the possibility of customers reducing their usage
 of our
 services or shifting to less profitable services, (iii) our need to lower
 prices
 or increase marketing expenses to remain competitive and (iv) our inability
 to
 diversify by successfully offering new products or services.

We
 could be harmed by rapid changes in technology.

The
 communications industry is experiencing significant technological changes,
 particularly in the areas of VoIP, data transmission and wireless
 communications. Recently, several large electric utilities have announced
 plans
 to offer communications services that compete with LECs. Some of our competitors
 may enjoy network advantages that will enable them to provide services more
 efficiently or at lower cost. Rapid changes in technology could result in
 the
 development of products or services that compete with or displace those offered
 by traditional LECs. We may not be able to obtain timely access to new
 technology on satisfactory terms or incorporate new technology into our systems
 in a cost effective manner, or at all. If we cannot develop new products
 to keep
 pace with technological advances, or if such products are not widely embraced
 by
 our customers, we could be adversely impacted.

We
 cannot assure you that our business will grow or that our diversification
 efforts will be successful.

Due
 to
 the above-cited changes, the telephone industry has recently experienced
 a
 decline in access lines, intrastate minutes of use and long distance minutes
 of
 use. While we have not in the past suffered as much as a number of other
 ILECs
 from recent industry challenges, the recent decline in access lines and usage,
 coupled with the other changes resulting from competitive, technological
 and
 regulatory developments, could materially adversely effect our core business
 and
 future prospects. Our access lines declined 4.3% in 2005 and we expect our
 access lines to decline between 4.5% and 5.5% in 2006. We also earned less
 intrastate revenues in 2005 due to reductions in intrastate minutes of use
 (partially due to the displacement of minutes of use by wireless, electronic
 mail and other optional calling services). We believe our intrastate minutes
 of
 use will continue to decline, although the magnitude of such decrease is
 uncertain. 

Until
 recently, we have traditionally sought growth largely through acquisitions
 of