In addition to the risks and
uncertainties detailed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, if any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected. In such case, the trading price
of our Common Stock could decline. 

A substantial portion of our assets and operations are located in India and we are subject
to regulatory, economic and political uncertainties in India. 

We intend to continue to develop and expand our offshore facilities in
India where, as of December 31, 2007, a majority of our technical professionals were located. While wage costs are lower in India than in the United States and other developed countries for comparably skilled professionals, wages in India are
increasing at a faster rate than in the United States, which could result in our incurring increased costs for technical professionals and reduced operating margins. In addition, there is intense competition in India for skilled technical
professionals and we expect that competition to increase. 

India has also experienced civil unrest and terrorism and has been involved in
conflicts with neighboring countries. In recent years, there have been military confrontations between India and Pakistan that have occurred in the region of Kashmir and along the India-Pakistan border. The potential for hostilities between the two
countries has been high in light of tensions related to recent terrorist incidents in India and the unsettled nature of the regional geopolitical environment, including events in and related to Afghanistan and Iraq. If India were to become engaged
in armed hostilities, particularly if these hostilities were protracted or involved the threat of or use of weapons of mass destruction, our operations would be materially adversely affected. In addition, U.S. companies may decline to contract with
us for services in light of international terrorist incidents or armed hostilities even where India is not involved because of more generalized concerns about relying on a service provider utilizing international resources. 

In the past, the Indian economy has experienced many of the problems confronting the economies of developing countries, including high inflation, erratic
gross domestic product growth and shortages of foreign exchange. The Indian government has exercised and continues to exercise significant influence over many aspects of the Indian economy, and Indian government actions concerning the economy could
have a material adverse effect on private sector entities, including us. In the past, the Indian government has provided significant tax incentives and relaxed certain regulatory restrictions in order to encourage foreign investment in specified
sectors of the economy, including the software development services industry. Programs that have benefited us include, among others, tax holidays, liberalized import and export duties and preferential rules on foreign investment and repatriation.
Notwithstanding these benefits, India’s central and state governments remain significantly involved in the Indian economy as regulators. In recent years, the Indian government has 

13 

Table of Contents

introduced non-income related taxes, including the fringe benefit tax and new service taxes. The elimination of any of the benefits realized by us from our
Indian operations or the imposition of new taxes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We are investing substantial cash assets in new facilities and physical infrastructure, and our profitability could be reduced if our business does not grow proportionately. 

As of December 31, 2007, we had contractual commitments of approximately $126.7 million related to capital expenditures on construction or
expansion of our IT development centers. We may encounter cost overruns or project delays in connection with new facilities. These expansions will likely increase our fixed costs and if we are unable to grow our business and revenues
proportionately, our profitability will be reduced. 

Our international sales and operations are subject to many uncertainties.

Revenues from customers outside North America represented approximately 17% of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2007,
14% of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2006 and 13% of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2005. We anticipate that revenues from customers outside North America will continue to account for a material portion of our
revenues in the foreseeable future and may increase as we expand our international presence, particularly in Europe. In addition, a majority of our employees and almost all of our IT development centers are located in India. As a result, we may be
subject to risks associated with international operations, including risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and risks associated with the application and imposition of protective legislation and regulations relating to
import or export or otherwise resulting from foreign policy or the variability of foreign economic conditions. From time to time, we may engage in hedging transactions to mitigate our risks relating to exchange rate fluctuations. Additional risks
associated with international operations include difficulties in enforcing intellectual property rights, the burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws, potentially adverse tax consequences, tariffs, quotas and other barriers and
potential difficulties in collecting accounts receivable. In addition, we may face competition in other countries from companies that may have more experience with operations in such countries or with international operations. We may also face
difficulties integrating new facilities in different countries into our existing operations, as well as integrating employees that we hire in different countries into our existing corporate culture. Our international expansion plans may not be
successful and we may not be able to compete effectively in other countries. There can be no assurance that these and other factors will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our operating results may be adversely affected by fluctuations in the Indian rupee and other foreign currency exchange rates. 

Although we report our operating results in U.S. dollars, a portion of our revenues and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the
U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates can have a number of adverse effects on us. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenues, expenses and income, as well
as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Therefore, changes in the value of the U.S. dollar against other currencies will affect our revenues, income from
operations and the value of balance-sheet items originally denominated in other currencies. During the year ended December 31, 2007, the appreciation of the Indian rupee versus the U.S. dollar negatively impacted our operating margins by
210 basis points or 2.1 percentage points as compared to 2006. There is no guarantee that our financial results will not be adversely affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations, including further appreciation of the Indian rupee
versus the U.S. dollar, or that any efforts by us to engage in currency hedging activities would be effective. In addition, in some countries we could be subject to strict restrictions on the movement of cash and the exchange of foreign currencies,
which could limit our ability to use this cash across our global operations. Finally, as we continue to leverage our global delivery model, more of our expenses are incurred in currencies other than those in which we bill for the related services.
An increase in the value of certain currencies, such as the Indian rupee, against the U.S. dollar could increase costs for delivery of services at off-shore sites by increasing labor and other costs that are denominated in local currency.

We face intense competition from other IT service providers. 

The intensely competitive IT professional services market includes a large number of participants and is subject to rapid change. This market includes
participants from a variety of market segments, including: 

•

 systems integration firms; 

•

 contract programming companies; 

•

 application software companies; 

•

 Internet solutions providers; 

14 

Table of Contents

•

 the professional services groups of computer equipment companies; and 

•

 infrastructure management and outsourcing companies. 

The market also includes numerous smaller local competitors in the various geographic markets in which we operate. Our direct competitors who use the on-site/offshore business model include, among others, Infosys
Technologies, Tata Consultancy Services and WIPRO. In addition, many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources and greater name recognition than we do. Some of these larger competitors, such as
Accenture, Electronic Data Systems and IBM Global Services, have offshore operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to sustain our current levels of profitability or growth as competitive pressures, including competition for skilled IT
development professionals and pricing pressure from competitors employing an on-site/offshore business model, increase. 

We may not be
able to sustain our current level of profitability. 

For the year ended December 31, 2007 and the year ended December 31,
2006, we had an operating margin of 17.9% and 18.2%, respectively, compared to an operating margin of 20.1% for the year ended December 31, 2005. Our operating margin has declined as a result of the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting
Standard (SFAS) No. 123R, “Share-Based Payment,” which required us to record stock compensation expense for equity-based compensation awards, primarily stock option grants by us, in our consolidated statement of operations effective
January 1, 2006. In addition, effective April 1, 2007, the government in India has imposed a fringe benefit tax on the company for the income generated upon the exercise of stock options or vesting of performance stock units for employees
who worked in India during the vesting period for such award. Although we recover the fringe benefit tax from the employee’s proceeds upon sale or vesting of the stock-based compensation award, we are required under U.S. GAAP to record the
fringe benefit tax as an operating expense, reducing our profitability, while the recovery of the fringe benefit tax by us from the employee is reported as an addition to additional paid-in capital. Our operating margin may decline further if we
experience declines in demand and pricing for our services, imposition of new non-income related taxes or due to adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. In addition, wages in India are increasing at a faster rate than in the United
States, which could result in us incurring increased costs for technical professionals. Additionally, the number and type of equity-based compensation awards and the assumptions used in valuing equity-based compensation awards may change resulting
in increased stock compensation expense and lower margins. Although we have been able to partially offset wage increases and foreign currency fluctuations through further leveraging of our low-cost operating structure, obtaining price increases, and
issuing a lower number of stock options and other equity-based compensation awards in proportion to our overall headcount, we cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to do so in the future. 

Our business will suffer if we fail to develop new services and enhance our existing services in order to keep pace with the rapidly evolving
technological environment. 

The IT services market is characterized by rapid technological change, evolving industry standards,
changing customer preferences and new product and service introductions. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop solutions that keep pace with changes in the IT services market. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in
developing new services addressing evolving technologies on a timely or cost-effective basis or, if these services are developed, that we will be successful in the marketplace. In addition, we cannot assure you that products, services or
technologies developed by others will not render our services non-competitive or obsolete. Our failure to address these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our ability to remain competitive will also depend on our ability to design and implement, in a timely and cost-effective manner, solutions for customers
that both leverage their legacy systems and appropriately utilize newer technologies such as Web 2.0 models, software-as-a-service, and service oriented architectures. Our failure to design and implement solutions in a timely and cost-effective
manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We may face difficulties in
providing end-to-end business solutions for our clients that could cause clients to discontinue their work with us, which in turn could harm our business. 

We have been expanding the nature and scope of our engagements and have added new service offerings, such as IT consulting, business process outsourcing, systems integration and outsourcing of entire portions of IT
infrastructure. The success of these service offerings is dependent, in part, upon continued demand for such services by our existing and new clients and our ability to meet this demand in a cost-competitive and effective manner. In addition, our
ability to effectively offer a wider breadth of end-to-end business solutions depends on our ability to attract existing or new clients to these service offerings. To obtain engagements for such end-to-end solutions, we also are more likely to
compete with large, well-established international consulting firms, resulting in increased competition and marketing costs. Accordingly, we cannot be certain that our new service offerings will effectively meet client needs or that we will be able
to attract existing and new clients to these service offerings. 

15 

Table of Contents

The increased breadth of our service offerings may result in larger and more complex projects with our
clients. This will require us to establish closer relationships with our clients and a thorough understanding of their operations. Our ability to establish such relationships will depend on a number of factors, including the proficiency of our IT
professionals and our management personnel. Our failure to understand our client requirements or our failure to deliver services which meet the requirements specified by our clients could result in termination of client contracts, and we could be
liable to our clients for significant penalties or damages. 

Larger projects may involve multiple engagements or stages, and there is a
risk that a client may choose not to retain us for additional stages or may cancel or delay additional planned engagements. These terminations, cancellations or delays may result from the business or financial condition of our clients or the economy
generally, as opposed to factors related to the quality of our services. Such cancellations or delays make it difficult to plan for project resource requirements, and inaccuracies in such resource planning may have a negative impact on our
profitability. 

Our results of operations may be affected by the rate of growth in the use of technology in business and the type and
level of technology spending by our clients. 

Our business depends in part upon continued growth in the use of technology in business
by our clients and prospective clients and their customers and suppliers. In challenging economic environments, our clients may reduce or defer their spending on new technologies in order to focus on other priorities. At the same time, many
companies have already invested substantial resources in their current means of conducting commerce and exchanging information, and they may be reluctant or slow to adopt new approaches that could disrupt existing personnel, processes and
infrastructures. If the growth of use of technology in business or our clients’ spending on technology in business declines, or if we cannot convince our clients or potential clients to embrace new technology solutions, our results of
operations could be adversely affected. 

Competition for highly skilled technical personnel is intense and the success of our business
depends on our ability to attract and retain highly skilled professionals. 

Our future success will depend to a significant extent on
our ability to attract, train and retain highly skilled IT development professionals. In particular, we need to attract, train and retain project managers, IT engineers and other senior technical personnel. We believe there is a shortage of, and
significant competition for, IT development professionals in the United States and India with the advanced technological skills necessary to perform the services we offer. We have subcontracted, to a limited extent in the past, and may do so in the
future, with other service providers in order to meet our obligations to our customers. Our ability to maintain and renew existing engagements and obtain new business will depend, in large part, on our ability to attract, train and retain technical
personnel with the skills that keep pace with continuing changes in information technology, evolving industry standards and changing customer preferences. Further, we must train and manage our growing work force, requiring an increase in the level
of responsibility for both existing and new management personnel. We cannot assure you that the management skills and systems currently in place will be adequate or that we will be able to train and assimilate new employees successfully. Our failure
to attract, train and retain current or future employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our growth may be hindered by immigration restrictions. 

Our future success will depend on our
ability to attract and retain employees with technical and project management skills from developing countries, especially India. The vast majority of our IT professionals in the United States and in Europe are Indian nationals. The ability of
Indian nationals to work in the United States depends on their ability and our ability to obtain the necessary visas and work permits. 

The
H-1B visa classification enables U.S. employers to hire qualified foreign workers in positions that require an education at least equal to a Baccalaureate Degree in the United States in specialty occupations such as IT systems engineering and
systems analysis. The H-1B visa usually permits an individual to work and live in the United States for a period of up to six years. Under certain circumstances, H-1B visa extensions after the six-year period may be available. There is a limit on
the number of new H-1B petitions that United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, or CIS, one of the successor agencies to the Immigration and Naturalization Service, may approve in any federal fiscal year, and in years in which this limit
is reached, we may be unable to obtain H-1B visas necessary to bring foreign employees to the United States. In the current federal fiscal year, the limit is 65,000. The fiscal year 2008 cap was reached on April 2, 2007. The fiscal year 2008
cap of 20,000 for graduates of U.S. advanced degree programs was reached on April 30, 2007. The fiscal year 2007 cap was reached on May 26, 2006. The fiscal year 2007 cap of 20,000 for graduates of U.S. advanced degree programs was reached
on July 26, 2006. We will be able to file H-1B applications against the fiscal year 2009 cap beginning on April 1, 

16 

Table of Contents

2008 for work in H-1B status beginning on October 1, 2008. Each year the H-1B cap is reached at an earlier point prior to the beginning of the fiscal
year for which the H-1B’s will be available. However, as a part of our advanced planning process, we believe that we have sufficient employees visa-ready to meet our anticipated business growth in the current year. In addition, there are strict
labor regulations associated with the H-1B visa classification. Larger users of the H-1B visa program are often subject to investigations by the Wage and Hour Division of the United States Department of Labor. A finding by the United States
Department of Labor of willful or substantial failure by us to comply with existing regulations on the H-1B classification may result in back-pay liability, substantial fines, and/or a ban on future use of the H-1B program and other immigration
benefits. We are currently subject to such an investigation as described in the immediately following risk factor. 

We also regularly
transfer employees from India to the United States to work on projects and at client sites, using the L-1 visa classification. The L-1 visa allows companies abroad to transfer certain managers, executives and employees with specialized company
knowledge to related U.S. companies such as a parent, subsidiary, affiliate, joint venture, or branch office. We have an approved “Blanket L Program,” under which the corporate relationships of our transferring and receiving entities have
been pre-approved by the CIS, thus enabling individual L-1 visa applications to be presented directly to a visa-issuing U.S. consular post abroad rather than undergoing the pre-approval process in the United States. In recent years, both the U.S.
consular posts that review initial L-1 applications and the CIS offices, which adjudicate extensions of L-1 status, have become more restrictive with respect to this category. As a result, the rate of refusals of initial L-1 applications and of
extensions has increased. In addition, even where L-1 visas are ultimately granted and issued, security measures undertaken by U.S. consular posts around the world have delayed visa issuances. Our inability to bring qualified technical personnel
into the United States to staff on-site customer locations would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

On December 8, 2004, President Bush signed the L-1 Visa Reform Act, which was part of the fiscal year 2005 Omnibus Appropriations Act (Public Law 108-447 at Division J, Title IV). This legislation contained
several important changes to the laws governing L-1 visa holders. All of the changes took effect on June 8, 2005. Under one provision of the new law, all L-1 applicants, including those brought to the United States under a Blanket L Program,
must have worked abroad with the related company for one full year in the prior three years. The provision allowing Blanket L applicants who had worked abroad for the related company for six months during the qualifying three-year period was
revoked. In addition, L-1B holders (intracompany transferees with specialized company knowledge) may not be primarily stationed at the work site of another employer if the L-1B holder will be controlled and supervised by an employer other than the
petitioning employer. Finally, L-1B status may not be granted where placement of the L-1B visa holder at a third party site is part of an arrangement to provide labor for the third party, rather than placement at the site in connection with the
provision of a product or service involving specialized knowledge specific to the petitioning employer. 

We do not place L-1B workers at
third party sites where they are under the primary supervision of a different employer, nor do we place L-1B holders at third party sites in an arrangement to provide labor for the third party, without providing a service involving our specialized
knowledge. Since implementation of the new law, we consistently establish this fact to CIS’s satisfaction. However, if CIS and/or the United States Department of State, through its visa-issuing U.S. consular posts abroad, decide to interpret
these provisions in a very restrictive fashion, this could impair our ability to staff our projects in the United States with resources from our entities abroad. In addition, CIS has not yet issued regulations governing these new provisions. If such
regulations are restrictive in nature, this could impair our ability to staff our projects in the United States with resources from our entities abroad. 

We also process immigrant visas for lawful permanent residence for employees to fill positions for which there are no able, willing and qualified U.S. workers available to fill the positions. Compliance with existing
U.S. immigration and labor laws, or changes in those laws making it more difficult to hire foreign nationals or limiting our ability to successfully obtain permanent residence for our foreign employees in the United States, could require us to incur
additional unexpected labor costs and expenses or could restrain our ability to retain the skilled professionals we need for our operations in the United States. Any of these restrictions or limitations on our hiring practices could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition to immigration restrictions in the United
States, there are certain restrictions on transferring our employees to work in the United Kingdom, where we have experienced significant growth. The United Kingdom requires that employees who are not nationals of the European Economic Area (EEA),
which includes nationals of all European Union countries (except Bulgaria and Romania) plus Iceland, Norway, Liechtenstein and Switzerland, obtain an intra-company transfer work permit before beginning to perform work. Under the work permit
regulations, in order for us to transfer our non-EEA employees to the United Kingdom, we must demonstrate that the employee had been employed by us for at least six months prior to the transfer and that the position in the United Kingdom requires
someone with either: (1) a United Kingdom degree level qualification; or (2) a Higher National Diploma (HND) level occupational qualification which is relevant to the UK position; or (3) a general HND level qualification plus one
year’s work experience doing the type of job 

17 

Table of Contents

for which the work permit is sought; or (4) at least three years’ high-level specialist skills acquired through doing the type of job for which the
work permit is sought. These restrictions restrain our ability to add the skilled professionals we need for our operations in Europe, and could have an adverse affect on our international strategy to expand our presence in Europe. As a result, the
work permit legislation in the United Kingdom could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Immigration and work permit laws and regulations in the United States, the United Kingdom and other countries are subject to legislative and administrative changes as well as changes in the application of standards and enforcement.
Immigration and work permit laws and regulation can be significantly affected by political forces and levels of economic activity. Our international expansion strategy and our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially
adversely affected if changes in immigration and work permit laws and regulations or the administration or enforcement of such laws or regulations impair our ability to staff projects with IT professionals who are not citizens of the country where
the work is to be performed. 

Our results of operations and business may be affected by an investigation currently being conducted by
the Wage and Hour Division of the United States Department of Labor. 

There are strict labor regulations associated with the H-1B visa
classification. Larger users of the H-1B visa program are often subject to investigations by the Wage and Hour Division of the United States Department of Labor. The Department of Labor has commenced an investigation to determine if we have complied
with the elements of the Labor Condition Application(s) (ETA Form 9035) used by us to hire certain H-1B non-immigrant workers. We believe the Department of Labor is primarily focused on whether our employees with H-1B renewals were paid at the
appropriate pay level. The investigation has recently been commenced and is in its early stages. We do not currently have a timetable in which this investigation will be concluded. While we believe we have complied with the applicable regulations,
an adverse finding by the United States Department of Labor may result in back-pay liability, substantial fines, and/or a ban on future use of the H-1B program and other immigration benefits, which could potentially have a harmful effect on our
business and results of operations. 

Our global operations expose us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal and regulatory
requirements, and violation of these regulations could harm our business. 

Because we provide services to clients throughout the world,
we are subject to numerous, and sometimes conflicting, legal rules on matters as diverse as import/export controls, content requirements, trade restrictions, tariffs, taxation, sanctions, government affairs, internal and disclosure control
obligations, data privacy and labor relations. Violations of these regulations in the conduct of our business could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us or our officers, prohibitions on doing business and damage to our reputation.
Violations of these regulations in connection with the performance of our obligations to our clients also could result in liability for monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, unfavorable publicity, restrictions on our ability to
process information and allegations by our clients that we have not performed our contractual obligations. Due to the varying degrees of development of the legal systems of the countries in which we operate, local laws might be insufficient to
protect our rights. Our failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Anti-outsourcing legislation, if adopted, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to
service our customers. 

The issue of companies outsourcing services to organizations operating in other countries is a topic of
political discussion in many countries, including the United States which is our largest market. For example, measures aimed at limiting or restricting outsourcing by U.S. companies are under discussion in Congress and in numerous state legislatures
to address concerns over the perceived association between offshore outsourcing and the loss of jobs in the United States. While no substantive anti-outsourcing legislation has been introduced to date, given the ongoing debate over this issue, the
introduction of such legislation is possible. If introduced, such measures are likely to fall within two categories: (1) a broadening of restrictions on outsourcing by federal and state government agencies and on government contracts with firms
that outsource services directly or indirectly, and/or (2) measures that impact private industry, such as tax disincentives or intellectual property transfer restrictions. In the event that any of these measures become law, our business,
financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected and our ability to service our customers could be impaired. 

In
addition, from time to time there has been publicity about negative experiences associated with offshore outsourcing, such as theft and misappropriation of sensitive client data, particularly involving service providers in India. Current or
prospective clients may elect to perform certain services themselves or may be discouraged from transferring services from onshore to offshore providers to avoid negative perceptions that may be associated with using an offshore provider. Any
slowdown or reversal of existing industry trends toward offshore outsourcing would seriously harm our ability to compete effectively with competitors that provide services from within the country in which our clients operate. 

18 

Table of Contents

Legislation enacted in certain European jurisdictions and any future legislation in Europe, Japan or any
other country in which we have clients restricting the performance of business process services from an offshore location could also have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. For example, new
legislation recently enacted in the United Kingdom, based on the 1977 EC Acquired Rights Directive that has been adopted in some form by many European Union, or EU, countries, provides that if a company outsources all or part of its business to a
service provider or changes its current service provider, the affected employees of the company or of the previous service provider are entitled to become employees of the new service provider, generally on the same terms and conditions as their
original employment. In addition, dismissals of employees who were employed by the company or the previous service provider immediately prior to that transfer are automatically considered unfair dismissals that entitle such employees to
compensation. As a result, in order to avoid unfair dismissal claims we may have to offer, and become liable for, voluntary redundancy payments to the employees of our clients in the United Kingdom and other EU countries who have adopted similar
laws who outsource business to us. This legislation may materially affect our ability to obtain new business from companies in the EU and to provide outsourced services to companies in the EU in a cost-effective manner. 

Hostilities involving the United States, the United Kingdom, and other countries in which we provide on-site services to our clients, and other acts
of terrorism, violence or war could delay or reduce the number of new purchase orders we receive and impair our ability to service our customers, thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Hostilities involving the United States and other acts of terrorism, violence or war, such as the attacks of September 11, 2001
in the United States, the attacks of July 7, 2005 in the United Kingdom, and the continuing conflict in Iraq, could materially adversely affect our operations and our ability to service our customers. Hostilities involving the United States,
the United Kingdom, and other countries in which we provide on-site services to our clients could cause customers in these countries to delay their decisions on IT spending, which could affect our financial results. In addition, acts of terrorism,
violence or war could give rise to military or travel disruptions and restrictions affecting our employees. As of December 31, 2007, a majority of our technical professionals were located in India, and the vast majority of our technical
professionals in the United States and Europe were Indian nationals who were able to work in the United States and Europe only because they held current visas and work permits. Travel restrictions could cause us to incur additional unexpected labor
costs and expenses or could restrain our ability to retain the skilled professionals we need for our operations in the United States and Europe. 

Although we continue to believe that we have a strong competitive position in the United States, we continue to increase our efforts to geographically diversify our clients and revenue. Despite our efforts to diversify, hostilities
involving the United States the United Kingdom, and other countries in which we provide on-site services to our clients, and other acts of terrorism, violence or war may reduce the demand for our services and negatively affect our revenues and
profitability. 

Our revenues are highly dependent on clients primarily located in the United States and Europe, as well as on clients
concentrated in certain industries, and economic slowdowns or factors that affect the economic health of the United States, Europe or these industries may affect our business. 

Approximately 83% of our revenues during the year ended December 31, 2007 were derived from customers located in the United States. In the same
period, approximately 16% of our revenues were derived from customers located in Europe. If the United States or European economy weakens or otherwise slows, pricing for our services may be depressed and our customers may reduce or postpone their
technology spending significantly, which may in turn lower the demand for our services and negatively affect our revenues and profitability. Additionally, any recession in the United States economy could have an adverse impact on our revenues
because a large portion of our revenues is derived from the United States. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2007, we earned approximately 47% of our revenues from the financial services and insurance industries. Any
significant decrease in the growth of the financial services industry, or significant consolidation in that industry or decrease in growth or consolidation in other industry segments on which we focus, could reduce the demand for our services and
negatively affect our revenues and profitability. 

Our ability to operate and compete effectively could be impaired if we lose key
personnel or if we cannot attract additional qualified personnel. 

Our future performance depends to a significant degree upon the
continued service of the key members of our management team, as well as marketing, sales and technical personnel, and our ability to attract and retain new management and other personnel. We do not maintain key man life insurance on any of our
executive officers or significant employees. 

19 

Table of Contents

Competition for personnel is intense, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to retain our key employees or that we will be successful in
attracting and retaining new personnel in the future. The loss of any one or more of our key personnel or the failure to attract and retain key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Restrictions in non-competition agreements with our executive officers may not be enforceable. 

We have entered into non-competition agreements with our executive officers. We cannot assure you, however, that the restrictions in these agreements
prohibiting such executive officers from engaging in competitive activities are enforceable. Further, substantially all of our professional non-executive staff are not covered by agreements that would prohibit them from working for our competitors.
If any of our key professional personnel leaves our employment and joins one of our competitors, our business could be adversely affected. 

Our earnings may be adversely affected if we change our intent not to repatriate earnings in India. 

Effective
January 1, 2002, pursuant to Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 23, “Accounting for Income Taxes-Special Areas,” we no longer accrue incremental U.S. taxes on all Indian earnings recognized in 2002 and subsequent periods as
these earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the United States. While we have no plans to do so, events may occur in the future that could effectively force us to change our intent on repatriating Indian earnings. If we
change our intent and repatriate such earnings, we will have to accrue the applicable amount of taxes associated with such earnings and pay taxes at a substantially higher rate than our effective income tax rate in 2007. These increased taxes could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Over the next few years we will lose
certain tax benefits provided by India to companies in our industry. 

Our Indian subsidiaries are export-oriented companies, which,
under the Indian Income Tax Act of 1961, are entitled to claim tax holidays for a period of ten consecutive years for each Software Technology Park (STP) with respect to export profits for each STP. Substantially all of the earnings of our Indian
subsidiaries are attributable to export profits. The majority of our STPs in India are currently entitled to a 100% exemption from Indian income tax. Under current law, these tax holidays will be completely phased out by March 2009. In anticipation
of the complete phase out of the tax holidays in March 2009, we expect to locate a portion of our new development centers in areas designated as Special Economic Zones (SEZ). Development centers operating in SEZ will be entitled to certain income
tax incentives for periods of up to 15 years. Under current Indian tax law, export profits after March 31, 2009 from our existing STPs will be fully taxable at the Indian statutory rate (33.99% as of December 31, 2007) in effect at such
time. If the tax holidays relating to our Indian STPs are not extended or new tax incentives are not introduced that would effectively extend the income tax holiday benefits beyond March 2009, we expect that our effective income tax rate would
increase significantly beginning in calendar year 2009. 

If our pricing structures do not accurately anticipate the cost and complexity
of performing our work, then our contracts could be unprofitable. 

We negotiate pricing terms with our clients utilizing a range of
pricing structures and conditions. We contract to provide services either on a time-and-materials basis or on a fixed-price basis. Our pricing is highly dependent on our internal forecasts and predictions about our projects and the marketplace,
which might be based on limited data and could turn out to be inaccurate. If we do not accurately estimate the costs and timing for completing projects, our contracts could prove unprofitable for us or yield lower profit margins than anticipated. We
face a number of risks when pricing our contracts, as many of our projects entail the coordination of operations and workforces in multiple locations and utilizing workforces with different skill sets and competencies across geographically
distributed service locations. Our pricing, cost and profit margin estimates for the work that we perform frequently include anticipated long-term cost savings from transformational and other initiatives that we expect to achieve and sustain over
the life of the contract. There is a risk that we will underprice our projects, fail to accurately estimate the costs of performing the work or fail to accurately assess the risks associated with potential contracts. In particular, any increased or
unexpected costs, delays or failures to achieve anticipated cost savings, or unexpected risks we encounter in connection with the performance of this work, including those caused by factors outside our control, could make these contracts less
profitable or unprofitable, which could have an adverse effect on our profit margin. 

In addition, a significant portion of our projects
are on a fixed-price basis, subjecting us to the foregoing risks to an even greater extent. Fixed-price contracts accounted for approximately 25% of our revenues for the years ended December 31, 2007 and 2006. We expect that an increasing
number of our future projects will be contracted on a fixed-price basis. In addition to the other risks described in the paragraph above, we bear the risk of cost over-runs and operating cost inflation in connection with projects covered by
fixed-price contracts. Our failure to estimate accurately the resources and time required for a fixed-price project, or our failure to complete our contractual obligations within the time frame committed, could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

20 

Table of Contents

If we do not continue to improve our operational, financial and other internal controls and systems to
manage our rapid growth, our business may suffer and the value of our shareholders’ investment may be harmed. 

Our anticipated
growth will continue to place significant demands on our management and other resources. Our growth will require us to continue to develop and improve our operational, financial and other internal controls, both in the United States, India and
elsewhere. In particular, our continued growth will increase the challenges involved in: 

•

 recruiting and retaining sufficiently skilled technical, marketing and management personnel; 

•

 adhering to our high quality standards; 

•

 maintaining high levels of client satisfaction; 

•

 developing and improving our internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our financial, operational, communications and other internal systems; and

•

 preserving our culture, values and entrepreneurial environment. 

As part of our growth strategy, we are expanding our operations in Europe, Asia and Latin America. We may not be able to compete effectively in these markets and the cost of entering these markets may be substantially
greater than we expect. If we fail to compete effectively in the new markets we enter, or if the cost of entering those markets is substantially greater than we expect, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely
affected. In addition, if we cannot compete effectively, we may be required to reconsider our strategy to invest in our international expansion plans and change our intent on the repatriation of our earnings. 

We rely on a few customers for a large portion of our revenues. 

Our top five customers generated approximately 24% of our revenues for year ended December 31, 2007 and 29% of our revenues in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006. The volume of work performed for
specific customers is likely to vary from year to year, and a major customer in one year may not use our services in a subsequent year. The loss of one of our large customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

We generally do not have long-term contracts with our customers and our results of operations could
be adversely affected if our clients terminate their contracts with us on short notice. 

Consistent with industry practice, we
generally do not enter into long-term contracts with our customers. A majority of our contracts can be terminated by our clients with short notice. As a result, we are substantially exposed to volatility in the market for our services, and may not
be able to maintain our level of profitability. 

When contracts are terminated, we lose the anticipated revenues and might not be able to
eliminate associated costs in a timely manner. Consequently, our profit margins in subsequent periods could be lower than expected. If we are unable to market our services on terms we find acceptable, our financial condition and results of
operations could suffer materially. 

Our profitability could suffer if we are not able to maintain favorable pricing rates.

Our profit margin, and therefore our profitability, is dependent on the rates we are able to recover for our services. If we are not
able to maintain favorable pricing for our services, our profit margin and our profitability could suffer. The rates we are able to recover for our services are affected by a number of factors, including: 

•

 our clients’ perceptions of our ability to add value through our services; 

•

 competition; 

•

 introduction of new services or products by us or our competitors; 

•

 our competitors’ pricing policies; 

•

 our ability to accurately estimate, attain and sustain contract revenues, margins and cash flows over increasingly longer contract periods;

•

 bid practices of clients and their use of third-party advisors; 

•

 the use by our competitors and our clients of off-shore resources to provide lower-cost service delivery capabilities; and 

•

 general economic and political conditions. 

21 

Table of Contents

Our operating results may experience significant quarterly fluctuations. 

We historically have experienced significant quarterly fluctuations in our revenues and results of operations and expect these fluctuations to continue.
Among the factors causing these variations have been: 

•

 the number, timing, scope and contractual terms of IT development and maintenance projects in which we are engaged; 

•

 delays incurred in the performance of those projects; 

•

 the accuracy of estimates of resources and time required to complete ongoing projects; and 

•

 general economic conditions. 

In
addition, our future revenues, operating results and margins may fluctuate as a result of: 

•

 changes in pricing in response to customer demand and competitive pressures; 

•

 the mix of on-site and offshore staffing; 

•

 the ratio of fixed-price contracts versus time-and-materials contracts; 

•

 employee wage levels and utilization rates; 

•

 changes in foreign exchange rates, including the Indian rupee versus the U. S. dollar; 

•

 the timing of collection of accounts receivable; 

•

 enactment of new taxes, including fringe benefit taxes in India; 

•

 the timing of the exercise of stock options or vesting of performance stock units subject to the Indian fringe benefit tax; 

•

 changes in domestic and international income tax rates and regulations; and 

•

 changes to levels and types of stock-based compensation awards and assumptions used to determine the fair value of such awards. 

A high percentage of our operating expenses, particularly personnel and rent, are relatively fixed in advance of any particular quarter. As a result,
unanticipated variations in the number and timing of our projects or in employee wage levels and utilization rates may cause significant variations in our operating results in any particular quarter, and could result in losses. Any significant
shortfall of revenues in relation to our expectations, any material reduction in utilization rates for our professional staff or variance in the on-site, offshore staffing mix, an unanticipated termination of a major project, a customer’s
decision not to pursue a new project or proceed to succeeding stages of a current project or the completion during a quarter of several major customer projects could require us to pay underutilized employees and could therefore have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

As a result of these factors, it is possible that in some
future periods, our revenues and operating results may be significantly below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. In such an event, the price of our common stock would likely be materially and adversely affected. 

Our profitability could suffer if we are not able to maintain favorable utilization rates. 

The cost of providing our services, including the utilization rate of our professionals, affects our profitability. If we are not able to maintain an
appropriate utilization rate for our professionals, our profit margin and our profitability may suffer. Our utilization rates are affected by a number of factors, including: 

•

 our ability to transition employees from completed projects to new assignments and to hire and assimilate new employees; 

•

 our ability to forecast demand for our services and thereby maintain an appropriate headcount in each of our geographies and workforces;

•

 our ability to manage attrition; and 

•

 our need to devote time and resources to training, professional development and other non-chargeable activities. 

Liability claims for damages caused by disclosure of confidential information or system failures could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Many of our engagements involve projects that are critical to the operations of our customers’ businesses and provide benefits
that are difficult to quantify. Any failure in a customer’s computer system could result in a claim for substantial 

22 

Table of Contents

damages against us, regardless of our responsibility for the failure. Although we attempt to limit by contract our liability for damages arising from
negligent acts, errors, mistakes or omissions in rendering our IT development and maintenance services, we cannot assure you that any contractual limitations on liability will be enforceable in all instances or will otherwise protect us from
liability for damages. 

In addition, we often have access to or are required to collect and store confidential client and customer data. If
any person, including any of our employees, penetrates our network security or misappropriates sensitive data, we could be subject to significant liability from our clients or from our clients’ customers for breaching contractual
confidentiality provisions or privacy laws. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client and customer data, whether through breach of our computer systems, systems failure or otherwise, could damage our reputation and cause us to lose
clients. 

Although we have general liability insurance coverage, including coverage for errors or omissions, there can be no assurance that
coverage will continue to be available on reasonable terms or will be sufficient in amount to cover one or more large claims, or that the insurer will not disclaim coverage as to any future claim. The successful assertion of one or more large claims
against us that exceed available insurance coverage or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results
of operations and financial condition. 

We may be subject to legacy Dun & Bradstreet liabilities that could have an adverse
effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

In 1996, The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation split itself into
three separate companies: The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation, Cognizant Corporation and ACNielsen Corporation. In connection with the split-up transaction, The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation, Cognizant Corporation (renamed Nielsen
Media Research), of which we were once a part, and ACNielsen Corporation (now a subsidiary of the Dutch company VNU N.A.) entered into a distribution agreement. In the 1996 distribution agreement, each party assumed the liabilities relating to the
businesses allocated to it and agreed to indemnify the other parties and their subsidiaries against those liabilities and certain other matters. The 1996 distribution agreement also prohibited each party thereto from distributing to our stockholders
any business allocated to it unless the distributed business delivered undertakings agreeing to be jointly and severally liable to the other parties under the 1996 distribution agreement for the liabilities of the distributing parent company under
the 1996 distribution agreement. IMS Health made such undertaking when it was spun off by Nielsen Media Research in 1998 and, accordingly, IMS Health and Nielsen Media Research are jointly and severally liable to R.H. Donnelly and ACNielsen for
Cognizant Corporation obligations under the terms of the 1996 distribution agreement. IMS Health has requested similar undertakings from us as a condition to the distribution of our shares in the exchange offer. IMS Health is obligated to procure
similar undertakings from us to Nielsen Media Research and Synavant Inc. with respect to liabilities allocated to IMS Health in connection with Nielsen Media Research’s spin-off of IMS Health and IMS Health’s spin-off of Synavant Inc. In
connection with the exchange offer, we gave these undertakings and, as a result, we may be subject to claims in the future in relation to legacy liabilities. 

Claims have arisen in the past and may arise in the future under the 1996 distribution agreement or the distribution agreements relating to Nielsen Media Research’s spin-off of IMS Health and IMS Health’s
spin-off of Synavant Inc., in which case we may be jointly and severally liable for any losses suffered by the parties entitled to indemnification. IMS Health has agreed to indemnify us for any and all liabilities that arise out of our undertakings
to be jointly and severally liable for these liabilities, but if for any reason IMS Health does not perform on our indemnification obligation, these liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations. 

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our business may be adversely affected. 

Our future success will depend in part on our ability to protect our proprietary methodologies and other intellectual property. We presently hold no
patents or registered copyrights, and rely upon a combination of copyright and trade secret laws, non-disclosure and other contractual arrangements and various security measures to protect our intellectual property rights. Existing laws of some
countries in which we provide services or solutions might offer only limited protection of our intellectual property rights. India is a member of the Berne Convention, and has agreed to recognize protections on copyrights conferred under the laws of
foreign countries, including the laws of the United States. We believe that laws, rules, regulations and treaties in effect in the United States and India are adequate to protect us from misappropriation or unauthorized use of our copyrights.
However, there can be no assurance that these laws will not change and, in particular, that the laws of India or the United States will not change in ways that may prevent or restrict the transfer of software components, libraries and toolsets from
India to the United States or from the United States to India. There can be no assurance that the steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property rights will be adequate to deter misappropriation of any of our intellectual property, or that
we will be able to detect unauthorized use and take appropriate steps to enforce our rights. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property may result in development of technology, products or services which compete with our products and unauthorized
parties may infringe upon or misappropriate our products, services or proprietary information. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our business may be adversely affected. 

23 

Table of Contents

Our services or solutions could infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others or we might
lose our ability to utilize the intellectual property of others. 

We cannot be sure that our services and solutions, or the solutions
of others that we offer to our clients, do not infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties, and we could have infringement claims asserted against us or against our clients. These claims could harm our reputation, cost us money and
prevent us from offering some services or solutions. In a number of our contracts, we have agreed to indemnify our clients for any expenses or liabilities resulting from claimed infringements of the intellectual property rights of third parties. In
some instances, the amount of these indemnities could be greater than the revenues we receive from the client. Any claims or litigation in this area, whether we ultimately win or lose, could be time-consuming and costly, injure our reputation or
require us to enter into royalty or licensing arrangements. We might not be able to enter into these royalty or licensing arrangements on acceptable terms. If a claim of infringement were successful against us or our clients, an injunction might be
ordered against our client or our own services or operations, causing further damages. We expect that the risk of infringement claims against us will increase if our competitors are able to obtain patents for software products and processes. Any
infringement claim or litigation against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We could lose our ability or be unable to secure the right to utilize the intellectual property of others. Third-party suppliers of software, hardware or other intellectual assets could be unwilling to permit us to use their intellectual
property or be acquired or used, and this could impede or disrupt use of their products or services by us and our clients. If our ability to provide services and solutions to our clients is impaired, our operating results could be adversely
affected. 

We may be unable to integrate acquired companies or technologies successfully and we may be subject to certain liabilities
assumed in connection with our acquisitions that could harm our operating results. 

We believe that opportunities exist in the
fragmented IT services market to expand our business through selective strategic acquisitions and joint ventures. We believe that acquisition and joint venture candidates may enable us to expand our geographic presence, especially in the European
market, enter new technology areas or expand our capacity. We cannot assure you that we will identify suitable acquisition candidates available for sale at reasonable prices, consummate any acquisition or joint venture or successfully integrate any
acquired business or joint venture into our operations. Further, acquisitions and joint ventures involve a number of special risks, including diversion of management’s attention, failure to retain key personnel, unanticipated events or
circumstances and legal liabilities, some or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may finance any future acquisitions with cash, debt financing, the issuance of equity
securities or a combination of the foregoing. We cannot assure you that we will be able to arrange adequate financing on acceptable terms. In addition, acquisitions financed with the issuance of our equity securities could be dilutive. 

Although we conduct due diligence in connection with each of our acquisitions, there may be liabilities that we fail to discover or that we
inadequately assess in our due diligence efforts. In particular, to the extent that prior owners of any acquired businesses or properties failed to comply with or otherwise violated applicable laws or regulations, or failed to fulfill their
contractual obligations to customers, we, as the successor owner, may be financially responsible for these violations and failures and may suffer reputational harm or otherwise be adversely affected. While we generally require the selling party to
indemnify us for any and all liabilities associated with such liabilities, if for any reason the seller does not perform their indemnification obligation, we may be held responsible for such liabilities. In addition, as part of an acquisition, we
may assume responsibilities and obligations of the acquired business pursuant to the terms and conditions of services agreements entered by the acquired entity that are not consistent with the terms and conditions that we typically accept and
require. Although we attempt to structure acquisitions in such a manner as to minimize the liability that could arise from such contractual commitments, we cannot assure you that any of our efforts to minimize the liability will be effective in all
instances or will otherwise protect us from liability for damages under such agreements. The discovery of any material liabilities associated with our acquisitions for which we are unable to receive indemnification for could harm our operating
results. 

System failure or disruptions in telecommunications could disrupt our business and result in lost customers and curtailed
operations which would reduce our revenue and profitability. 

To deliver our services to our customers, we must maintain a high speed
network of satellite, fiber optic and land lines and active voice and data communications 24 hours a day between our main offices in Chennai, our other IT development centers in India and globally and the offices of our customers worldwide. Although
we maintain redundancy facilities and satellite communications links, any systems failure or a significant lapse in our ability to transmit voice and data through satellite and telephone communications could result in lost customers and curtailed
operations which would reduce our revenue and profitability. 

24 

Table of Contents

Provisions in our charter, by-laws and stockholders’ rights plan and provisions under Delaware
law may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals. 

Provisions in our charter and by-laws, each as amended, our stockholders’
rights plan and Delaware General Corporate Law, or DGCL, may have the effect of deterring unsolicited takeover proposals or delaying or preventing changes in our control or management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise
receive a premium for their shares over then current market prices. In addition, these documents and provisions may limit the ability of stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests. Our board of directors
has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to fix the rights and preferences, and issue shares of preferred stock. Our charter provides for a classified board of directors, which will prevent a change of control of our board of
directors at a single meeting of stockholders. The prohibition of our stockholders’ ability to act by written consent and to call a special meeting will delay stockholder actions until annual meetings or until a special meeting is called by our
chairman or chief executive officer or our board of directors. The supermajority-voting requirement for specified amendments to our charter and by-laws allows a minority of our stockholders to block those amendments. The DGCL also contains
provisions preventing stockholders from engaging in business combinations with us, subject to certain exceptions. These provisions could also discourage bids for our common stock at a premium as well as create a depressive effect on the market price
of the shares of our common stock. 

Compliance with new and changing corporate governance and public disclosure requirements adds
uncertainty to our compliance policies and increases our costs of compliance. 

Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to
accounting, corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, other SEC regulations, and the NASDAQ Global Select Market rules, are creating uncertainty for companies like ours. These laws, regulations and
standards may lack specificity and are subject to varying interpretations. Their application in practice may evolve over time, as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding
compliance matters and higher costs of compliance as a result of ongoing revisions to such corporate governance standards. 

In particular,
our efforts to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related regulations regarding our required assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting and our external auditors’ audit of that assessment
requires the commitment of significant financial and managerial resources. We consistently assess the adequacy of our internal controls over financial reporting, remediate any control deficiencies that may be identified, and validate through testing
that our controls are functioning as documented. While we do not anticipate any material weaknesses, the inability of management and our independent auditor to provide us with an unqualified report as to the adequacy and effectiveness, respectively,
of our internal controls over financial reporting for future year ends could result in adverse consequences to us, including, but not limited to, a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which could cause the
market price of our stock to decline. 

We are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure, and our efforts to
comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards in this regard have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating
activities to compliance activities. In addition, the laws, regulations and standards regarding corporate governance may make it more difficult for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. Further, our board members, chief executive
officer and chief financial officer could face an increased risk of personal liability in connection with their performance of duties. As a result, we may face difficulties attracting and retaining qualified board members and executive officers,
which could harm our business. If we fail to comply with new or changed laws, regulations or standards of corporate governance, our business and reputation may be harmed. 

Funds associated with auction-rate securities that we hold as investments may not be liquid or accessible for in excess of 12 months and our auction-rate securities may decline in value. 

As of December 31, 2007, our short-term investments included $282.8 million of AAA-rated auction-rate municipal debt securities that are collateralized
by debt obligations supported by student loans. As of February 26, 2008, we held $176.3 million of AAA-rated auction-rate municipal debt securities of which approximately 95% of the underlying student loans are backed by the Federal Family Education
Loan Progam (FFELP). In addition, the auction-rate municipal debt securities held by us are generally collateralized by assets that are in excess of the total par value of the security issue. During the period February 14, 2008 to
February 26, 2008, auctions failed for $71.1 million of the auction-rate securities held by us as investments. There is no assurance that successful auctions on the remaining auction-rate securities in our investment portfolio will continue to
succeed. 

25 

Table of Contents

The current instability in the credit markets may affect our ability to liquidate these securities in the
short term. The funds associated with failed auctions will not be accessible until a successful auction occurs, the issuer calls or restructures the underlying security, the underlying security matures or a buyer outside the auction process
emerges. We believe that the failed auctions experienced to date are not necessarily a result of the deterioration of the underlying credit quality of the securities. In addition, we believe that any potential future unrealized gain or loss
associated with these securities will be temporary and will be recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income in our consolidated statement of financial position. However, if such losses become permanent, an impairment charge would be recorded
to our consolidated statement of operations and comprehensive income which could have a material adverse affect on our results of operations and financial condition.