In
addition to the risks and uncertainties detailed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, if any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected. In such
case, the trading price of our common stock could decline. 

Our global operations are subject to complex risks,
some of which might be beyond our control. 

We have offices and operations in various countries around the world and
provide services to clients globally. In 2010, approximately 78.0% of our revenues were attributable to the North American region, 18.6% were attributable to the European region, and 3.4% were attributable to the rest of the world, primarily the
Asia Pacific region. If we are unable to manage the risks of our global operations, including regulatory, economic, political and other uncertainties in India, fluctuations in foreign exchange and inflation rates, international hostilities,
terrorism, natural disasters, and multiple legal and regulatory systems, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

A substantial portion of our assets and operations are located in India and we are subject to regulatory, economic, political and
other uncertainties in India. 

We intend to continue to develop and expand our offshore facilities in India where a
majority of our technical professionals are located. While wage costs are lower in India than in the United States and other 

16 

Table of Contents

developed countries for comparably skilled professionals, wages in India have historically increased at a faster rate than in the United States. If this trend continues in the future, it would
result in increased costs for our skilled professionals and thereby potentially reduce our operating margins. Also, there is no assurance that, in future periods, competition for skilled professionals will not drive salaries higher in India, thereby
resulting in increased costs for our technical professionals and reduced operating margins. 

India has also recently
experienced civil unrest and terrorism and has been involved in conflicts with neighboring countries. In recent years, there have been military confrontations between India and Pakistan that have occurred in the region of Kashmir and along the
India-Pakistan border. The potential for hostilities between the two countries has been high in light of tensions related to recent terrorist incidents in India and the unsettled nature of the regional geopolitical environment, including events in
and related to Afghanistan and Iraq. If India becomes engaged in armed hostilities, particularly if these hostilities are protracted or involve the threat of or use of weapons of mass destruction, it is likely that our operations would be materially
adversely affected. In addition, companies may decline to contract with us for services in light of international terrorist incidents or armed hostilities, even where India is not involved because of more generalized concerns about relying on a
service provider utilizing international resources that may be viewed as less stable than those provided domestically. 

In the
past, the Indian economy has experienced many of the problems that commonly confront the economies of developing countries, including high inflation, erratic gross domestic product growth and shortages of foreign exchange. The Indian government has
exercised, and continues to exercise, significant influence over many aspects of the Indian economy and Indian government actions concerning the economy could have a material adverse effect on private sector entities like us. In the past, the Indian
government has provided significant tax incentives and relaxed certain regulatory restrictions in order to encourage foreign investment in specified sectors of the economy, including the software development services industry. Programs that have
benefited us include, among others, tax holidays, liberalized import and export duties and preferential rules on foreign investment and repatriation. Notwithstanding these benefits, as noted above, India’s central and state governments remain
significantly involved in the Indian economy as regulators. In recent years, the Indian government has introduced non-income related taxes, including the fringe benefit tax (which was repealed as of April 1, 2009) and new service taxes, and
income-related taxes, including the Minimum Alternative Tax. In addition, a change in government leadership in India or change in policies of the existing government in India that results in the elimination of any of the benefits realized by us from
our Indian operations or the imposition of new taxes applicable to such operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition, the emergence of a widespread health emergency or pandemic, which may be more difficult to prevent or contain in a country
like India as compared to more developed countries, could create economic or financial disruption that could negatively affect our revenue and operations or impair our ability to manage our business in certain parts of the world. 

Our international sales and operations are subject to many uncertainties. 

Revenues from customers outside North America represented approximately 22.0% of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2010.
We anticipate that revenues from customers outside North America will continue to account for a material portion of our revenues in the foreseeable future and may increase as we expand our international presence, particularly in Europe, the Asia
Pacific region and the Latin America region. In addition, the majority of our employees, along with our development and delivery centers, are located in India. As a result, we may be subject to risks inherently associated with international
operations, including risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations, which may cause volatility in our reported income, and risks associated with the application and imposition of protective legislation and regulations relating
to import or export or otherwise resulting from foreign policy or the variability of foreign economic conditions. From time to time, we may engage in hedging transactions to mitigate our risks relating to exchange rate fluctuations. The use

17 

Table of Contents

of hedging contracts is intended to mitigate or reduce transactional level volatility in the results of our foreign operations, but does not completely eliminate volatility and risk. In addition,
use of hedging contracts includes the risk of non-performance by the counterparty. Additional risks associated with international operations include difficulties in enforcing intellectual property and/or contractual rights, the burdens of complying
with a wide variety of foreign laws, potentially adverse tax consequences, tariffs, quotas and other barriers and potential difficulties in collecting accounts receivable. In addition, we may face competition in other countries from companies that
may have more experience with operations in such countries or with international operations. Additionally, such companies may have long-standing or well-established relationships with local officials and/or desired clients, which may put us at a
competitive disadvantage. We may also face difficulties integrating new facilities in different countries into our existing operations, as well as integrating employees that we hire in different countries into our existing corporate culture. Our
international expansion plans may not be successful and we may not be able to compete effectively in other countries. There can be no assurance that these and other factors will not impede the success of our international expansion plans, limit our
ability to compete effectively in other countries or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our operating results may be adversely affected by fluctuations in the Indian rupee and other foreign currency exchange rates and restrictions on the deployment of cash across our global operations.

Although we report our operating results in U.S. dollars, a portion of our revenues and expenses are denominated in
currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates can have a number of adverse effects on us. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenues, expenses
and income, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or at the end of each reporting period. Therefore, changes in the value of the U.S. dollar against other currencies will affect our
revenues, income from operations, other income (expense), net and the value of balance sheet items originally denominated in other currencies. There is no guarantee that our financial results will not be adversely affected by currency exchange rate
fluctuations or that any efforts by us to engage in currency hedging activities will be effective. In addition, in some countries we could be subject to strict restrictions on the movement of cash and the exchange of foreign currencies, which could
limit our ability to use this cash across our global operations. Finally, as we continue to leverage our global delivery model, more of our expenses are incurred in currencies other than those in which we bill for the related services. An increase
in the value of certain currencies, such as the Indian rupee, against the U.S. dollar could increase costs for delivery of services at offshore sites by increasing labor and other costs that are denominated in local currency. 

Our operating results may be adversely affected by our use of derivative financial instruments. 

We have entered into a series of foreign exchange forward contracts that are designated as cash flow hedges of certain salary payments in
India. These contracts are intended to partially offset the impact of the movement of the exchange rates on future operating costs. In addition, we also entered into foreign exchange forward contracts in order to mitigate foreign currency risk on
Indian rupee denominated net monetary assets. The hedging strategies that we have implemented, or may in the future implement, to mitigate foreign currency exchange rate risks may not reduce or completely offset our exposure to foreign exchange rate
fluctuations and may expose our business to unexpected market, operational and counterparty credit risks. Accordingly, we may incur losses from our use of derivative financial instruments that could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

Our global operations expose us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal
and regulatory requirements, and violations of these regulations could harm our business. 

Because we provide services to
clients throughout the world, we are subject to numerous, and sometimes conflicting, legal rules on matters as diverse as import/export controls, content requirements, trade restrictions, tariffs, taxation, sanctions, government affairs, internal
and disclosure control obligations, data privacy and labor 

18 

Table of Contents

relations. Violations of these laws or regulations in the conduct of our business could result in fines, criminal sanctions against us or our officers, prohibitions on doing business, damage to
our reputation and other unintended consequences such as liability for monetary damages, fines and/or criminal prosecution, unfavorable publicity, restrictions on our ability to process information and allegations by our clients that we have not
performed our contractual obligations. Due to the varying degrees of development of the legal systems of the countries in which we operate, local laws might be insufficient to protect our rights. Our failure to comply with applicable legal and
regulatory requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In many parts of the world, including countries in which we operate, practices in the local business community might not conform to
international business standards and could violate anti-corruption laws or regulations, including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Although we have policies and procedures in place that are designed to promote legal and regulatory
compliance, our employees, subcontractors and agents could take actions that violate these policies or procedures or applicable anti-corruption laws or regulations. Violations of these laws or regulations could subject us to criminal or civil
enforcement actions, including fines and suspension or disqualification from government contracting or contracting with private entities in certain highly regulated industries, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

International hostilities, terrorist activities, other violence or war, natural disasters, pandemics and infrastructure
disruptions, could delay or reduce the number of new service orders we receive and impair our ability to service our customers, thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Hostilities involving the United States and acts of terrorism, violence or war, such as the attacks of September 11, 2001 in the
United States, the attacks of July 7, 2005 in the United Kingdom, the attacks of November 26, 2008 in Mumbai, India, and the continuing conflict in Iraq and Afghanistan, natural disasters, global health risks or pandemics or the threat or
perceived potential for these events could materially adversely affect our operations and our ability to provide services to our customers. Such events may cause customers to delay their decisions on spending for information technology, consulting,
and business and knowledge process outsourcing services and give rise to sudden significant changes in regional and global economic conditions and cycles. These events also pose significant risks to our people and to physical facilities and
operations around the world, whether the facilities are ours or those of our clients, which could affect our financial results. By disrupting communications and travel, giving rise to travel restrictions, and increasing the difficulty of obtaining
and retaining highly-skilled and qualified personnel, these events could make it difficult or impossible for us to deliver services to some or all of our clients. As noted above, the majority of our technical professionals are located in India, and
the vast majority of our technical professionals in the United States and Europe are Indian nationals who are able to work in the United States and Europe only because they hold current visas and work permits. Travel restrictions could cause us to
incur additional unexpected labor costs and expenses or could restrain our ability to retain the skilled professionals we need for our operations. In addition, any extended disruptions of electricity, other public utilities or network services at
our facilities, as well as system failures at, or security breaches in, our facilities or systems, could also adversely affect our ability to serve our clients. 

Although we continue to believe that we have a strong competitive position in the United States, we continue to increase our efforts to geographically diversify our clients and revenue. Despite our
efforts to diversify, hostilities involving the United States, the United Kingdom, India and other countries in which we provide services to our clients, and other acts of terrorism, violence or war, natural disasters, global health risks or
pandemics may reduce the demand for our services and negatively affect our revenues and profitability. While we plan and prepare to defend against each of these occurrences, we might be unable to protect our people, facilities and systems against
all such occurrences. If these disruptions prevent us from effectively serving our clients, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

19 

Table of Contents

Anti-outsourcing legislation, if adopted, and negative perceptions associated with
offshore outsourcing could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to service our customers. 

The issue of companies outsourcing services to organizations operating in other countries is a topic of political discussion in many countries, including the United States, which is our largest market.
For example, measures aimed at limiting or restricting outsourcing by United States companies are periodically considered in the U.S. Congress and in numerous state legislatures to address concerns over the perceived association between offshore
outsourcing and the loss of jobs domestically. On August 13, 2010, President Barack Obama signed Public Law 111-230, which contained provisions to impose additional fees of $2,000 for certain H-1B petitions and $2,250 for certain L-1A and L-1B
petitions beginning in August 2010 through September 20, 2014. These fees were extended through September 20, 2015 in Public Law 111-347. In 2010, Senators Richard Durbin (D-Illinois) and Charles Grassley (R-Iowa) introduced a bill that
would, if enacted, further and severely restrict the use of certain temporary business visas. Given the ongoing debate over this issue, the introduction and consideration of other restrictive legislation is possible. If enacted, such measures may:
broaden restrictions on outsourcing by federal and state government agencies and on government contracts with firms that outsource services directly or indirectly, or impact private industry with measures such as tax disincentives and/or
penalties or intellectual property transfer restrictions, and/or restrict the use of certain business and/or work visas. In the event that any of these measures become law, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be
adversely affected and our ability to provide services to our customers could be impaired. 

In addition, from time to time,
there has been publicity about negative experiences associated with offshore outsourcing, such as theft and misappropriation of sensitive client data, particularly involving service providers in India. Current or prospective clients may elect to
perform certain services themselves or may be discouraged from transferring services from onshore to offshore providers due to negative perceptions that may be associated with using an offshore provider. Any slowdown or reversal of existing industry
trends toward offshore outsourcing would seriously harm our ability to compete effectively with competitors that provide the majority of their services from within the country in which our clients operate. 

Legislation and administrative/regulatory policies enacted in certain European jurisdictions and any future legislation/regulation in
Europe, countries within the Asia Pacific region or any other country in which we have clients restricting the performance of business process services from an offshore location could also have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. For example, legislation enacted in the United Kingdom, based on the 1977 EC Acquired Rights Directive, has been adopted in some form by many European Union, or EU, countries, and provides that if a company
outsources all or part of its business to a service provider or changes its current service provider, the affected employees of the company or of the previous service provider are entitled to become employees of the new service provider, generally
on the same terms and conditions as their original employment. In addition, dismissals of employees who were employed by the company or the previous service provider immediately prior to that transfer are automatically considered unfair dismissals
that entitle such employees to compensation. As a result, in order to avoid unfair dismissal claims we may have to offer, and become liable for, voluntary redundancy payments to the employees of our clients who outsource business to us in the United
Kingdom and other EU countries who have adopted similar laws. These types of policies may materially affect our ability to obtain new business from companies in the United Kingdom and EU and to provide outsourced services to companies in the United
Kingdom and EU in a cost-effective manner. 

Our growth may be hindered by immigration restrictions. 

Our future success will depend on our ability to attract and retain employees with technical and project management skills from
developing countries, especially India. The vast majority of our professionals in the United States and in Europe are Indian nationals. The ability of Indian nationals to work in the United States and Europe depends on their ability and our ability
to obtain the necessary visas and work permits. 

20 

Table of Contents

The H-1B visa classification enables United States employers to hire qualified foreign
workers in positions that require an education at least equal to a four-year bachelor degree in the United States in specialty occupations such as IT systems engineering and computer systems analysis. The H-1B visa usually permits an individual to
work and live in the United States for a period of up to six years. Under certain limited circumstances, H-1B visa extensions after the six-year period may be available. There is a limit on the number of new H-1B petitions that the United States
Citizenship and Immigration Services, or CIS, one of the successor agencies to the Immigration and Naturalization Service, may approve in any federal fiscal year, and in years in which this limit is reached, we may be unable to obtain H-1B visas
necessary to bring foreign employees to the United States. Currently, the limit is 65,000 for holders of United States or United States-equivalent bachelor degrees (the general cap), and an additional 20,000 for holders of advanced degrees from
United States post-secondary educational institutions. We began filing H-1B petitions with CIS against the fiscal year 2011 caps beginning April 1, 2010 for work in H-1B status beginning on October 1, 2011. On January 21, 2011 CIS
reached its advanced degree cap for fiscal year 2011, and on January 27, 2011, CIS reached its general cap for fiscal year 2011. We plan to begin filing H-1B petitions with CIS against the fiscal year 2012 caps beginning April 1, 2011 for
work in H-1B status beginning on October 1, 2011. As part of our advanced planning process, we believe that we have a sufficient number of employees visa-ready to meet our anticipated business growth in the current year. In addition, there are
strict labor regulations associated with the H-1B visa classification. Larger users of the H-1B visa program are often subject to investigations by the Wage and Hour Division of the United States Department of Labor. A finding by the United States
Department of Labor of willful or substantial failure to comply with existing regulations on the H-1B classification may result in back-pay liability, substantial fines, and/or a ban on future use of the H-1B program and other immigration benefits.

We also regularly transfer employees from India to the United States to work on projects at client sites using the L-1 visa
classification. The L-1 visa allows companies abroad to transfer certain managers, executives, and employees with specialized company knowledge to related United States companies such as a parent, subsidiary, affiliate, joint venture, or branch
office. We have an approved “Blanket L Program,” under which the corporate relationships of our transferring and receiving entities have been pre-approved by CIS, thus enabling individual L-1 visa applications to be presented directly to a
visa-issuing United States consular post abroad rather than undergoing a pre-approval process through CIS in the United States. In recent years, both the United States consular posts that review initial L-1 applications and CIS, which adjudicates
petitions for initial grants and extensions of L-1 status, have become increasingly restrictive with respect to this category. As a result, the rate of refusals of initial L-1 petitions and extensions has increased. In addition, even where L-1 visas
are ultimately granted and issued, security measures undertaken by United States consular posts around the world have delayed visa issuances. Our inability to bring qualified technical personnel into the United States to staff on-site customer
locations would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Pursuant to
the L-1 Visa Reform Act which became effective in June 2005, there are a number of restrictions and requirements that must be met in order for us to obtain L-1 visas for our personnel. Under one provision of the L-1 Visa Reform Act, all L-1
applicants, including those brought to the United States under a Blanket L Program, must have worked abroad with the related company for one full year in the prior three years. In addition, L-1B holders (intracompany transferees with specialized
company knowledge) may not be primarily stationed at the work site of another employer if the L-1B visa holder will be controlled and supervised by an employer other than the petitioning employer. Finally, L-1B status may not be granted where
placement of the L-1B visa holder at a third party site is part of an arrangement to provide labor for the third party, rather than placement at the site in connection with the provision of a product or service involving specialized knowledge
specific to the petitioning employer. 

We do not place L-1B workers at third party sites where they are under the primary
supervision of a different employer, nor do we place L-1B workers at third party sites in an arrangement to provide labor for the third party without providing a service involving our specialized knowledge. Since implementation of the L-1

21 

Table of Contents

Visa Reform Act, we consistently have established this fact to CIS’s satisfaction. However, if CIS and/or the United States Department of State, through its visa-issuing consular posts
abroad, decide to interpret these provisions in a very restrictive fashion, this could impair our ability to staff our projects in the United States with resources from our entities abroad. In addition, CIS has not yet issued regulations governing
these statutory provisions. If such regulations are restrictive in nature, our ability to staff our projects in the United States with resources from our entities abroad will be impaired. 

We also process immigrant visas for lawful permanent residence in the United States for employees to fill positions for which there are
an insufficient number of able, willing, and qualified United States workers available to fill the positions. Compliance with existing United States immigration and labor laws, or changes in those laws making it more difficult to hire foreign
nationals or limiting our ability to successfully obtain permanent residence for our foreign employees in the United States, could require us to incur additional unexpected labor costs and expenses or could restrain our ability to retain the skilled
professionals we need for our operations in the United States. Any of these restrictions or limitations on our hiring practices could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition to immigration restrictions in the United States, there are certain restrictions on transferring employees to work in the
United Kingdom, where we have experienced significant growth. The United Kingdom currently requires that all employees who are not nationals of European Union countries (plus nationals of Bulgaria and Romania) or EEA nationals, obtain work
permission before obtaining a visa/entry clearance to travel to the United Kingdom. European nations such as Hungary, Poland, Lithuania, Slovakia, and the Czech Republic do not have a work permit requirement but employees need to register to work
within 30 days of arrival. On November 27, 2008, the United Kingdom introduced a points-based system under which certain certificates of sponsorship are issued by licensed employer sponsors, provided the employees they seek to employ in the
United Kingdom can accumulate a certain number of points based on certain attributes. Where the employee has not worked for a Cognizant group company outside the United Kingdom for at least 6 months, we will need to carry out a resident labor market
test to confirm that the intended role cannot be filled by an EEA national. We are currently an A-rated sponsor and were allocated certificates of sponsorship which we believe are sufficient to meet our current and expected demand for transfers to
the United Kingdom. On November 23, 2010, the United Kingdom announced new restrictions to control annual net migration, but allowed for temporary intra-company transfers of employees from outside the European Economic Area for up to five years
as long as the employees meet certain compensation requirements. 

Immigration and work permit laws and regulations in the
United States, the United Kingdom, the EU, Switzerland and other countries are subject to legislative and administrative changes as well as changes in the application of standards and enforcement. Immigration and work permit laws and regulations can
be significantly affected by political forces and levels of economic activity. Our international expansion strategy and our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be materially adversely affected if changes in immigration and
work permit laws and regulations or the administration or enforcement of such laws or regulations impair our ability to staff projects with professionals who are not citizens of the country where the work is to be performed. 

Our revenues are highly dependent on clients primarily located in the United States and Europe, as well as on clients concentrated in
certain industries, including the financial services industry. Continuing or worsening economic conditions or factors that negatively affect the economic health of the United States, Europe or these industries may adversely affect our business.

Approximately 78.0% of our revenues during the year ended December 31, 2010 were derived from customers located in
North America. In the same period, approximately 18.6% of our revenues were derived from customers located in Europe. If the United States or European economy continues to weaken or slow and conditions in the financial markets continue to
deteriorate, pricing for our services may be depressed and our customers may reduce or postpone their technology spending significantly, which may in turn lower the demand 

22 

Table of Contents

for our services and negatively affect our revenues and profitability. Additionally, any prolonged recession in the United States and Europe could have an adverse impact on our revenues because a
large portion of our revenues are derived from the United States and Europe. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2010, we earned approximately 42.4% of our revenues from the financial services industry, which includes
insurance. A deterioration in the financial services industry and significant consolidation in that industry, or a decrease in growth or consolidation in other industry segments on which we focus, may reduce the demand for our services and
negatively affect our revenues and profitability. In addition, if we are unable to successfully anticipate changing economic and political conditions affecting the industries and markets in which we operate, we may be unable to effectively plan for
or respond to those changes, and our business could be negatively affected. 

We face intense competition from other service
providers. 

The intensely competitive information technology, consulting and business process outsourcing professional
services markets include a large number of participants and are subject to rapid change. These markets include participants from a variety of market segments, including: 

•

 systems integration firms; 

•

 contract programming companies; 

•

 application software companies; 

•

 internet solutions providers; 

•

 large or traditional consulting companies; 

•

 professional services groups of computer equipment companies; and 

•

 infrastructure management and outsourcing companies. 

These markets also include numerous smaller local competitors in the various geographic markets in which we operate which may be able to provide services and solutions at lower costs or on terms more
attractive to clients than we can. Our direct competitors include, among others, Accenture, Capgemini, Computer Sciences Corporation, HCL Technologies, HP Enterprise (formerly Electronic Data Systems), IBM Global Services, Infosys Technologies,
Perot Systems (acquired by Dell Inc.), Tata Consultancy Services and Wipro. Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources and greater name recognition and, therefore, may be better able to compete
for new work and skilled professionals. There is a risk that increased competition could put downward pressure on the prices we can charge for our services and on our operating margins. Similarly, if our competitors develop and implement
methodologies that yield greater efficiency and productivity, they may be able to offer services similar to ours at lower prices without adversely affecting their profit margins. Even if our offerings address industry and client needs, our
competitors may be more successful at selling their services. If we are unable to provide our clients with superior services and solutions at competitive prices or successfully market those services to current and prospective clients, our results of
operations may suffer. Further, a client may choose to use its own internal resources rather than engage an outside firm to perform the types of services we provide. We cannot be certain that we will be able to sustain our current levels of
profitability or growth in the face of competitive pressures, including competition for skilled technology professionals and pricing pressure from competitors employing an on-site/offshore business model. 

In addition, we may face competition from companies that increase in size or scope as the result of strategic mergers or acquisitions.
These transactions may include consolidation activity among hardware manufacturers, software companies and vendors, and service providers. The result of any such vertical integration may be greater integration of products and services that were once
offered separately by independent vendors. Our access to such products and services may be reduced as a result of such an industry trend, which could adversely affect our competitive position. 

23 

Table of Contents

We may not be able to sustain our current level of profitability. 

For the year ended December 31, 2010, we reported an operating margin of 18.8%. Our operating margin may decline if we experience
declines in demand and pricing for our services, imposition of new non-income related taxes or due to adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. In addition, historically, wages in India increased at a faster rate than in the United
States. Additionally, the number and type of equity-based compensation awards and the assumptions used in valuing equity-based compensation awards may change resulting in increased stock-based compensation expense and lower margins. Although we have
historically been able to partially offset wage increases and foreign currency fluctuations through further leveraging the scale of our operating structure, obtaining price increases, and issuing a lower number of stock-based compensation awards in
proportion to our overall headcount, we cannot be sure that we will be able to continue to do so in the future. 

Our
profitability could suffer if we are not able to control our costs. 

Our ability to control our costs and improve our
efficiency affects our profitability. If we are unable to control our costs or improve our efficiency, our profitability could be negatively affected. 

Our business will suffer if we fail to develop new services and enhance our existing services in order to keep pace with the rapidly evolving technological environment. 

The information technology, consulting and business process outsourcing professional services markets are characterized by rapid
technological change, evolving industry standards, changing customer preferences and new product and service introductions. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop solutions that keep pace with changes in the markets in which we
provide services. We cannot be sure that we will be successful in developing new services addressing evolving technologies in a timely or cost-effective manner or, if these services are developed, that we will be successful in the marketplace. In
addition, we cannot be sure that products, services or technologies developed by others will not render our services non-competitive or obsolete. Our failure to address the demands of the rapidly evolving technological environment could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our ability to remain competitive
will also depend on our ability to design and implement, in a timely and cost-effective manner, solutions for customers that both leverage their legacy systems and appropriately utilize newer technologies such as Web 2.0 models,
software-as-a-service, and service oriented architectures. Our failure to design and implement solutions in a timely and cost-effective manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

We may face difficulties in providing end-to-end business solutions for our clients that could cause clients to
discontinue their work with us, which in turn could harm our business. 

We have been expanding the nature and scope of our
engagements and have added new service offerings, such as IT consulting, business and knowledge process outsourcing, systems integration and outsourcing of entire portions of IT infrastructure. The success of these service offerings is dependent, in
part, upon continued demand for such services by our existing, new and prospective clients and our ability to meet this demand in a cost-competitive and effective manner. In addition, our ability to effectively offer a wider breadth of end-to-end
business solutions depends on our ability to attract existing or new clients to these service offerings. To obtain engagements for such end-to-end solutions, we also are more likely to compete with large, well-established international consulting
firms, resulting in increased competition and marketing costs. Accordingly, we cannot be certain that our new service offerings will effectively meet client needs or that we will be able to attract existing and new clients to these service
offerings. 

The increased breadth of our service offerings may result in larger and more complex projects with our clients.
This will require us to establish closer relationships with our clients and a thorough understanding of their 

24 

Table of Contents

operations. Our ability to establish such relationships will depend on a number of factors, including the proficiency of our professionals and our management personnel. Our failure to understand
our client requirements or our failure to deliver services that meet the requirements specified by our clients could result in termination of client contracts, and we could be liable to our clients for significant penalties or damages. 

Larger projects may involve multiple engagements or stages, and there is a risk that a client may choose not to retain us for additional
stages or may cancel or delay additional planned engagements. These terminations, cancellations or delays may result from factors that have little or nothing to do with the quality of our services, such as the business or financial condition of our
clients or the economy generally. Such cancellations or delays make it difficult to plan for project resource requirements, and inaccuracies in such resource planning and allocation may have a negative impact on our profitability. 

If our clients are not satisfied with our services, our business could be adversely affected. 

Our business model depends in large part on our ability to attract additional work from our base of existing clients. Our business model
also depends on relationships our account teams develop with our clients so that we can understand our clients’ needs and deliver solutions and services that are tailored to those needs. If a client is not satisfied with the quality of work
performed by us, or with the type of services or solutions delivered, then we could incur additional costs to address the situation, the profitability of that work might be impaired, and the client’s dissatisfaction with our services could
damage our ability to obtain additional work from that client. In particular, clients that are not satisfied might seek to terminate existing contracts prior to their scheduled expiration date and could direct future business to our competitors. In
addition, negative publicity related to our client services or relationships, regardless of its accuracy, may further damage our business by affecting our ability to compete for new contracts with current and prospective clients. 

We rely on a few customers for a large portion of our revenues. 

Our top five customers generated approximately 17.9% of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2010. The volume of work
performed for specific customers is likely to vary from year to year, and a major customer in one year may not use our services in a subsequent year. The loss of one of our large customers could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

We generally do not have long-term contracts with our customers and our
results of operations could be adversely affected if our clients terminate their contracts with us on short notice. 

Consistent with industry practice, we generally do not enter into long-term contracts with our customers. A majority of our contracts can
be terminated by our clients with short notice and without significant early termination cost. Terminations may result from factors that are beyond our control and unrelated to our work product or the progress of the project, including the business
or financial conditions of the client, changes in ownership or management at our clients, changes in client strategies or the economy or markets generally. When contracts are terminated, we lose the anticipated revenues and might not be able to
eliminate our associated costs in a timely manner. Consequently, our profit margins in subsequent periods could be lower than expected. If we are unable to replace the lost revenue with other work on terms we find acceptable or effectively eliminate
costs, we may not be able to maintain our level of profitability. 

Our results of operations may be affected by the rate of
growth in the use of technology in business and the type and level of technology spending by our clients. 

Our business
depends, in part, upon continued growth in the use of technology in business by our clients and prospective clients as well as their customers and suppliers. In challenging economic environments, our clients may reduce or defer their spending on new
technologies in order to focus on other priorities. At the same time, many companies have already invested substantial resources in their current means of conducting commerce and 

25 

Table of Contents

exchanging information, and they may be reluctant or slow to adopt new approaches that could disrupt existing personnel, processes and infrastructures. If the growth of technology usage in
business, or our clients’ spending on technology in business, declines, or if we cannot convince our clients or potential clients to embrace new technological solutions, our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

If we are unable to collect our receivables from, or bill our unbilled services to, our clients, our results of operations and cash
flows could be adversely affected. 

Our business depends on our ability to successfully obtain payment from our clients of
the amounts they owe us for work performed. We evaluate the financial condition of our clients and usually bill and collect on relatively short cycles. We maintain allowances against receivables and unbilled services. Actual losses on client
balances could differ from those that we currently anticipate and, as a result, we might need to adjust our allowances. There is no guarantee that we will accurately assess the creditworthiness of our clients. Macroeconomic conditions, such as the
continued credit crisis and related turmoil in the global financial system, could also result in financial difficulties, including limited access to the credit markets, insolvency or bankruptcy, for our clients, and, as a result, could cause clients
to delay payments to us, request modifications to their payment arrangements that could increase our receivables balance, or default on their payment obligations to us. Timely collection of client balances also depends on our ability to complete our
contractual commitments and bill and collect our contracted revenues. If we are unable to meet our contractual requirements, we might experience delays in collection of and/or be unable to collect our client balances, and if this occurs, our results
of operations and cash flows could be adversely affected. In addition, if we experience an increase in the time to bill and collect for our services, our cash flows could be adversely affected. 

We are investing substantial cash in new facilities and physical infrastructure, and our profitability could be reduced if our
business does not grow proportionately. 

We have made and continue to make significant contractual commitments related to
capital expenditures on construction or expansion of our development and delivery centers. We may encounter cost overruns or project delays in connection with new facilities. These expansions will likely increase our fixed costs and if we are unable
to grow our business and revenues proportionately, our profitability may be reduced. 

Competition for highly-skilled
technical personnel is intense and the success of our business depends on our ability to attract and retain highly-skilled professionals. 

Our future success will depend to a significant extent on our ability to attract, train and retain highly-skilled professionals so as to keep our supply of skills and resources in balance with client
demand. In particular, we must attract, train and retain appropriate numbers of talented people, including project managers, IT engineers and other senior technical personnel, with diverse skills in order to serve client needs and grow our business.
We are particularly dependent on retaining our senior executives and other experienced managers with the skill sets required by our business, and if we are unable to do so, our ability to develop new business and effectively lead our current
projects could be jeopardized. Similarly, the profitability of our business model depends on our ability to effectively utilize personnel with the right mix of skills and experience to support our projects. The processes and costs associated with
recruiting, training and retaining employees place significant demands on our resources. 

We believe there is a shortage of,
and significant competition for, professionals with the advanced technological skills necessary to perform the services we offer. We have subcontracted to a limited extent in the past, and may do so in the future, with other service providers in
order to meet our obligations to our customers. Our ability to maintain and renew existing engagements and obtain new business will depend, in large part, on our ability to attract, train and retain technical personnel with the skills that keep pace
with continuing changes in information technology, evolving industry standards and changing customer preferences. Further, we must train and manage our growing work force, requiring an increase in the level of responsibility for both existing and
new 

26 

Table of Contents

management personnel. We cannot guarantee that the management skills and systems currently in place will be adequate or that we will be able to train and assimilate new employees successfully.
Our profits and ability to compete for and manage client engagements could be adversely affected if we cannot manage employee hiring and attrition to achieve a stable and efficient workforce structure. 

Our ability to operate and compete effectively could be impaired if we lose key personnel or if we cannot attract additional qualified
personnel. 

Our future performance depends to a significant degree upon the continued service of the key members of our
management team, as well as marketing, sales and technical personnel, and our ability to attract and retain new management and other personnel. We do not maintain key man life insurance on any of our executive officers or significant employees.
Competition for personnel is intense, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to retain our key employees or that we will be successful in attracting and retaining new personnel in the future. The loss of any one or more of our key
personnel or the failure to attract and retain key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Restrictions in non-competition agreements with our executive officers may not be enforceable. 

We have entered into non-competition agreements with our executive officers. We cannot be certain, however, that the restrictions in these agreements prohibiting such executive officers from engaging in
competitive activities are enforceable. Further, substantially all of our professional non-executive staff are not covered by agreements that would prohibit them from working for our competitors. If any of our key professional personnel leaves our
employment and joins one of our competitors, our business could be adversely affected. 

Our earnings may be adversely
affected if we change our intent not to repatriate earnings in India or if such earnings become subject to U.S. tax on a current basis. 

Effective January 1, 2002, and in accordance with authoritative literature, we no longer accrue incremental U.S. taxes on all Indian earnings recognized in 2002 and subsequent periods as these
earnings (as well as other foreign earnings for all periods) are considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the United States. While we have no plans to do so, events may occur in the future that could effectively force us to change our
intent not to repatriate our foreign earnings. If we change our intent and repatriate such earnings, we will have to accrue the applicable amount of taxes associated with such earnings and pay taxes at a substantially higher rate than our effective
income tax rate in 2010. These increased taxes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our operating results may be negatively impacted upon the loss of certain tax benefits provided by India to companies in our industry as well as from proposed tax legislation in India. 

Our Indian subsidiaries are export-oriented companies which, under the Indian Income Tax Act of 1961, are entitled to claim tax holidays
for a period of ten consecutive years for each Software Technology Park, or STP, with respect to export profits for each STP. Substantially all of the earnings of our Indian subsidiaries are attributable to export profits. The majority of our STPs
in India are currently entitled to a 100% exemption from Indian income tax. Under current Indian tax law, export profits after March 31, 2011 from our existing STPs will be fully taxable at the Indian statutory rate (which is currently 33.22%)
in effect at such time. If the tax holidays relating to our Indian STPs are not extended or new tax incentives are not introduced that would effectively extend the income tax holiday benefits beyond March 31, 2011, our effective income tax rate
will increase significantly beginning in calendar year 2011. 

27 

Table of Contents

If our pricing structures are based on inaccurate expectations and assumptions regarding
the cost and complexity of performing our work, then our contracts could be unprofitable. 

We negotiate pricing terms with
our clients utilizing a range of pricing structures and conditions. We predominantly contract to provide services either on a time-and-materials or on a fixed-price basis. Our pricing is highly dependent on our internal forecasts and predictions
about our projects and the marketplace, which might be based on limited data and could turn out to be inaccurate. If we do not accurately estimate the costs and timing for completing projects, our contracts could prove unprofitable for us or yield
lower profit margins than anticipated. We face a number of risks when pricing our contracts, as many of our projects entail the coordination of operations and workforces in multiple locations and utilizing workforces with different skill sets and
competencies across geographically diverse service locations. Our pricing, cost and profit margin estimates for the work that we perform frequently include anticipated long-term cost savings from transformational and other initiatives that we expect
to achieve and sustain over the life of the contract. There is a risk that we will underprice our projects, fail to accurately estimate the costs of performing the work or fail to accurately assess the risks associated with potential contracts. In
particular, any increased or unexpected costs, delays or failures to achieve anticipated cost savings, or unexpected risks we encounter in connection with the performance of this work, including those caused by factors outside our control, could
make these contracts less profitable or unprofitable, which could have an adverse effect on our profit margin. 

In addition, a
significant portion of our projects are on a fixed-price basis, subjecting us to the foregoing risks to an even greater extent. Fixed-price contracts accounted for approximately 31.5% of our revenues for the year ended December 31, 2010. We
expect that an increasing number of our future projects will be contracted on a fixed-price basis. In addition to the other risks described in the paragraph above, we bear the risk of cost over-runs and operating cost inflation in connection with
projects covered by fixed-price contracts. Our failure to estimate accurately the resources and time required for a fixed-price project, or our failure to complete our contractual obligations within the time frame committed, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our profitability could suffer if we are
not able to maintain favorable pricing rates. 

Our profit margin, and therefore our profitability, is dependent on the
rates we are able to recover for our services. If we are not able to maintain favorable pricing for our services, our profit margin and our profitability could suffer. The rates we are able to recover for our services are affected by a number of
factors, including: 

•

 our clients’ perceptions of our ability to add value through our services; 

•

 competition; 

•

 introduction of new services or products by us or our competitors; 

•

 our competitors’ pricing policies; 

•

 our ability to accurately estimate, attain and sustain contract revenues, margins and cash flows over increasingly longer contract periods;

•

 bid practices of clients and their use of third-party advisors; 

•

 the use by our competitors and our clients of offshore resources to provide lower-cost service delivery capabilities; 

•

 our ability to charge premium prices when justified by market demand or the type of service; and 

•

 general economic and political conditions. 

28 

Table of Contents

Our profitability could suffer if we are not able to maintain favorable utilization
rates. 

The cost of providing our services, including the utilization rate of our professionals, affects our
profitability. If we are not able to maintain an appropriate utilization rate for our professionals, our profit margin and our profitability may suffer. Our utilization rates are affected by a number of factors, including: 

•

 our ability to efficiently transition employees from completed projects to new assignments and to hire and assimilate new employees;

•

 our ability to accurately forecast demand for our services and thereby maintain an appropriate headcount in each of our geographies and workforces;

•

 our ability to effectively manage attrition; and 

•

 our need to devote time and resources to training, professional development and other non-chargeable activities. 

If we do not continue to improve our operational, financial and other internal controls and systems to manage our rapid growth and
size or if we are unable to enter, operate and compete effectively in new geographic markets, our business may suffer and the value of our shareholders’ investment may be harmed. 

Our anticipated growth will continue to place significant demands on our management and other resources. Our growth will require us to
continue to develop and improve our operational, financial and other internal controls, both in the United States, India and elsewhere. In particular, our continued growth will increase the challenges involved in: 

•

 recruiting, training and retaining technical, finance, marketing and management personnel with the knowledge, skills and experience that our business
model requires; 

•

 maintaining high levels of client satisfaction; 

•

 developing and improving our internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our financial, operational, communications and other internal
systems; 

•

 preserving our culture, values and entrepreneurial environment; and 

•

 effectively managing our personnel and operations and effectively communicating to our personnel worldwide our core values, strategies and goals.

In addition, the increasing size and scope of our operations increase the possibility that an employee will
engage in unlawful or fraudulent activity, or otherwise expose us to unacceptable business risks, despite our efforts to train our people and maintain internal controls to prevent such instances. If we do not continue to develop and implement the
right processes and tools to manage our enterprise, our ability to compete successfully and achieve our business objectives could be impaired. 

As part of our growth strategy, we plan to continue expanding our operations in Europe, Asia, Middle East, and Latin America. We may not be able to compete effectively in these markets and the cost of
entering these markets may be substantially greater than we expect. If we fail to compete effectively in the new markets we enter, or if the cost of entering those markets is substantially greater than we expect, our business, results of operations
and financial condition could be adversely affected. In addition, if we cannot compete effectively, we may be required to reconsider our strategy to invest in our international expansion plans and change our intent on the repatriation of our
earnings. 

29 

Table of Contents

Our operating results may experience significant quarterly fluctuations. 

We, historically, have experienced significant quarterly fluctuations in our revenues and results of operations and expect these
fluctuations to continue. Among the factors causing these variations have been: 

•

 the nature, number, timing, scope and contractual terms of the projects in which we are engaged; 

•

 delays incurred in the performance of those projects; 

•

 the accuracy of estimates of resources and time required to complete ongoing projects; and 

•

 general economic conditions. 

In addition, our future revenues, operating margins and profitability may fluctuate as a result of: 

•

 changes in pricing in response to customer demand and competitive pressures; 

•

 changes to the financial condition of our clients; 

•

 the mix of on-site and offshore staffing; 

•

 the ratio of fixed-price contracts versus time-and-materials contracts; 

•

 employee wage levels and utilization rates; 

•

 changes in foreign exchange rates, including the Indian rupee versus the U.S. dollar; 

•

 the timing of collection of accounts receivable; 

•

 enactment of new taxes; 

•

 changes in domestic and international income tax rates and regulations; and 

•

 changes to levels and types of stock-based compensation awards and assumptions used to determine the fair value of such awards.

A high percentage of our operating expenses, particularly personnel and rent, are relatively fixed in
advance of any particular period. As a result, unanticipated variations in the number and timing of our projects or in employee wage levels and utilization rates may cause significant variations in our operating results in any particular period, and
could result in losses. Any significant shortfall of revenues in relation to our expectations, any material reduction in utilization rates for our professional staff or variance in the on-site/offshore staffing mix, an unanticipated termination of a
major project, a customer’s decision not to pursue a new project or proceed to succeeding stages of a current project or the completion of several major customer projects during a quarter could require us to pay underutilized employees and
could therefore have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

As a result of
these factors, it is possible that in some future periods, our revenues and operating results may be significantly below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. In such an event, the price of our common stock would likely be
materially and adversely affected. 

We could be held liable for damages or our reputation could be damaged by disclosure of
confidential information or personal data or system failures. 

We are dependent on information technology networks and
systems to process, transmit and store electronic information and to communicate among our locations around the world and with our clients. Security breaches of this infrastructure could lead to shutdowns or disruptions of our systems and potential
unauthorized disclosure of confidential information. In addition, many of our engagements involve projects that are critical to the operations of our customers’ businesses and provide benefits that are difficult to quantify. Any failure in a
customer’s computer system could result in a claim for substantial damages against us, regardless of our responsibility for 

30 

Table of Contents

the failure. Although we attempt to limit by contract our liability for damages arising from negligent acts, errors, mistakes or omissions in rendering our services, we cannot assure you that any
contractual limitations on liability will be enforceable in all instances or will otherwise protect us from liability for damages. 

In addition, we often have access to or are required to manage, utilize, collect and store sensitive or confidential client or employee data, including nonpublic personal data. As a result, we are subject
to numerous U.S. and foreign jurisdiction laws and regulations designed to protect this information, such as the European Union Directive on Data Protection and various U.S. federal and state laws governing the protection of health or
other individually identifiable information. If any person, including any of our employees, negligently disregards or intentionally breaches our established controls with respect to such data or otherwise mismanages or misappropriates that data, we
could be subject to significant liability to our clients or our clients’ customers for breaching contractual confidentiality provisions or privacy laws as well as liability and penalties in connection with any violation of applicable privacy
laws and/or criminal prosecution. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client or employee data, whether through breach of computer systems, systems failure, employee negligence, fraud or misappropriation, or otherwise, could damage
our reputation and cause us to lose clients. Similarly, unauthorized access to or through our information systems or those we develop or manage for our clients, whether by our employees or third parties, could result in negative publicity, legal
liability and damage to our reputation. 

Although we have general liability insurance coverage, including coverage for errors
or omissions, there can be no assurance that coverage will continue to be available on reasonable terms or will be sufficient in amount to cover one or more large claims, or that the insurer will not disclaim coverage as to any future claim. The
successful assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our business could be negatively
affected if we incur legal liability, including with respect to our indemnification obligations, in connection with providing our solutions and services. 

If we fail to meet our contractual obligations or otherwise breach obligations to our clients, we could be subject to legal liability. We may enter into non-standard agreements because we perceive an
important economic opportunity or because our personnel did not adequately adhere to our guidelines. In addition, the contracting practices of our competitors may cause contract terms and conditions that are unfavorable to us to become standard in
the marketplace. If we cannot or do not perform our obligations, we could face legal liability and our contracts might not always protect us adequately through limitations on the scope and/or amount of our potential liability. If we cannot, or do
not, meet our contractual obligations to provide solutions and services, and if our exposure is not adequately limited through the terms of our agreements, we might face significant legal liability and our business could be adversely affected.

In the normal course of business and in conjunction with certain client engagements, we have entered into contractual
arrangements through which we may be obligated to indemnify clients or other parties with whom we conduct business with respect to certain matters. These arrangements can include provisions whereby we agree to hold the indemnified party and certain
of their affiliated entities harmless with respect to third-party claims related to such matters as our breach of certain representations or covenants, or out of our intellectual property infringement, our gross negligence or willful misconduct or
certain other claims made against certain parties. Payments by us under any of these arrangements are generally conditioned on the client making a claim and providing us with full control over the defense and settlement of such claim. It is not
possible to determine the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. Historically, we have not made payments under these indemnification agreements
so they have not had any impact on our operating results, financial position, or cash flows. However, if events arise requiring us to make payment for indemnification claims under our indemnification obligations in contracts we have entered, such
payments could have material impact on our operating results, financial position, and cash flows. 

31 

Table of Contents

We could incur liability or our reputation could be damaged if our provision of services
and solutions to our clients contributes to our clients’ internal control deficiencies. 

Our clients may perform
audits or require us to perform audits and provide audit reports with respect to the controls and procedures that we use in the performance of services for such clients, especially when we process data belonging to them. Our ability to acquire new
clients and retain existing clients may be adversely affected and our reputation could be harmed if we receive a qualified opinion, or if we cannot obtain an unqualified opinion, with respect to our controls and procedures in connection with any
such audit in a timely manner. Additionally, we could incur liability if our controls and procedures, or the controls and procedures we manage for a client, were to result in internal controls failures or impair our client’s ability to comply
with its own internal control requirements. 

If we are unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our business may
be adversely affected. 

Our future success will depend, in part, on our ability to protect our proprietary methodologies
and other intellectual property. We presently hold no patents or registered copyrights, and rely upon a combination of copyright and trade secret laws, non-disclosure and other contractual arrangements and various security measures to protect our
intellectual property rights. Existing laws of some countries in which we provide services or solutions, such as China, might offer only limited protection of our intellectual property rights. India is a member of the Berne Convention, and has
agreed to recognize protections on copyrights conferred under the laws of foreign countries, including the laws of the United States. We believe that laws, rules, regulations and treaties in effect in the United States, India and other countries in
which we operate are adequate to protect us from misappropriation or unauthorized use of our copyrights and other intellectual property. However, there can be no assurance that these laws will not change and, in particular, that the laws of India or
the United States will not change in ways that may prevent or restrict the transfer of software components, libraries and toolsets from India to the United States or from the United States to India. There can be no assurance that the steps we have
taken to protect our intellectual property rights will be adequate to deter misappropriation of any of our intellectual property, or that we will be able to detect unauthorized use and take appropriate steps to enforce our rights. Enforcing our
rights might also require considerable time, money and oversight. Unauthorized use of our intellectual property may result in development of technology, products or services that compete with our products and services and unauthorized parties may
infringe upon or misappropriate our products, services or proprietary information. If we are unable to protect our intellectual property, our business may be adversely affected. 

Depending on the circumstances, we might need to grant a specific client greater rights in intellectual property developed or used in
connection with a contract than we generally do. In certain situations, we might forego all rights to the use of intellectual property we create and intend to reuse across multiple client engagements, which would limit our ability to reuse that
intellectual property for other clients. Any limitation on our ability to provide a service or solution could cause us to lose revenue-generating opportunities and require us to incur additional expenses to develop new or modified solutions for
future projects. 

Our services or solutions could infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others or we might lose
our ability to utilize the intellectual property of others. 

We cannot be sure that our services and solutions, or the
solutions of others that we offer to our clients, do not infringe on the intellectual property rights of others, and we could have infringement claims asserted against us or against our clients. These claims could harm our reputation, cost us money
and prevent us from offering some services or solutions. In a number of our contracts, we have agreed to indemnify our clients for any expenses or liabilities resulting from claimed infringements of the intellectual property rights of third parties.
In some instances, the amount of these indemnities could be greater than the revenues we receive from the client. Any claims or litigation in this area, whether we ultimately win or lose, could be time-consuming and costly, injure our reputation or
require us to enter into royalty or licensing arrangements. If the latter, we might not be able to enter into these royalty or licensing arrangements on acceptable terms. If a claim of infringement were

32 

Table of Contents

successful against us or our clients, an injunction might be ordered against our client or our own services or operations, causing further damages. We expect that the risk of infringement claims
against us will increase if our competitors are able to obtain patents for software products and processes. Any infringement claim or litigation against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

We could lose our ability or be unable to secure the right to utilize the intellectual property of others.
Third-party suppliers of software, hardware or other intellectual assets could be unwilling to permit us to use their intellectual property and this could impede or disrupt use of their products or services by us and our clients. If our ability to
provide services and solutions to our clients is impaired, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

We may be
unable to integrate acquired companies or technologies successfully and we may be subject to certain liabilities assumed in connection with our acquisitions that could harm our operating results. 

We expect to continue our program of pursuing strategic acquisitions and joint ventures designed to enhance our capabilities, enable us
to expand our geographic presence, especially in the European market, enter new technology areas and/or expand our capacity. We cannot be sure that we will successfully identify suitable acquisition candidates, consummate any acquisition or joint
venture, integrate any acquired business or joint venture into our operations or achieve desired financial and operating results. Further, acquisitions and joint ventures involve a number of special risks, including diversion of management’s
attention and failure to retain key personnel. We might need to dedicate additional management and other resources to complete the transactions. Our organizational structure could make it difficult for us to efficiently integrate acquired businesses
or technologies into our ongoing operations and assimilate employees of those businesses into our culture and operations. Accordingly, we might fail to realize the expected benefits or strategic objectives of any acquisition we undertake. If we are
unable to complete the number and kind of acquisitions for which we plan, or if we are inefficient or unsuccessful at integrating any acquired businesses into our operations, we may not be able to achieve our planned rates of growth or improve our
market share, profitability or competitive position in specific markets or services. Also, we may finance any future acquisitions with cash, debt financing, the issuance of equity securities or a combination of the foregoing. We cannot assure you
that we will be able to arrange adequate financing on acceptable terms. In addition, acquisitions financed with the issuance of our equity securities could be dilutive. 

Although we conduct due diligence in connection with each of our acquisitions, there may be liabilities that we fail to discover or that we inadequately assess in our due diligence efforts. In particular,
to the extent that any acquired businesses or properties failed to comply with or otherwise violated applicable laws or regulations, or failed to fulfill their contractual obligations to customers, we, as the successor owner, may be financially
responsible for these violations and failures and may suffer reputational harm or otherwise be adversely affected. While we generally require the selling party to indemnify us for any and all damages associated with such liabilities, if for any
reason the seller does not perform their indemnification obligation, we may be held responsible for such liabilities and have no recourse for resulting damages. In addition, as part of an acquisition, we may assume responsibilities and obligations
of the acquired business pursuant to the terms and conditions of services agreements entered by the acquired entity that are not consistent with the terms and conditions that we typically accept and require. Although we attempt to structure
acquisitions in such a manner as to minimize the liability that could arise from such contractual commitments, we cannot assure you that any of our efforts to minimize the liability will be effective in all instances or will otherwise protect us
from liability for damages under such agreements. The discovery of any material liabilities associated with our acquisitions for which we are unable to receive indemnification could harm our operating results. 

System failure or disruptions in communications could disrupt our business and result in lost customers and curtailed operations which
would reduce our revenue and profitability. 

To deliver our services to our customers, we must maintain a high speed
network of satellite, fiber optic and land lines and active voice and data communications twenty-four hours a day between our main operating offices in Chennai, our other development and delivery centers and the offices of our customers worldwide.
Although 

33 

Table of Contents

we maintain redundancy facilities and satellite communications links, any systems failure or a significant lapse in our ability to transmit voice and data through satellite and telephone
communications could result in lost customers and curtailed operations which would reduce our revenue and profitability. 

Consolidation in the industries that we serve could adversely affect our business. 

Companies in the industries that we serve may seek to achieve economies of scale and other synergies by combining with or acquiring other
companies. If two or more of our current clients merge or consolidate and combine their operations, it may decrease the amount of work that we perform for these clients. If one of our current clients merges or consolidates with a company that relies
on another provider for its consulting, systems integration and technology, or outsourcing services, we may lose work from that client or lose the opportunity to gain additional work. The increased market power of larger companies could also
increase pricing and competitive pressures on us. Any of these possible results of industry consolidation could adversely affect our business. 

Our ability to attract and retain business may depend on our reputation in the marketplace. 

Our services are marketed to clients and prospective clients based on a number of factors. Since many of our specific client engagements involve unique services and solutions, our corporate reputation is
a significant factor in our clients’ evaluation of whether to engage our services. We believe the Cognizant brand name and our reputation are important corporate assets that help distinguish our services from those of our competitors and also
contribute to our efforts to recruit and retain talented employees. However, our corporate reputation is potentially susceptible to damage by actions or statements made by current or former clients, competitors, vendors, adversaries in legal
proceedings, government regulators, as well as members of the investment community and the media. There is a risk that negative information about our company, even if based on false rumor or misunderstanding, could adversely affect our business. In
particular, damage to our reputation could be difficult and time-consuming to repair, could make potential or existing clients reluctant to select us for new engagements, resulting in a loss of business, and could adversely affect our recruitment
and retention efforts. Damage to our reputation could also reduce the value and effectiveness of the Cognizant brand name and could reduce investor confidence in us, adversely affecting our share price. 

Provisions in our charter, by-laws and stockholders’ rights plan and provisions under Delaware law may discourage unsolicited
takeover proposals. 

Provisions in our charter and by-laws, each as amended, our stockholders’ rights plan and
Delaware General Corporate Law, or DGCL, may have the effect of deterring unsolicited takeover proposals or delaying or preventing changes in our control or management, including transactions in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium
for their shares over then-current market prices. In addition, these documents and provisions may limit the ability of stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests. Our board of directors has the authority,
without further action by the stockholders, to fix the rights and preferences, and issue shares of preferred stock. Our charter provides for a classified board of directors, which will prevent a change of control of our board of directors at a
single meeting of stockholders. The prohibition of our stockholders’ ability to act by written consent and to call a special meeting will delay stockholder actions until annual meetings or until a special meeting is called by our chairman or
chief executive officer or our board of directors. The supermajority-voting requirement for specified amendments to our charter and by-laws allows a minority of our stockholders to block those amendments. The DGCL also contains provisions preventing
stockholders from engaging in business combinations with us, subject to certain exceptions. These provisions could also discourage bids for our common stock at a premium as well as create a depressive effect on the market price of the shares of our
common stock. 

New and changing corporate governance and public disclosure requirements add uncertainty to our compliance
policies and increases our costs of compliance. 

Changing laws, regulations and standards relating to accounting,
corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, other SEC regulations, and the NASDAQ Global Select Market rules, are creating uncertainty for companies like ours. These laws, regulations and standards may lack
specificity and are subject to varying interpretations. Their application in practice may evolve over time, as new 

34 

Table of Contents

guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs of compliance as a result of ongoing revisions
to such corporate governance standards. 

In particular, our efforts to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
of 2002 and the related regulations regarding our required assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting and our external auditors’ audit of that assessment requires the commitment of significant financial and managerial
resources. We consistently assess the adequacy of our internal controls over financial reporting, remediate any control deficiencies that may be identified, and validate through testing that our controls are functioning as documented. While we do
not anticipate any material weaknesses, the inability of management and our independent auditor to provide us with an unqualified report as to the adequacy and effectiveness, respectively, of our internal controls over financial reporting for future
year ends could result in adverse consequences to us, including, but not limited to, a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which could cause the market price of our stock to decline. 

We are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance and public disclosure, and our efforts to comply with evolving
laws, regulations and standards in this regard have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance
activities. In addition, the laws, regulations and standards regarding corporate governance may make it more difficult for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance. Further, our board members, chief executive officer and chief financial
officer could face an increased risk of personal liability in connection with their performance of duties. As a result, we may face difficulties attracting and retaining qualified board members and executive officers, which could harm our business.
If we fail to comply with new or changed laws, regulations or standards of corporate governance, our business and reputation may be harmed. 

Our share price could be adversely affected if we are unable to maintain effective internal controls. 

The accuracy of our financial reporting is dependent on the effectiveness of our internal controls. We are required to provide a report from management to our shareholders on our internal control over
financial reporting that includes an assessment of the effectiveness of these controls. Internal control over financial reporting has inherent limitations, including human error, the possibility that controls could be circumvented or become
inadequate because of changed conditions, and fraud. Because of these inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting might not prevent or detect all misstatements or fraud. If we cannot maintain and execute adequate internal control
over financial reporting or implement required new or improved controls to ensure the reliability of the financial reporting and preparation of our financial statements for external use, we could suffer harm to our reputation, fail to meet our
public reporting requirements on a timely basis, or be unable to properly report on our business and the results of our operations, and the market price of our securities could be materially adversely affected. 

We are exposed to credit risk and fluctuations in the market values of our investment portfolio. 

Recent turmoil in the financial markets has adversely affected economic activity in the United States and other regions of the world in
which we do business. We believe that based on our current cash, cash equivalents and investment balances and expected operating cash flows, the current lack of liquidity in the credit markets will not have a material impact on our liquidity, cash
flow or financial flexibility. Continued deterioration of the credit and capital markets could result in volatility of our investment earnings and impairments to our investment portfolio, which could negatively impact our financial condition
and reported income. The continued decline in economic activity could adversely affect the ability of counterparties to certain financial instruments such as marketable securities and derivatives to meet their obligations to us. 

Our stock price continues to be volatile. 

Our stock has at times experienced substantial price volatility as a result of variations between our actual and anticipated financial results, announcements by us and our competitors, projections or
speculation about our business or that of our competitors by the media or investment analysts or uncertainty about current global 

35 

Table of Contents

economic conditions. The stock market, as a whole, also has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have affected the market price of many technology companies in ways that may
have been unrelated to these companies’ operating performance. Furthermore, we believe our stock price should reflect future growth and profitability expectations and, if we fail to meet these expectations, our stock price may significantly
decline.