Additional Factors That May Affect Future Results 

If any of the following risks occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected.
In such case, the trading price of our Common Stock could decline. 

A substantial portion of our assets and operations are
located in India and we are subject to regulatory, economic and political uncertainties in India. 

We intend to continue to develop and
expand our offshore facilities in India where, as of December 31, 2006, a majority of our technical professionals were located. While wage costs are lower in India than in the United States and other developed countries for comparably skilled
professionals, wages in India are increasing at a faster rate than in the United States, which could result in our incurring increased costs for technical professionals and reduced operating margins. In addition, there is intense competition in
India for skilled technical professionals and we expect that competition to increase. 

India has also experienced civil unrest and
terrorism and has been involved in conflicts with neighboring countries. In recent years, there have been military confrontations between India and Pakistan that have occurred in the region of Kashmir and along the Indian-Pakistan border. The
potential for hostilities between the two countries has been high in light of tensions related to recent terrorist incidents in India and the unsettled nature of the regional geopolitical environment, including events in and related to Afghanistan
and Iraq. If India were to become engaged in armed hostilities, particularly if these hostilities were protracted or involved the threat of or use of weapons of mass destruction, our operations would be materially adversely affected. In addition,
U.S. companies may decline to contract with us for services in light of international terrorist incidents or armed hostilities even where India is not involved because of more generalized concerns about relying on a service provider utilizing
international resources. 

In the past, the Indian economy has experienced many of the problems confronting the economies of developing
countries, including high inflation, erratic gross domestic product growth and shortages of foreign exchange. The Indian government has exercised and continues to exercise significant influence over many aspects of the Indian economy, and Indian
government actions concerning the economy could have a material adverse effect on private sector entities, including us. In the past, the Indian government has provided significant tax incentives and relaxed certain regulatory restrictions in order
to encourage foreign investment in specified sectors of the economy, including the software development services industry. Programs that have benefited us include, among others, tax holidays, liberalized import and export duties and preferential
rules on foreign investment and repatriation. Notwithstanding these benefits, India’s central and state governments remain significantly involved in the Indian economy as regulators. The elimination of any of the benefits realized by us from
our Indian operations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We are
investing substantial cash assets in new facilities and physical infrastructure, and our profitability could be reduced if our business does not grow proportionately. 

As of December 31, 2006, we had contractual commitments of approximately $57.7 million related to capital expenditures on construction or expansion of our development centers. In November 2006, we announced
plans to invest approximately $200 million in new fully-owned development centers. We may encounter cost overruns or project delays in connection with new facilities. These expansions will likely increase our fixed costs and if we are unable to
grow our business and revenues proportionately, our profitability will be reduced. 

Our international sales and operations are subject
to many uncertainties. 

Revenues from customers outside North America represented approximately 14% of our revenues for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2006, 13% of our revenues for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 and 13% of our revenues for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004. We anticipate that revenues from customers outside North America will
continue to account for a material portion of our revenues in the foreseeable future and may increase as we expand our international presence, particularly in Europe. In addition, a majority of our employees and almost all of our IT development
centers are located in India. As a result, we may be subject to risks associated with international operations, including risks associated with foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations and risks associated with the application and imposition of
protective legislation and regulations relating to import or export or otherwise resulting from foreign policy or the variability of foreign economic conditions. From time to time, we may engage in hedging transactions to mitigate our risks relating
to exchange rate fluctuations. Additional risks associated with international operations include difficulties in enforcing intellectual property rights, the burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws, potentially adverse tax
consequences, tariffs, 

14 

Table of Contents

quotas and other barriers and potential difficulties in collecting accounts receivable. In addition, we may face
competition in other countries from companies that may have more experience with operations in such countries or with international operations. We may also face difficulties integrating new facilities in different countries into our existing
operations, as well as integrating employees that we hire in different countries into our existing corporate culture. Our international expansion plans may not be successful and we may not be able to compete effectively in other countries. There can
be no assurance that these and other factors will not have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our operating results may be adversely affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Although we report our operating results in U.S. dollars, a portion of our revenues and expenses are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates can have a number of
adverse effects on us. Because our consolidated financial statements are presented in U.S. dollars, we must translate revenues, expenses and income, as well as assets and liabilities, into U.S. dollars at exchange rates in effect during or
at the end of each reporting period. Therefore, changes in the value of the U.S. dollar against other currencies will affect our revenues before reimbursements, operating income and the value of balance-sheet items originally denominated in
other currencies. There is no guarantee that our financial results will not be adversely affected by currency exchange rate fluctuations or that any efforts by us to engage in currency hedging activities would be effective. In addition, in some
countries we could be subject to strict restrictions on the movement of cash and the exchange of foreign currencies, which could limit our ability to use this cash across our global operations. Finally, as we continue to leverage our global delivery
model, more of our expenses are incurred in currencies other than those in which we bill for the related services. An increase in the value of certain currencies, such as the Indian rupee, against the U.S. dollar could increase costs for
delivery of services at off-shore sites by increasing labor and other costs that are denominated in local currency. 

We face intense
competition from other IT service providers. 

The intensely competitive IT professional services market includes a large number of
participants and is subject to rapid change. This market includes participants from a variety of market segments, including: 

•

 systems integration firms; 

•

 contract programming companies; 

•

 application software companies; 

•

 Internet solutions providers; 

•

 the professional services groups of computer equipment companies; and 

•

 infrastructure management and outsourcing companies. 

The market also includes numerous smaller local competitors in the various geographic markets in which we operate. Our direct competitors who use the on-site/offshore business model include, among others, Infosys
Technologies, Tata Consultancy Services and WIPRO. In addition, many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, technical and marketing resources and greater name recognition than we do. Some of these larger competitors, such as
Accenture, Electronic Data Systems and IBM Global Services, have offshore operations. We cannot assure you that we will be able to sustain our current levels of profitability or growth as competitive pressures, including competition for skilled IT
development professionals and pricing pressure from competitors employing an on-site/offshore business model, increase. 

We may not be
able to sustain our current level of profitability. 

For the year ended December 31, 2006, we had an operating margin of 18.2%
compared to an operating margin of 20.1% for year ended December 31, 2005. Our operating margin has declined as a result of the adoption of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (SFAS) No. 123R, “Share-Based Payment” (SFAS No.
123R), which required us to record stock compensation expense for stock option grants in our consolidated statement of operations effective January 1, 2006. Our operating margin may decline further if we experience declines in demand and
pricing for our services. In addition, wages in India are increasing at a faster rate than in the United States, which could result in us incurring increased costs for technical professionals. Additionally, the number of stock options issued and the
assumptions used in the stock option pricing model may change resulting in increased stock option expense and lower margins. Although we have been able to partially offset wage increases and foreign currency fluctuations through further leveraging
of our low-cost operating structure, obtaining price increases and issuing a lower number of options than in earlier years, we cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to do so in the future. 

15 

Table of Contents

Our business will suffer if we fail to develop new services and enhance our existing services in order
to keep pace with the rapidly evolving technological environment. 

The IT services market is characterized by rapid technological
change, evolving industry standards, changing customer preferences and new product and service introductions. Our future success will depend on our ability to develop solutions that keep pace with changes in the IT services market. We cannot assure
you that we will be successful in developing new services addressing evolving technologies on a timely or cost-effective basis or, if these services are developed, that we will be successful in the marketplace. In addition, we cannot assure you that
products, services or technologies developed by others will not render our services non-competitive or obsolete. Our failure to address these developments could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Our ability to remain competitive will also depend on our ability to design and implement, in a timely and cost-effective
manner, solutions for customers moving from the mainframe environment to client/server or other advanced architectures. Our failure to design and implement solutions in a timely and cost-effective manner could have a material adverse effect on our
business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We may face difficulties in providing end-to-end business solutions for our
clients that could cause clients to discontinue their work with us, which in turn could harm our business. 

We have been expanding the
nature and scope of our engagements and have added new service offerings, such as IT consulting, business process outsourcing, systems integration and outsourcing of entire portions of IT infrastructure. The success of these service offerings is
dependent, in part, upon continued demand for such services by our existing and new clients and our ability to meet this demand in a cost-competitive and effective manner. In addition, our ability to effectively offer a wider breadth of end-to-end
business solutions depends on our ability to attract existing or new clients to these service offerings. To obtain engagements for such end-to-end solutions, we also are more likely to compete with large, well-established international consulting
firms, resulting in increased competition and marketing costs. Accordingly, we cannot be certain that our new service offerings will effectively meet client needs or that we will be able to attract existing and new clients to these service
offerings. 

The increased breadth of our service offerings may result in larger and more complex projects with our clients. This will
require us to establish closer relationships with our clients and a thorough understanding of their operations. Our ability to establish such relationships will depend on a number of factors, including the proficiency of our IT professionals and our
management personnel. Our failure to understand our client requirements or our failure to deliver services which meet the requirements specified by our clients could result in termination of client contracts, and we could be liable to our clients
for significant penalties or damages. 

Larger projects may involve multiple engagements or stages, and there is a risk that a client may
choose not to retain us for additional stages or may cancel or delay additional planned engagements. These terminations, cancellations or delays may result from the business or financial condition of our clients or the economy generally, as opposed
to factors related to the quality of our services. Such cancellations or delays make it difficult to plan for project resource requirements, and inaccuracies in such resource planning may have a negative impact on our profitability. 

Our results of operations may be affected by the rate of growth in the use of technology in business and the type and level of technology spending by
our clients. 

Our business depends in part upon continued growth in the use of technology in business by our clients and prospective
clients and their customers and suppliers. In challenging economic environments, our clients may reduce or defer their spending on new technologies in order to focus on other priorities. At the same time, many companies have already invested
substantial resources in their current means of conducting commerce and exchanging information, and they may be reluctant or slow to adopt new approaches that could disrupt existing personnel, processes and infrastructures. If the growth of use of
technology in business or our clients’ spending on technology in business declines, or if we cannot convince our clients or potential clients to embrace new technology solutions, our results of operations could be adversely affected.

Competition for highly skilled technical personnel is intense and the success of our business depends on our ability to attract and
retain highly skilled professionals. 

Our future success will depend to a significant extent on our ability to attract, train and retain
highly skilled IT development professionals. In particular, we need to attract, train and retain project managers, IT engineers and other senior technical personnel. We believe there is a shortage of, and significant competition for, IT development
professionals in the United States and India with the advanced technological skills necessary to perform the services we offer. We have subcontracted, to a limited extent in the past, and may do so in the future, with other service providers in
order to meet our 

16 

Table of Contents

obligations to our customers. Our ability to maintain and renew existing engagements and obtain new business will depend,
in large part, on our ability to attract, train and retain technical personnel with the skills that keep pace with continuing changes in information technology, evolving industry standards and changing customer preferences. Further, we must train
and manage our growing work force, requiring an increase in the level of responsibility for both existing and new management personnel. We cannot assure you that the management skills and systems currently in place will be adequate or that we will
be able to train and assimilate new employees successfully. Our failure to attract, train and retain current or future employees could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our growth may be hindered by immigration restrictions. 

Our future success will depend on our ability to attract and retain employees with technical and project management skills from developing countries, especially India. The vast majority of our IT professionals in the
United States and in Europe are Indian nationals. The ability of Indian nationals to work in the United States depends on their ability and our ability to obtain the necessary visas and work permits. 

The H-1B visa classification enables U.S. employers to hire qualified foreign workers in positions that require an education at least equal to a
Baccalaureate Degree in the United States in specialty occupations such as IT systems engineering and systems analysis. The H-1B visa usually permits an individual to work and live in the United States for a period of up to six years. There is a
limit on the number of new H-1B petitions that United States Citizenship and Immigration Services, or CIS, one of the successor agencies to the Immigration and Naturalization Service, may approve in any federal fiscal year, and in years in which
this limit is reached, we may be unable to obtain H-1B visas necessary to bring foreign employees to the United States. In the current federal fiscal year, the limit is 65,000. The fiscal year 2007 cap was reached on May 26, 2006. The FY 2007
cap of 20,000 for graduates of U.S. advance degree programs was reached on July 26, 2006. We will be able to file H-1B applications against the FY 2008 cap beginning on April 1, 2007 for work in H-1B status beginning on October 1,
2007. Each year the H-1B cap is reached at an earlier point prior to the beginning of the fiscal year for which the H-1B’s will be available. However, as a part of our advanced planning process, we believe that we have sufficient employees
visa-ready to meet our anticipated business growth in the current year. In addition, there are strict labor regulations associated with the H-1B visa classification. Higher users of the H-1B visa program are subject to investigations by the Wage and
Hour Division of the United States Department of Labor. A finding by the United States Department of Labor of willful or substantial failure by us to comply with existing regulations on the H-1B classification may result in back-pay liability,
substantial fines, and/or a ban on future use of the H-1B program and other immigration benefits. 

We also regularly transfer employees of
our subsidiary in India to the United States to work on projects and at client sites, using the L-1 visa classification. The L-1 visa allows companies abroad to transfer certain managers, executives and employees with specialized company knowledge
to related U.S. companies such as a parent, subsidiary, affiliate, joint venture, or branch office. We have an approved “Blanket L Program,” under which the corporate relationships of our transferring and receiving entities have been
pre-approved by the CIS, thus enabling individual L-1 applications to be presented directly to a U.S. consular post abroad rather than undergoing the pre-approval process in the United States. In recent years, both the U.S. consular posts that
review initial L-1 applications and the CIS offices, which adjudicate extensions of L-1 status, have become more restrictive with respect to this category. As a result, the rate of refusals of initial L-1 applications and of extensions has
increased. In addition, even where L-1 visas are ultimately granted and issued, security measures undertaken by U.S. consular posts around the world have delayed visa issuances. Our inability to bring qualified technical personnel into the United
States to staff on-site customer locations would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

On December 8, 2004, President Bush signed the L-1 Visa Reform Act, which was part of the FY 2005 Omnibus Appropriations Act (Public Law 108-447 at Division J, Title IV). This legislation contained several important changes to the laws
governing L-1 visa holders. All of the changes took effect on June 8, 2005. Under one provision of the new law, all L-1 applicants, including those brought to the United States under a Blanket L Program, must have worked abroad with the related
company for one full year in the prior three years. The provision allowing Blanket L applicants who had worked abroad for the related company for six months during the qualifying three-year period was revoked. In addition, L-1B holders (intracompany
transferees with specialized company knowledge) may not be primarily stationed at the work site of another employer if the L-1B holder will be controlled and supervised by an employer other than the petitioning employer. Finally, L-1B status may not
be granted where placement of the L-1B visa holder at a third party site is part of an arrangement to provide labor for the third party, rather than placement at the site in connection with the provision of a product or service involving specialized
knowledge specific to the petitioning employer. 

We do not place L-1B workers at third party sites where they are under the supervision of
a different employer, nor do we place L-1B holders at third party sites in an arrangement to provide labor for the third party, without providing a service involving our specialized knowledge. Since implementation of the new law, we have not
encountered any difficulty in 

17 

Table of Contents

establishing this fact to CIS’s satisfaction. However, the United States Department of State is still in the process
of implementing this provision at U.S. consular posts abroad. If these posts decide to interpret these provisions in a very restrictive fashion, this could impair our ability to staff our projects in the United States with resources from our
entities abroad. In addition, CIS has not yet issued regulations governing these new provisions. If such regulations are restrictive in nature, this could impair our ability to staff our projects in the United States with resources from our entities
abroad. 

We also process immigrant visas for lawful permanent residence for employees to fill positions for which there are no able,
willing and qualified U.S. workers available to fill the positions. Compliance with existing U.S. immigration and labor laws, or changes in those laws making it more difficult to hire foreign nationals or limiting our ability to successfully obtain
permanent residence for our foreign employees in the United States, could require us to incur additional unexpected labor costs and expenses or could restrain our ability to retain the skilled professionals we need for our operations in the United
States. Any of these restrictions or limitations on our hiring practices could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In addition to immigration restrictions in the United States, there are certain restrictions on transferring our employees to work in the United Kingdom,
where we have experienced significant growth. The United Kingdom requires that employees who are not nationals of the European Economic Area (EEA), which includes nationals of all European Union countries (except Bulgaria and Romania) plus Iceland,
Norway, Liechtenstein and Switzerland, to obtain an intra-company transfer work permit before beginning to perform work. Under the work permit regulations, in order for us to transfer our non-EEA employees to the United Kingdom, we must demonstrate
that the employee had been employed by us for at least six months prior to the transfer and that the position in the United Kingdom requires someone with either: (1) a United Kingdom degree level qualification; or (2) a Higher National
Diploma (HND) level occupational qualification which is relevant to the UK position; or (3) a general HND level qualification plus one year’s work experience doing the type of job for which the work permit is sought; or (4) at least
three years’ high-level specialist skills acquired through doing the type of job for which the work permit is sought. These restrictions restrain our ability to add the skilled professionals we need for our operations in Europe, and could have
an adverse affect on our international strategy to expand our presence in Europe. As a result, the work permit legislation in the United Kingdom could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Immigration and work permit laws and regulations in the United States, the United Kingdom and other countries are subject to legislative
and administrative changes as well as changes in the application of standards and enforcement. Immigration and work permit laws and regulation can be significantly affected by political forces and levels of economic activity. Our international
expansion strategy and our business, results of operations and financial condition may be materially adversely affected if changes in immigration and work permit laws and regulations or the administration or enforcement of such laws or regulations
impair our ability to staff projects with IT professionals who are not citizens of the country where the work is to be performed. 

Our
global operations expose us to numerous and sometimes conflicting legal and regulatory requirements, and violation of these regulations could harm our business. 

Because we provide services to clients throughout the world, we are subject to numerous, and sometimes conflicting, legal rules on matters as diverse as import/export controls, content requirements, trade
restrictions, tariffs, taxation, sanctions, government affairs, internal and disclosure control obligations, data privacy and labor relations. Violations of these regulations in the conduct of our business could result in fines, criminal sanctions
against us or our officers, prohibitions on doing business and damage to our reputation. Violations of these regulations in connection with the performance of our obligations to our clients also could result in liability for monetary damages, fines
and/or criminal prosecution, unfavorable publicity, restrictions on our ability to process information and allegations by our clients that we have not performed our contractual obligations. Due to the varying degrees of development of the legal
systems of the countries in which we operate, local laws might be insufficient to protect our rights. Our failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and
financial condition. 

Anti-outsourcing legislation, if adopted, could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations and impair our ability to service our customers. 

The issue of outsourcing of services abroad by U.S. companies is a topic of
political discussion in the United States. Measures aimed at limiting or restricting outsourcing by U.S. companies are under discussion in Congress and in numerous state legislatures. While no substantive anti-outsourcing legislation has been
introduced to date, given the ongoing debate over this issue, the introduction of such legislation is possible. If introduced, such measures are likely to fall within two categories: (1) a broadening of restrictions on outsourcing by federal
and state government agencies and on government contracts with firms that outsource services directly or indirectly, and/or (2) measures that impact private industry, such as tax disincentives or intellectual property transfer restrictions. In
the event that any of these measures become law, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected and our ability to service our customers could be impaired. 

18 

Table of Contents

An economic slowdown, hostilities involving the United States, and other acts of terrorism, violence
or war could delay or reduce the number of new purchase orders we receive and impair our ability to service our customers, thereby adversely affecting our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Approximately 86% of our revenue during the year ended December 31, 2006 was derived from customers located in the United States. In the event of an
economic slowdown, our customers may delay or reduce their IT spending significantly, which may in turn lower the demand for our services and could have a material adverse affect on our financial results. Further, hostilities involving the United
States and other acts of terrorism, violence or war, such as the attacks of September 11, 2001 in the United States, the attacks of July 7, 2005 in the United Kingdom, and the continuing conflict in Iraq, could materially adversely affect
our operations and our ability to service our customers. Hostilities involving the United States could cause customers in the United States to delay their decisions on IT spending, which could affect our financial results. In addition, acts of
terrorism, violence or war could give rise to military or travel disruptions and restrictions affecting our employees. As of December 31, 2006, a majority of our technical professionals were located in India, and the vast majority of our
technical professionals in the United States and Europe are Indian nationals who are able to work in the United States and Europe only because they hold current visas and work permits. Travel restrictions could cause us to incur additional
unexpected labor costs and expenses or could restrain our ability to retain the skilled professionals we need for our operations in the United States and Europe. 

Although we continue to believe that we have a strong competitive position in the United States, we continue to increase our efforts to geographically diversify our clients and revenue. Despite our efforts to
diversify, an economic slowdown, hostilities involving the United States, and other acts of terrorism, violence or war may reduce the demand for our services and negatively affect our revenues and profitability. 

Our inability to employ and effectively implement the right systems, processes and tools to manage our large and expanding enterprise could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

In 2006, we began implementing new financial
and human resource software systems to improve our organizational processes, internal controls and efficiency, and accommodate our anticipated growth. Additionally, to streamline our general and administration infrastructure and costs as a
percentage of revenue, and ensure that we can appropriately scale our operations as our business expands, we are redesigning many operational processes and transitioning certain internal, non-billable roles to our offices in India. These activities
principally relate to finance, human resources and certain IT functions. If we do not timely, efficiently and effectively upgrade or replace systems, redesign processes and implement the preceding role transitions as our business requires, we may be
unable to support our growth effectively or realize cost savings as quickly as expected and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting. Additionally, the quality of our services may decline and our ability to compete successfully
and achieve our business objectives could be impaired if we are unable to successfully complete these initiatives. If we do not continue to employ and effectively implement the right systems, processes and tools to manage our large and expanding
enterprise, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our ability to
operate and compete effectively could be impaired if we lose key personnel. 

Our future performance depends to a significant degree upon
the continued service of the key members of our management team, as well as marketing, sales and technical personnel, and our ability to attract and retain new management and other personnel. We do not maintain key man life insurance on any of our
executive officers or significant employees. Competition for personnel is intense, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to retain our key employees or that we will be successful in attracting and retaining new personnel in the future.
The loss of any one or more of our key personnel or the failure to attract and retain key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Restrictions in non-competition agreements with our executive officers may not be enforceable. 

We have entered into non-competition agreements with most of our executive officers. We cannot assure you, however, that the restrictions in these
agreements prohibiting such executive officers from engaging in competitive activities are enforceable. Further, substantially all of our professional non-executive staff and one new executive officer are not covered by agreements that would
prohibit them from working for our competitors. If any of our key professional personnel leaves our employment and joins one of our competitors, our business could be adversely affected. 

19 

Table of Contents

Our earnings may be adversely affected if we change our intent not to repatriate earnings in India.

Effective January 1, 2002, pursuant to Accounting Principles Board Opinion No. 23, “Accounting for Income Taxes-Special
Areas,” we no longer accrue incremental U.S. taxes on all Indian earnings recognized in 2002 and subsequent periods as these earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested outside of the United States. While we have no plans to do so,
events may occur in the future that could effectively force us to change our intent on repatriating Indian earnings. If we change our intent and repatriate such earnings, we will have to accrue the applicable amount of taxes associated with such
earnings and pay taxes at a substantially higher rate than our effective income rate in 2006. These increased taxes could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

A significant portion of our projects are on a fixed-price basis, subjecting us to the risks associated with cost over-runs and operating cost
inflation. 

We contract to provide services either on a time-and-materials basis or on a fixed-price basis, with fixed-price contracts
accounting for approximately 25% of our revenues for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006 and approximately 25% of our revenues for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005. We expect that an increasing number of our future projects will
be contracted on a fixed-price basis. We bear the risk of cost over-runs and operating cost inflation in connection with projects covered by fixed-price contracts. Our failure to estimate accurately the resources and time required for a fixed-price
project, or our failure to complete our contractual obligations within the time frame committed, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If we do not continue to improve our operational, financial and other internal controls and systems to manage our rapid growth, our business may
suffer and the value of our shareholders’ investment may be harmed. 

Our anticipated growth will continue to place significant
demands on our management and other resources. Our growth will require us to continue to develop and improve our operational, financial and other internal controls, both in the United States, India and elsewhere. In particular, our continued growth
will increase the challenges involved in: 

•

 recruiting and retaining sufficiently skilled technical, marketing and management personnel; 

•

 adhering to our high quality standards; 

•

 maintaining high levels of client satisfaction; 

•

 developing and improving our internal administrative infrastructure, particularly our financial, operational, communications and other internal systems; and

•

 preserving our culture, values and entrepreneurial environment. 

As part of our growth strategy, we are expanding our operations in Europe, Asia and Latin America. We may not be able to compete effectively in these markets and the cost of entering these markets may be substantially
greater than we expect. If we fail to compete effectively in the new markets we enter, or if the cost of entering those markets is substantially greater than we expect, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely
affected. In addition, if we cannot compete effectively, we may be required to reconsider our strategy to invest in our international expansion plans and change our intent on the repatriation of our earnings. 

We rely on a few customers for a large portion of our revenues. 

Our top five customers generated approximately 29% of our revenues in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2006, approximately 34% of our revenues in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2005 and approximately
38% of our revenues in the fiscal year ended December 31, 2004. The volume of work performed for specific customers is likely to vary from year to year, and a major customer in one year may not use our services in a subsequent year. The loss of
one of our large customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
generally do not have long-term contracts with our customers and our results of operations could be adversely affected if our clients terminate their contracts with us on short notice. 

Consistent with industry practice, we generally do not enter into long-term contracts with our customers. A majority of our contracts can be terminated by
our clients with short notice. As a result, we are substantially exposed to volatility in the market for our services, and may not be able to maintain our level of profitability. 

When contracts are terminated, we lose the anticipated revenues and might not be able to eliminate associated costs in a timely manner. Consequently, our
profit margins in subsequent periods could be lower than expected. If we are unable to market our services on terms we find acceptable, our financial condition and results of operations could suffer materially. 

20 

Table of Contents

Our profitability could suffer if we are not able to maintain favorable pricing rates. 

Our profit margin, and therefore our profitability, is dependent on the rates we are able to recover for our services. If we are not able to maintain
favorable pricing for our services, our profit margin and our profitability could suffer. The rates we are able to recover for our services are affected by a number of factors, including: 

•

 our clients’ perceptions of our ability to add value through our services; 

•

 competition; 

•

 introduction of new services or products by us or our competitors; 

•

 our competitors’ pricing policies; 

•

 our ability to accurately estimate, attain and sustain contract revenues, margins and cash flows over increasingly longer contract periods;

•

 bid practices of clients and their use of third-party advisors; 

•

 the use by our competitors and our clients of off-shore resources to provide lower-cost service delivery capabilities; and 

•

 general economic and political conditions. 

Our operating results experience significant quarterly fluctuations. 

We historically have experienced significant quarterly
fluctuations in our revenues and results of operations and expect these fluctuations to continue. Among the factors causing these variations have been: 

•

 the number, timing, scope and contractual terms of IT development and maintenance projects in which we are engaged; 

•

 delays incurred in the performance of those projects; 

•

 the accuracy of estimates of resources and time required to complete ongoing projects; and 

•

 general economic conditions. 

In
addition, our future revenues, operating results and margins may fluctuate as a result of: 

•

 changes in pricing in response to customer demand and competitive pressures; 

•

 the mix of on-site and offshore staffing; 

•

 the ratio of fixed-price contracts versus time-and-materials contracts; 

•

 employee wage levels and utilization rates; 

•

 changes in foreign exchange rates; 

•

 the timing of collection of accounts receivable; 

•

 changes in domestic and international income tax rates and regulations; and 

•

 changes to levels and types of equity-based compensation awards and assumptions used to determine the fair value of such awards. 

A high percentage of our operating expenses, particularly personnel and rent, are relatively fixed in advance of any particular quarter. As a result,
unanticipated variations in the number and timing of our projects or in employee wage levels and utilization rates may cause significant variations in our operating results in any particular quarter, and could result in losses. Any significant
shortfall of revenues in relation to our expectations, any material reduction in utilization rates for our professional staff or variance in the on-site, offshore staffing mix, an unanticipated termination of a major project, a customer’s
decision not to pursue a new project or proceed to succeeding stages of a current project or the completion during a quarter of several major customer projects could require us to pay underutilized employees and could therefore have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

As a result of these factors, it is possible that in some
future periods, our revenues and operating results may be significantly below the expectations of public market analysts and investors. In such an event, the price of our common stock would likely be materially and adversely affected. 

Our profitability could suffer if we are not able to maintain favorable utilization rates. 

The cost of providing our services, including the utilization rate of our professionals, affects our profitability. If we are not able to maintain an
appropriate utilization rate for our professionals, our profit margin and our profitability may suffer. Our utilization rates are affected by a number of factors, including: 

•

 our ability to transition employees from completed projects to new assignments and to hire and assimilate new employees; 

21 

Table of Contents

•

 our ability to forecast demand for our services and thereby maintain an appropriate headcount in each of our geographies and workforces;

•

 our ability to manage attrition; and 

•

 our need to devote time and resources to training, professional development and other non-chargeable activities. 

Liability claims for damages caused by disclosure of confidential information or system failures could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Many of our engagements involve projects that are critical to the operations of our customers’ businesses and provide benefits
that are difficult to quantify. Any failure in a customer’s computer system could result in a claim for substantial damages against us, regardless of our responsibility for the failure. Although we attempt to limit by contract our liability for
damages arising from negligent acts, errors, mistakes or omissions in rendering our IT development and maintenance services, we cannot assure you that any contractual limitations on liability will be enforceable in all instances or will otherwise
protect us from liability for damages. 

In addition, we often have access to or are required to collect and store confidential client and
customer data. If any person, including any of our employees, penetrates our network security or misappropriates sensitive data, we could be subject to significant liability from our clients or from our clients’ customers for breaching
contractual confidentiality provisions or privacy laws. Unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential client and customer data, whether through breach of our computer systems, systems failure or otherwise, could damage our reputation and
cause us to lose clients. 

Although we have general liability insurance coverage, including coverage for errors or omissions, there can be
no assurance that coverage will continue to be available on reasonable terms or will be available in sufficient amounts to cover one or more large claims, or that the insurer will not disclaim coverage as to any future claim. The successful
assertion of one or more large claims against us that exceed available insurance coverage or changes in our insurance policies, including premium increases or the imposition of large deductible or co-insurance requirements, could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We may have potential liability arising from the IMS
Health exchange offer in the event that we breach any of our representations in connection with the Distribution Agreement entered into with IMS Health. 

We entered into a Distribution Agreement, dated January 7, 2003, with IMS Health, the Distribution Agreement, that provides, among other things, that IMS Health and we will comply with, and not take any action
during the relevant time period that is inconsistent with, the representations made to and relied upon by McDermott, Will & Emery in connection with rendering its opinion regarding U.S. federal income tax consequences of the exchange offer.
In addition, pursuant to the Distribution Agreement, we agreed to indemnify IMS Health for any tax liability to which they may be subject as a result of the exchange offer but only to the extent that such tax liability resulted solely from a breach
of the representations that we made and were relied upon by McDermott, Will & Emery in connection with rendering its opinion regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the exchange offer. If we breach any of our representations
in connection with the Distribution Agreement, the related indemnification liability could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. 

We may be subject to legacy Dun & Bradstreet liabilities that could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial
condition. 

In 1996, The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation, now known as R.H. Donnelly Corporation, split itself into three separate
companies: The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation, Cognizant Corporation and ACNielsen Corporation. In connection with the split-up transaction, The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation, Cognizant Corporation (renamed Nielsen Media Research), of
which we were once a part, and ACNielsen Corporation (now a subsidiary of the Dutch company VNU N.A.) entered into a distribution agreement. In the 1996 distribution agreement, each party assumed the liabilities relating to the businesses allocated
to it and agreed to indemnify the other parties and their subsidiaries against those liabilities and certain other matters. The 1996 distribution agreement also prohibited each party thereto from distributing to our stockholders any business
allocated to it unless the distributed business delivered undertakings agreeing to be jointly and severally liable to the other parties under the 1996 distribution agreement for the liabilities of the distributing parent company under the 1996
distribution agreement. IMS Health made such undertaking when it was spun off by Nielsen Media Research in 1998 and, accordingly, IMS Health and Nielsen Media Research are jointly and severally liable to R.H. Donnelly and ACNielsen for 

22 

Table of Contents

Cognizant Corporation obligations under the terms of the 1996 distribution agreement. IMS Health has requested similar
undertakings from us as a condition to the distribution of our shares in the exchange offer. IMS Health is obligated to procure similar undertakings from us to Nielsen Media Research and Synavant Inc. with respect to liabilities allocated to IMS
Health in connection with Nielsen Media Research’s spin-off of IMS Health and IMS Health’s spin-off of Synavant Inc. In connection with the exchange offer, we gave these undertakings and, as a result, we may be subject to claims in the
future in relation to legacy liabilities. 

Claims have arisen in the past and may arise in the future under the 1996 distribution agreement
or the distribution agreements relating to Nielsen Media Research’s spin-off of IMS Health and IMS Health’s spin-off of Synavant Inc., in which case we may be jointly and severally liable for any losses suffered by the parties entitled to
indemnification. IMS Health has agreed to indemnify us for any and all liabilities that arise out of our undertakings to be jointly and severally liable for these liabilities, but if for any reason IMS Health does not perform on our indemnification
obligation, these liabilities could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 

If we are
unable to protect our intellectual property rights, our business may be adversely affected. 

Our future success will depend in part on
our ability to protect our proprietary methodologies and other intellectual property. We presently hold no patents or registered copyrights, and rely upon a combination of copyright and trade secret laws, non-disclosure and other contractual
arrangements and various security measures to protect our intellectual property rights. Existing laws of some countries in which we provide services or solutions might offer only limited protection of our intellectual property rights. India is a
member of the Berne Convention, and has agreed to recognize protections on copyrights conferred under the laws of foreign countries, including the laws of the United States. We believe that laws, rules, regulations and treaties in effect in the
United States and India are adequate to protect us from misappropriation or unauthorized use of our copyrights. However, there can be no assurance that these laws will not change and, in particular, that the laws of India or the United States will
not change in ways that may prevent or restrict the transfer of software components, libraries and toolsets from India to the United States or from the United States to India. There can be no assurance that the steps we have taken to protect our
intellectual property rights will be adequate to deter misappropriation of any of our intellectual property, or that we will be able to detect unauthorized use and take appropriate steps to enforce our rights. Unauthorized use of our intellectual
property may result in development of technology, products or services which compete with our products and unauthorized parties may infringe upon or misappropriate our products, services or proprietary information. If we are unable to protect our
intellectual property, our business may be adversely affected. 

Our services or solutions could infringe upon the intellectual property
rights of others or we might lose our ability to utilize the intellectual property of others. 

We cannot be sure that our services and
solutions, or the solutions of others that we offer to our clients, do not infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties, and we could have infringement claims asserted against us or against our clients. These claims could harm our
reputation, cost us money and prevent us from offering some services or solutions. In a number of our contracts, we have agreed to indemnify our clients for any expenses or liabilities resulting from claimed infringements of the intellectual
property rights of third parties. In some instances, the amount of these indemnities could be greater than the revenues we receive from the client. Any claims or litigation in this area, whether we ultimately win or lose, could be time-consuming and
costly, injure our reputation or require us to enter into royalty or licensing arrangements. We might not be able to enter into these royalty or licensing arrangements on acceptable terms. If a claim of infringement were successful against us or our
clients, an injunction might be ordered against our client or our own services or operations, causing further damages. We expect that the risk of infringement claims against us will increase if our competitors are able to obtain patents for software
products and processes. Any infringement claim or litigation against us could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We could lose our ability or be unable to secure the right to utilize the intellectual property of others. Third-party suppliers of software, hardware or
other intellectual assets could be unwilling to permit us to use their intellectual property or be acquired or used, and this could impede or disrupt use of their products or services by us and our clients. If our ability to provide services and
solutions to our clients is impaired, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

We may be unable to integrate acquired
companies or technologies successfully and we may be subject to certain liabilities assumed in connection with our acquisitions that could harm our operating results. 

We believe that opportunities exist in the fragmented IT services market to expand our business through selective strategic acquisitions and joint ventures. We believe that acquisition and joint venture candidates may
enable us to expand our geographic presence, especially in the European market, enter new technology areas or expand our capacity. We cannot 

23 

Table of Contents

assure you that we will identify suitable acquisition candidates available for sale at reasonable prices, consummate any
acquisition or joint venture or successfully integrate any acquired business or joint venture into our operations. Further, acquisitions and joint ventures involve a number of special risks, including diversion of management’s attention,
failure to retain key personnel, unanticipated events or circumstances and legal liabilities, some or all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may finance any future
acquisitions with cash, debt financing, the issuance of equity securities or a combination of the foregoing. We cannot assure you that we will be able to arrange adequate financing on acceptable terms. In addition, acquisitions financed with the
issuance of our equity securities could be dilutive. 

Although we conduct due diligence in connection with each of our acquisitions, there
may be liabilities that we fail to discover or that we inadequately assess in our due diligence efforts. In particular, to the extent that prior owners of any acquired businesses or properties failed to comply with or otherwise violated applicable
laws or regulations, or failed to fulfill their contractual obligations to customers, we, as the successor owner, may be financially responsible for these violations and failures and may suffer reputational harm or otherwise be adversely affected.
While we generally require the selling party to indemnify us for any and all liabilities associated with such liabilities, if for any reason the seller does not perform their indemnification obligation, we may be held responsible for such
liabilities. The discovery of any material liabilities associated with our acquisitions for which we are unable to receive indemnification for could harm our operating results. 

System failure or disruptions in telecommunications could disrupt our business and result in lost customers and curtailed operations which would
reduce our revenue and profitability. 

To deliver our services to our customers, we must maintain a high speed network of satellite,
fiber optic and land lines and active voice and data communications 24 hours a day between our main offices in Chennai, our other IT development centers in India and globally and the offices of our customers worldwide. Although we maintain
redundancy facilities and satellite communications links, any systems failure or a significant lapse in our ability to transmit voice and data through satellite and telephone communications could result in lost customers and curtailed operations
which would reduce our revenue and profitability. 

Provisions in our charter, by-laws and stockholders’ rights plan and provisions
under Delaware law may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals. 

Provisions in our charter and by-laws, each as amended, our
stockholders’ rights plan and Delaware General Corporate Law, or DGCL, may have the effect of deterring unsolicited takeover proposals or delaying or preventing changes in our control or management, including transactions in which stockholders
might otherwise receive a premium for their shares over then current market prices. In addition, these documents and provisions may limit the ability of stockholders to approve transactions that they may deem to be in their best interests. Our board
of directors has the authority, without further action by the stockholders, to fix the rights and preferences, and issue shares of preferred stock. Our charter provides for a classified board of directors, which will prevent a change of control of
our board of directors at a single meeting of stockholders. The prohibition of our stockholders’ ability to act by written consent and to call a special meeting will delay stockholder actions until annual meetings or until a special meeting is
called by our chairman or chief executive officer or our board of directors. The supermajority-voting requirement for specified amendments to our charter and by-laws allows a minority of our stockholders to block those amendments. The DGCL also
contains provisions preventing stockholders from engaging in business combinations with us, subject to certain exceptions. These provisions could also discourage bids for our common stock at a premium as well as create a depressive effect on the
market price of the shares of our common stock. 

Compliance with new and changing corporate governance and public disclosure
requirements adds uncertainty to our compliance policies and increases our costs of compliance. 

Changing laws, regulations and
standards relating to accounting, corporate governance and public disclosure, including the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, other SEC regulations, and the NASDAQ Global Select Market rules, are creating uncertainty for companies like ours. These laws,
regulations and standards may lack specificity and are subject to varying interpretations. Their application in practice may evolve over time, as new guidance is provided by regulatory and governing bodies. This could result in continuing
uncertainty regarding compliance matters and higher costs of compliance as a result of ongoing revisions to such corporate governance standards. 

In particular, our efforts to comply with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and the related regulations regarding our required assessment of our internal controls over financial reporting and our external auditors’
audit of that assessment requires the commitment of significant financial and managerial resources. We consistently assess the adequacy of our internal controls over financial reporting, remediate any control deficiencies that may be identified, and
validate through testing that our controls are functioning as documented. While we do not anticipate any material weaknesses, the 

24 

Table of Contents

inability of management and our independent auditor to provide us with an unqualified report as to the adequacy and
effectiveness, respectively, of our internal controls over financial reporting for future year ends could result in adverse consequences to us, including, but not limited to, a loss of investor confidence in the reliability of our financial
statements, which could cause the market price of our stock to decline. 

We are committed to maintaining high standards of corporate
governance and public disclosure, and our efforts to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards in this regard have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of
management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. In addition, the new laws, regulations and standards regarding corporate governance may make it more difficult for us to obtain director and officer liability
insurance. Further, our board members, Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer could face an increased risk of personal liability in connection with their performance of duties. As a result, we may face difficulties attracting and
retaining qualified board members and executive officers, which could harm our business. If we fail to comply with new or changed laws, regulations or standards of corporate governance, our business and reputation may be harmed.