The foregoing discussion of our business and operations should be read together with the risk
factors set forth below. They describe various risks and uncertainties to which we are or may
become subject, many of which are outside of our control. These risks and uncertainties, together
with other factors described elsewhere in this Report, have affected, or may in the future affect,
our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, strategies or prospects in a
material and adverse manner.

HOME BUILDING

The homebuilding industry is undergoing a significant downturn; further deterioration in industry
conditions generally or in the markets where we operate could decrease demand and pricing for new
homes and have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

     The residential homebuilding industry is sensitive to changes in regional and national
economic conditions such as job growth, housing demand, housing supply, availability of financing for homebuyers,
interest rates and

9

Table of Contents

consumer confidence.
At the present time, the U.S. homebuilding industry is undergoing a significant downturn. We
believe this market downturn is primarily attributable to a decline
in consumer confidence leading to an overall reduced demand for new
homes and resulting in an
excess supply of homes available for sale. We believe
the reduction in demand is in turn due to decreased affordability of homes in certain of our
markets, as well as the concerns of prospective homebuyers about the stability of home prices and
their ability to sell their existing homes. In addition, in many cases, speculative buyers have
withdrawn from the market and are no longer helping to fuel demand. Conditions in the U.S. housing
markets had a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations during fiscal year
2007. For example, we experienced significant declines in closings, sales orders and backlog
during fiscal year 2007. We also experienced significant declines in revenues and profit margins
in fiscal year 2007, and our homebuilding operations generated losses from operations in the last
two quarters of the fiscal year. We expect that the industry conditions described above are likely to
continue to have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations, at least in
the near term.

     Any further adverse changes in any of these conditions on a national level, or in the markets
where we operate, could continue to decrease demand and pricing for our homes or cause customers
who have entered into purchase contracts for our homes to fail to perform their obligations, which
could adversely affect the number of home closings we make or reduce the prices we can charge for
homes. Any further adverse changes in these conditions could also result in a decreased value for
the land, housing inventory and housing work-in-progress that we own. Any further adverse changes,
if they occur, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business, revenues or earnings.

The market value of land may fluctuate significantly, which can result in significant decreases in
the value of our developed and undeveloped land holdings.

     The risk of owning developed and undeveloped land can be substantial for homebuilders. The
market value of undeveloped land, buildable lots and housing inventories can fluctuate
significantly as a result of changing economic and market conditions, such as the adverse
conditions we are currently experiencing. During the year ended March 31, 2007, we also determined
it was probable we would not pursue development and construction in certain areas where we had made
land option deposits, which resulted in significant write-offs of land option deposits and
pre-acquisition costs. In addition, during the year ended March 31, 2007, we recorded land
valuation adjustments, or impairments, to land under development primarily due to challenging
market conditions and, to a lesser extent, cost overruns in land development budgets. These
write-offs and impairments adversely affected our operating earnings and operating margins during
the year ended March 31, 2007. If market conditions deteriorate further in future periods, we may
decide not to pursue development and construction in additional areas, and the value of existing
land holdings may continue to decline, which would lead to further write-offs of option deposits
and pre-acquisition costs and further land impairments.

Continued cancellations of existing sales contracts may have a material adverse effect on our
business.

     Our backlog reflects the number and value of homes for which we have entered into a sales
contract with a customer but have not yet closed the home. We have received a customer deposit for
each home reflected in our backlog, and generally we have the right to compel the customer to
complete the purchase. In many cases, however, a customer may cancel the contract and receive a
complete or partial refund of the deposit for reasons such as his or her inability to obtain
mortgage financing or to sell his or her current home. Customers may also decide to run the risk
of failing to perform under the contract without legal justification. If the current industry
downturn continues, or if mortgage financing becomes less available, more homebuyers may cancel
their contracts with us. Significant cancellations have had, and could have in the future, a
material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

Increases in interest rates could make it more difficult or costly for customers to purchase our
homes.

     Most of our homebuilding customers finance their home purchases through our Financial Services
operations or, in some cases, third-party lenders. In general, housing demand is adversely
affected by increases in interest rates or by decreases in the availability of mortgage financing
as a result of increased credit standards, deteriorating customer credit quality or other factors.
Interest rates have been at relatively low levels for several years. Any future increases in
interest rates could cause potential homebuyers to be less willing or able to purchase our homes.
In general, if mortgage rates increase, it could become more difficult or costly for customers to
purchase our homes, which would have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

10

Table of Contents

Competition for homebuyers could reduce our closings or decrease our profitability.

     The homebuilding industry is highly competitive. We compete in each of our markets with many
national, regional and local homebuilders. In recent years, national homebuilders have been able
to compete more effectively and increase their share of the national homebuilding market.
Increasing levels of competition from other national homebuilders or from regional and local
homebuilders in the markets in which we operate could reduce the number of homes we deliver, or
cause us to accept reduced margins in order to maintain sales volume.

     We also compete with resales of existing or foreclosed homes, homes offered by investors and
housing speculators and available rental housing. Increased competitive conditions in the
residential resale or rental market in the markets where we operate could decrease demand for new
homes, cause us to increase our sales incentives or price discounts in order to maintain sales
volumes, increase the volatility of the market for new homes or lead to cancellations of sales
contracts in backlog, any of which could adversely affect our operating results.

The lag between when we acquire land and when we sell homes in our neighborhoods can make our
operations susceptible to the effects of rapid changes in market conditions.

     There is often a significant lag time between when we acquire land for development and when we
sell homes in neighborhoods we have planned, developed and constructed. The market value of home
inventories, undeveloped land and developed home sites can fluctuate significantly during this time
period because of changing market conditions. If the market value of home inventories or other
property decline during this period, we may need to sell homes or other property at a loss or at
prices that generate lower margins than we anticipated when we acquired the land. In certain
situations, to the extent projected sales prices do not exceed the carrying value of the related
assets, or if other market conditions deteriorate, we may be required to record an impairment of
our land or home inventories. In addition, inventory carrying costs for land can be significant
and can result in reduced margins or losses in a poorly performing project or market.

We may not be able to acquire land suitable for residential homebuilding at reasonable prices,
which could limit our ability to expand our homebuilding operations and increase our costs.

     Our ability to expand our homebuilding operations depends upon our ability to acquire land
suitable for residential building at reasonable prices and in locations where we want to build.
Over the past decade, we have experienced an increase in competition for suitable land as a result
of land constraints in certain of our markets. As competition for suitable land increases, and as
available land is developed, the availability of suitable land at acceptable prices may decline.
Any land shortages or any decrease in the supply of suitable land at reasonable prices in certain
specific markets could limit our ability to develop new neighborhoods or result in increased land
acquisition costs. There can be no assurance that, if we experience increased land acquisition
costs, we will be able to pass these costs through to our customers, which could adversely impact
our revenues, earnings and margins.

Government entities have adopted or may adopt slow or no growth initiatives, which could adversely
affect our operations.

     Some municipalities in markets where we operate have approved, and others may approve, slow
growth or no growth homebuilding regulations or laws that could negatively impact the availability
of land and building opportunities within those localities. Approval of these initiatives could
adversely affect our ability to build and sell homes in the affected markets or could require that
we satisfy additional administrative and regulatory requirements, which could slow the progress or
increase the costs of our homebuilding operations in these markets. Any such delays or costs could
have an adverse effect on our revenues and earnings.

Natural disasters and adverse weather conditions could delay closings or increase costs to build
new homes in affected areas.

     The occurrence of natural disasters or adverse weather conditions in the markets in which we
operate can delay new home closings, increase costs by damaging inventories of homes and
construction materials, reduce the availability of raw materials and skilled labor, and negatively
impact the demand for new homes in affected areas. In addition, when natural disasters such as
hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes, floods and fires affect an area in which we build, or one
nearby, there can be a diversion of labor and materials in the area from new home construction to
the rebuilding of the existing homes damaged or destroyed in the natural disaster. This can cause
delays in construction and closing of new homes and/or increase our construction costs.
Furthermore, if our insurance does not fully cover

11

Table of Contents

business interruptions or losses resulting from these events, our earnings, liquidity or
capital resources could be adversely affected.

Supply or labor shortages and other risks related to the demand for building materials and skilled
labor could delay closings and affect our results of operations.

     Our ability to conduct and expand our homebuilding operations is dependent on continued access
to building materials and skilled labor. Shortages of building materials or skilled labor could
delay closings of our homes, which could adversely affect our revenues and earnings. In addition,
increased costs or shortages of building materials such as concrete, wood, roofing materials,
gypsum, insulation and plumbing and electrical components could cause increases in construction
costs and construction delays. Labor disputes or increased costs or shortages of skilled labor,
such as carpenters, plumbers and electricians, could also cause increases in costs and delays. We
estimate and forecast construction costs as part of our business, and attempt to plan for possible
cost increases due to changes in the cost or availability of materials and labor. However,
generally we are unable to pass on unanticipated increases in construction costs to those customers
who have already entered into sales contracts, as those sales contracts generally fix the price of
the home at the time the contract is signed, which may be well in advance of the construction of
the home. In general, significant unexpected increases in costs of materials or labor may
adversely affect our results of operations.

Compliance with regulatory requirements affecting our business could have substantial costs both in
time and money, and some regulations could prohibit or restrict some homebuilding activity.

     We are subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations that affect the land development
and homebuilding process, including laws and regulations related to zoning, permitted land uses,
levels of density, building design, warranties, storm water pollution prevention and use of open
spaces. In addition, we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations concerning safety and the
protection of health and the environment. The particular environmental laws that apply to any
given neighborhood vary greatly according to the neighborhood site, the site’s environmental
conditions and the present and former uses of the site. In some of the markets where we operate,
we are required to pay environmental impact fees, use energy-saving construction materials, such as
extra insulation or double-paned windows, and make commitments to municipalities to provide certain
infrastructure such as roads and sewage systems. We and the contractors that we engage to work on
our jobsites are also subject to laws and regulations related to workers’ health and safety, wage
and hour practices and immigration. We generally are required to obtain permits and approvals from
local authorities to commence and complete residential development or home construction. Such
permits and approvals may from time to time be opposed or challenged by local governments,
neighboring property owners or other interested parties, adding delays, costs and risks of
non-approval to the process. Our obligation to comply with the laws and regulations under which we
operate, or the obligation of our independent contractors to comply with these and other laws and
regulations, could result in delays in land development and homebuilding activity, cause us to
incur substantial costs and prohibit or restrict land development and construction.

     It is possible that increasingly stringent requirements will be imposed on developers and
homebuilders in the future. Although we cannot predict with any certainty either the nature of the
requirements or the effect on our business, they could result in time-consuming and expensive
compliance programs and in substantial expenditures, which could cause delays and increase our cost
of operations. The additional costs associated with new regulatory requirements or compliance
programs may not be recoverable from our homebuyers in the form of higher sales prices, reducing
our profitability.

We may incur increased costs related to repairing construction defects in the homes we sell.

     Our Home Building operations are subject to warranty and other claims related to construction
defects and other construction-related issues, including compliance with building codes. The costs
we incur to resolve those warranty and other claims reduce our profitability, and if we were to
experience an unusually high level of claims, or unusually severe claims, our profitability could
be adversely affected.

An inability to obtain bonding could limit the number of projects we are able to pursue.

     As is customary in the home building industry, we often are required to provide surety bonds
to secure our performance under construction contracts, development agreements and other
arrangements. Our ability to obtain surety bonds primarily depends upon our credit rating,
capitalization, working capital, past performance, management expertise and certain external
factors, including the overall capacity of the surety market. Surety companies consider such
factors in relationship to the amount of our backlog and their underwriting standards, which may
change from

12

Table of Contents

time to time. Since 2001, the surety industry has undergone significant changes with several
companies withdrawing completely from the industry or significantly reducing their bonding
commitment. In addition, certain reinsurers of surety risk have limited their participation in
this market. Therefore, we could be unable to obtain surety bonds, when required, which could
adversely affect our future results of operations and revenues.

FINANCIAL SERVICES

General business, economic and market conditions may significantly affect the earnings of our
Financial Services operations.

     Our Financial Services operations are sensitive to general business and economic conditions in
the United States. These conditions include short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation,
fluctuations in both debt and equity capital markets, and the strength of the U.S. economy, as well
as the local economies in which we conduct business. If any of these conditions worsen, our
Financial Services business could be adversely affected. Also, because Financial Services focuses
on providing services to customers who are considering the purchase of a home from Home Building or
third parties, reduced home sales will likely also impact Financial Services’ business in the form
of reduced home loans, title services and insurance services.

     In addition, our Financial Services business is significantly affected by the fiscal and
monetary policies of the federal government and its agencies. We are particularly affected by the
policies of the Federal Reserve Board, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the United
States. The Federal Reserve Board’s policies influence the size of the mortgage origination
market. The Federal Reserve Board’s policies also influence the yield on our interest-earning
assets and the cost of our interest-bearing liabilities. Changes in those policies are beyond our
control and difficult to predict and can have a material effect on the results of operations of our
Financial Services segment.

The mortgage financing industry is highly competitive.

     Our Financial Services business operates in a highly competitive industry that could become
even more competitive as a result of economic, legislative, regulatory and technological changes.
Competition for mortgage loans comes primarily from large commercial banks, mortgage companies and
savings and other financial institutions. We face competition in such areas as mortgage product
offerings, rates and fees, and customer service. In addition, technological advances such as
developments in e-commerce activities have increased consumers’ accessibility to products and
services generally. This has intensified competition among banking as well as nonbanking companies
in offering mortgage loans and similar financial products and services.

Changes in lending laws could hurt our Financial Services operations.

     Our Financial Services operations are subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations
that affect loan origination. These include eligibility requirements for participation in federal
loan programs and compliance with consumer lending and similar requirements such as disclosure
requirements, prohibitions against discrimination and real estate settlement procedures. They may
also subject our operations to examination by applicable agencies. These may limit our ability to
provide mortgage financing or title services to potential purchasers of our homes.

The volatility of our Financial Services operations due to refinancing activity could negatively
impact operations.

     A decline in mortgage rates generally increases the demand for home loans as borrowers
refinance. An increase in mortgage rates generally results in a decrease in the demand for home
loans and a corresponding decrease in the level of refinancing activity. If mortgage rates
increase, they could negatively affect our volume of refinanced home loans and our results of
operations.

FACTORS AFFECTING MULTIPLE BUSINESS SEGMENTS

Market conditions in the sub-prime lending industry have worsened significantly, which could cause
lenders to tighten qualifications for mortgages and reduce the availability of credit for some
purchasers of our homes and reduce the population of potential mortgage customers.

     In spring 2007,
the mortgage markets experienced increased default levels at a number of lenders holding “sub-prime mortgages” as a result of the downturn in the
housing market and other conditions. In light of these developments, lenders, investors,
regulators and other third parties have questioned the adequacy of loan documentation and credit
requirements for the loan programs these borrowers accessed. This event
created a broader

13

Table of Contents

mortgage market disruption that will likely delay any general improvement in of the housing
market. Among other things, perceived deterioration in credit quality among sub-prime borrowers
has caused lenders to tighten their underwriting requirements for sub-prime and other mortgage
loans in order to mitigate their credit risks. Tighter loan qualifications in turn make it more
difficult for some categories of borrowers to finance the purchase of our homes. These
developments caused, and may continue to cause, a reduction in the number of available mortgage
loan programs and an increase in foreclosed homes in the market. These developments may also cause
a more long-term increase in credit quality requirements, including higher down payment
requirements that may reduce mortgage loan demand or home demand, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business or results of operations.

Our income tax provision and other tax reserves may be insufficient if any taxing authorities are
successful in asserting tax positions that are contrary to our position.

     Significant judgment is required to determine our provision for income taxes and for our
reserves for federal, state, local and other taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there
may be matters for which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. Although we believe our approach
to determining the appropriate tax treatment is reasonable, no assurance can be given that the
final tax authority review will not be materially different than that which is reflected in our
income tax provision and other tax reserves. Such differences could have a material adverse effect
on our income tax provision or benefits, or other tax reserves, in the period in which such
determination is made and, consequently, on our net income for such period.

     From time to time, we are audited by various federal, state and local authorities regarding
tax matters. We fully cooperate with all audits. Our audits are in various stages of completion;
however, no outcome for a particular audit can be determined with certainty prior to the conclusion
of the audit, appeal and, in some cases, litigation process. As each audit is concluded,
adjustments, if any, are appropriately recorded in our financial statements in the period
determined. To provide for potential tax exposures, we maintain reserves for tax contingencies
based on reasonable estimates of our potential exposure with respect to the tax liabilities that
may result from such audits. However, if the reserves are insufficient upon completion of any
audit process, there could be an adverse impact on our financial position and results of
operations.

New federal laws that adversely affect liquidity in the secondary mortgage market could hurt our
business.

     The Government-sponsored enterprises, principally FNMA and FHLMC, play a significant role in
buying home mortgages and packaging them into investment securities that they either sell to
investors or hold in their portfolios. Recent federal laws and proposed legislation could have the
effect of curtailing the activities of FNMA and FHLMC. These organizations provide liquidity to
the secondary mortgage market. Any restriction or curtailment of their activities could affect the
ability of our customers to obtain mortgage loans or increase mortgage interest rates, which could
reduce demand for our homes and/or the loans that we originate and adversely affect our results of
operations.

We could be adversely affected by a change in our credit rating or a disruption in the capital
markets.

     Our ability to continue to grow our business and operations in a profitable manner depends to
a significant extent upon our ability to access capital on favorable terms. At the present time,
our access to capital is enhanced by the fact that our senior debt securities have an
investment-grade credit rating from each of the principal credit rating agencies. If we were to
lose our investment-grade credit rating for any reason, it may become more difficult and costly for
us to access the capital that is required in order to implement our business plans and achieve our
growth objectives.

     In addition, a long-term or serious disruption in the capital markets could make it more
difficult or more expensive for us to raise capital for use in our business, for our customers to
obtain home loans or for us to sell loans originated by our Financial Services segment. Further, a
reduction of the positive spread between the rate at which we can borrow and the rate at which we
can lend could hurt our ability to profit from our loan origination businesses.

Reductions in tax benefits could make home ownership more expensive or less attractive.

     Significant expenses of owning a home, including mortgage interest expense and real estate
taxes, generally are deductible expenses for an individual’s federal, and in some cases state,
income taxes, subject to various limitations under current tax law and policy. If the federal
government or a state government changes income tax laws to eliminate or substantially modify these
income tax deductions, the after-tax costs of owning a new home would increase for the typical
homeowner. If such tax law changes were enacted without other offsetting provisions or

14

Table of Contents

effects, they could adversely impact the demand for, and/or sales prices of, new homes,
mortgage loans and home equity loans, and our operations might be negatively affected.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report includes various forward-looking statements, which are not facts or guarantees of
future performance and which are subject to significant risks and uncertainties.

     Certain information included in this Report or in other materials we have filed or will file
with the SEC, as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made
or to be made by us, contains or may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Exchange Act and the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. You can identify these statements by the
fact that they do not relate to matters of a strictly factual or historical nature and generally
discuss or relate to forecasts, estimates or other expectations regarding future events.
Generally, the words “believe,” “expect,” “intend,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “project,” “may,”
“can,” “could,” “might,” “will” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements,
including statements related to expected operating and performing results, planned transactions,
planned objectives of management, future developments or conditions in the industries in which we
participate and other trends, developments and uncertainties that may affect our business in the
future. Such statements include information related to anticipated operating results, financial
resources, changes in interest rates, changes in revenues, changes in profitability, interest
expense, growth and expansion, anticipated income to be realized by our investment in
unconsolidated entities, the ability to acquire land, the ability to gain approvals and to open new
neighborhoods, the ability to sell homes and properties, the ability to deliver homes from backlog,
the ability to secure materials and contractors, the ability to produce the liquidity and capital
necessary to expand and take advantage of opportunities in the future, the completion of and
effects from planned transactions and stock market valuations. From time to time, forward-looking
statements also are included in our other periodic reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, press
releases and presentations, on our web site and in other material released to the public.

     Forward-looking statements are not historical facts or guarantees of future performance but
instead represent only our beliefs at the time the statements were made regarding future events,
which are subject to significant risks, uncertainties, and other factors, many of which are outside
of the Company’s control and certain of which are listed above. Any or all of the forward-looking
statements included in this Report and in any other reports or public statements made by us may
turn out to be materially inaccurate. This can occur as a result of incorrect assumptions or as a
consequence of known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many of the risks and uncertainties
mentioned in this Report or another report or public statement made by us, such as those discussed
in these risk factors, will be important in determining whether these forward-looking statements
prove to be accurate. Consequently, neither our stockholders nor any other person should place
undue reliance on our forward-looking statements and should recognize that actual results may
differ materially from those that may be anticipated by us.

     All forward-looking statements made in this Report are made as of the date hereof, and the
risk that actual results will differ materially from expectations expressed in this Report will
increase with the passage of time. We undertake no obligation, and disclaim any duty, to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events, changes in our expectations or otherwise. However, we may make further disclosures
regarding future events, trends and uncertainties in our subsequent reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and
8-K to the extent required under the Exchange Act. The above cautionary discussion of risks,
uncertainties and possible inaccurate assumptions relevant to our business include factors we
believe could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results.
Other factors beyond those listed above, including factors unknown to us and factors known to us
which we have not determined to be material, could also adversely affect us. This discussion is
provided as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and all of our
forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements
contained or referenced in this section.