The
foregoing discussion of our business and operations should be read together with
the risk factors set forth below.  They describe various risks and
uncertainties to which we are or may become subject, many of which are outside
of our control.  These risks and uncertainties, together with other
factors described elsewhere in this Report, have affected, or may in the future
affect, our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows,
strategies or prospects in a material and adverse manner.

HOMEBUILDING
MARKET AND ECONOMIC RISKS

The
homebuilding industry is undergoing a significant downturn; this downturn has
had a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations and is
expected to continue through fiscal year 2010.

Beginning in fiscal year 2006, the U.S.
housing industry began to experience a significant downturn, which directly
affected and continues to have a material adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations.  We believe the
principal factors that have caused or are sustaining this downturn include each
of the following:

 ●

 current
 economic conditions, including disruptions in the broader financial and
 credit markets and the current national economic recession, as evidenced
 by, among other things, high unemployment rates, which were 8.5% in
 March 2009, a level last seen in 1983,

 ●

 declining
 homebuyer demand due to lower consumer confidence and an inability of many
 homebuyers to sell their existing homes,

 ●

elevated
 levels of new and existing homes for sale, including the impact of
 increases in residential foreclosures, which are expected to continue for
 the foreseeable future,

 ● 

reduced
 availability and stricter terms of mortgage financing due to the
 significant mortgage market disruptions, and tightened credit standards
 for homebuyers, and

 ●

pricing
 pressures resulting from a variety of factors, including the decision of
 homebuilders to offer significant discounts and sales incentives to
 liquidate unsold inventories of new
 homes.

 9

 Table of Contents

These conditions led to, among other things, (i) substantial decreases in our
homebuilding revenues, (ii) significant land-related impairments, (iii) joint
ventures’ impairments, (iv) goodwill impairments, and (v) write-offs of land
deposits and pre-acquisition costs.  As a result, our homebuilding
operations incurred substantial losses and are likely to continue to do
so.  Any worsening of market conditions in the homebuilding industry
would have a further material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations.

The
market value of land is subject to significant fluctuations, which have resulted
in significant impairments and write-offs in our land holdings and may continue
to do so.

The risk
of owning land can be substantial for homebuilders. There is often a significant
lag time between when we acquire land for development and when we sell homes in
neighborhoods we have planned, developed and constructed.  Inventory
carrying costs for land can be significant and can result in reduced margins or
losses in a poorly performing project or market.  In addition, the
market value of land, finished lots and housing inventories can fluctuate
significantly as a result of changing economic and market conditions, including
the availability of financing, such as the industry downturn we are currently
experiencing.  If the market value of home inventories, land/lots or
other property decline during this period, we may need to sell homes or other
property at a loss or at prices that generate lower margins than we anticipated
when we acquired the land.  To the extent projected sales prices do
not exceed the carrying value of the related assets, or if other market
conditions deteriorate, we may be required to record an impairment of our land
or home inventories.

During
the year ended March 31, 2009, we decided not to pursue development and
construction in certain areas where we held land or had made option deposits,
which resulted in $46.6 million in write-offs of option deposits and
pre-acquisition costs.  During the year ended March 31, 2009, we
recognized losses of $955.0 million on land sales, including land-related
impairments on neighborhoods and land during the year ended March 31, 2009 of
$882.6 million.  Land-related impairments during the quarter ended
March 31, 2009 affected 81 neighborhoods and land investments, some of which
have been impaired more than once.  These market conditions also
adversely affected land values in our Home Building joint
ventures.  Our share of joint ventures’ impairments was $157.1 million
for the year ended March 31, 2009.  These land-related impairments
contributed to the significant operating losses we incurred during the year
ended March 31, 2009.  If market conditions do not improve in
future periods, we may experience additional write-offs of option deposits and
pre-acquisition costs, losses on land sales, land-related impairments and
impairments relating to our ownership interest in joint
ventures.  Additionally, our land-related impairment analyses are
affected by market conditions and certain assumptions, such as sales prices,
sales rates and discount rates used, and relatively small changes in these
assumptions could lead to significant land-related impairments.

Levels
of volatility in the capital and credit markets during the year ended
March 31, 2009 were unprecedented.

The capital and credit markets have
been experiencing extreme volatility and disruption for more than twelve
months.  In some cases, the markets have exerted significant downward
pressure on stock prices and credit capacity for certain companies which, in
some cases, has led these companies to seek bankruptcy protection or to be
merged with or sold to stronger market participants.  Although we
maintain a committed multi-bank revolving credit facility for cash borrowings
and letters of credit and bank-committed warehouse lines of credit for our
mortgage lending operations, if current levels of market disruption and
volatility continue or worsen, we may be unable to amend or renew these
agreements on acceptable terms upon their expiration or maturity.  In
addition, if we fail to maintain compliance with the financial and other
covenants contained in our credit facilities, we may be obliged to seek a waiver
of, or amendment to, our credit facilities from our lenders.  In light
of the disruptions in credit markets, our lenders may not be willing to grant
such a waiver, or may require the payment of significant fees or changes in the
terms of our credit agreements as a condition to doing so.

A long-term or further disruption in
the mortgage finance or capital markets could make it more difficult or more
expensive for us to raise capital for use in our business, for our customers to
obtain home loans or for us to sell loans originated by our Financial Services
operations.  Further, a reduction of the positive spread between the
rate at which we can borrow and the rate at which we can lend could hurt our
ability to profit from our loan origination business.

Continued
cancellations of home sales contracts may have a material adverse effect on our
business.

Our
backlog reflects the number and value of homes for which we have entered into a
sales contract with a customer but have not yet closed the home. We have
received a customer deposit for each home reflected in our backlog, and
generally we have the right to compel the customer to complete the
purchase.  In many cases, however, a customer may cancel the contract
and receive a complete or partial refund of the deposit for reasons such as his
or her

 10

 Table of Contents

inability
to obtain mortgage financing or to sell his or her current
home.  Customers may also decide to run the risk of failing to perform
under the contract without legal justification.  If the current
industry downturn continues, or if mortgage financing becomes less available,
more homebuyers may cancel their contracts with us. Significant cancellations
have had, and could have in the future, a material adverse effect on our
business and results of operations.

Further
decreases in demand for our homes may have an adverse effect on our Financial
Services segment.

Substantially
all of the mortgage loans originated by Financial Services are from the sale of
homes we build.  Further declines in the sale of our homes would have
a direct effect on the origination volume of Financial Services.  In
July 2008, Financial Services made the decision to cease the origination of
Retail loans (or loans for the sale of homes not built by us) and the wind-down
of such Retail loan origination was completed as of March 31,
2009.

Inflation
can adversely affect us, particularly in a period of declining home sale
prices.

 Inflation
can have a long-term impact on us because increasing costs of land, materials
and labor require us to attempt to increase the sale prices of homes in order to
maintain satisfactory margins. Although an excess of supply over demand for new
homes, such as the one we are currently experiencing, requires that we reduce
prices, rather than increase them. Under those circumstances, the effect of cost
increases is to reduce the margins on the homes we sell. That makes it more
difficult for us to recover the full cost of previously purchased
land.  In addition, we are generally not able to pass on increases in
materials and labor to customers who have already entered into home purchase
contracts, as the price is generally fixed at the time the contract is signed,
which may be well in advance of the commencement of construction.

OPERATIONAL
RISKS

We
have a substantial amount of outstanding debt, which is scheduled to mature in
future installments and may need to be refinanced or restructured.

We have a substantial amount of
outstanding debt, which consists principally of senior unsecured notes issued
from time to time in the public debt markets.  The principal amount of
our outstanding senior notes currently exceeds $3.10 billion, which mature at
various dates through May 2016.  Scheduled maturities for fiscal
years ending March 31, 2010, 2011 and 2012 are $210.9 million, $692.5 million
and $324.4 million, respectively.  At March 31, 2009, our unrestricted
cash balance was $1.36 billion, which provides sufficient liquidity to satisfy
our obligations for at least the next twelve months.  However, we
expect we will need to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to repay
our outstanding debt at maturity or otherwise be able to retire, refinance or
restructure such debt.  We are taking steps to improve our cash flow
and strengthen our balance sheet, but our ability to refinance our debt is
limited by, among other things, the current downturn in the homebuilding
industry and recent disruptions in the credit markets and resulting tightening
of credit standards, and there can be no assurance that these conditions will
improve before the relevant maturity dates.  Accordingly, we will
consider various alternative transactions that would permit us to reduce our
outstanding debt and manage the outstanding amounts and terms of our debt so
that they do not interfere with our business plans and strategies.

We
could be adversely affected by a change in our current credit
rating.

Our ability to sustain or grow our
business and to operate in a profitable manner depends to a significant extent
upon our ability to access capital.  We use capital principally to
finance operations, purchase and develop land, construct houses and originate
mortgage loans.  We also use our banking and credit relationships to
arrange for the issuances of letters of credit and surety
bonds.  Until 2007, our access to capital was enhanced by the fact
that our senior debt securities had an investment-grade credit rating from each
of the principal credit rating agencies, and we were able to issue commercial
paper.  We lost our investment grade ratings during our fiscal year
2008, and since then the rating of our senior debt has been lowered
further.  Our long-term debt ratings are currently BB-, Ba3 and BB
from Standard & Poor’s, or S&P, Moody’s Investors Services, or Moody’s
and Fitch Ratings, or Fitch, respectively.  As a result of our current
rating, we do not have access to many financing strategies that are available to
companies with investment grade ratings.  In addition, our multi-bank
credit facility includes a borrowing base limitation when we do not have an
investment grade senior unsecured debt rating from at least two of the three
rating agencies named above.  We currently do not have investment
grade ratings, and we are therefore subject to the borrowing base
limitation.  As a consequence, it may become more difficult and costly
for us to access the capital that is required in order to implement our business
plans and operate our business.  Although we currently have a
substantial cash balance, we are currently required to use a significant portion
of these funds to provide a liquidity reserve under our multi-bank revolving
credit

 11

 Table of Contents

facility.  CTX
Mortgage Company, LLC also uses committed bank warehouse credit facilities for
its funding needs.  We may experience a further downgrade in our
credit rating by the rating agencies that would likely result in increased costs
for certain of our financing and also further restrict our ability to finance
mortgage loan originations.

Failure
to comply with the covenants and conditions imposed by our credit facilities
could restrict future borrowing or cause our debt to become immediately due and
payable.

We are
required to maintain compliance with certain financial covenants in our
multi-bank revolving credit facility.  Material covenants include a
maximum leverage ratio, a minimum tangible net worth requirement and a borrowing
base limiting the amount of available borrowings.  There can be no
assurance that we will continue to comply with the covenants in our multi-bank
revolving credit facility, and depending on our future results of operations, we
may need to seek waivers or amendments from our lenders in future
periods.  Furthermore, there can be no assurance that our lenders will
agree to such waivers or amendments on terms we regard as
satisfactory.

In
addition, our committed bank warehouse credit facilities and loan agreements
relating to certain of our joint ventures contain various affirmative and
negative covenants and guarantees requested by lenders for facilities of these
types.  In order to continue to borrow funds under these facilities,
we will need to continue to be in compliance with these covenants and
guarantees.

In
general, with respect to our multi-bank revolving credit facility, bank
warehouse credit facilities and loan agreements relating to certain of our joint
ventures, if we fail to comply with any of the covenants or guarantees contained
therein, which may occur if we experience additional asset impairments or incur
additional net losses, we may be unable to obtain future financing for working
capital, capital expenditures, letters of credit, acquisitions, debt service
requirements or other requirements, or the credit providers could cause our debt
to become immediately due and payable, or we may be required to make certain
payments in connection with our joint venture indebtedness.

Market
conditions in the mortgage lending and mortgage finance industries worsened
significantly in fiscal year 2009, which adversely affected the availability of
credit for some purchasers of our homes, reduced the population of potential
mortgage customers and reduced mortgage liquidity.  Further tightening
of mortgage lending or mortgage financing requirements or further reduced
mortgage liquidity could have a material adverse effect on our homebuilding and
mortgage lending operations and their respective results of
operations.

Beginning
in fiscal year 2008 and continuing through fiscal year 2009, the mortgage
lending industry experienced significant disruptions due to, among other things,
defaults on a variety of nonconforming loan products and a resulting decline in
the market value of such loans.  In light of these developments,
lenders, investors, regulators and other third parties questioned the adequacy
of loan documentation and credit requirements for certain types of loan programs
made available to borrowers in recent years.  This led to reduced
investor demand for mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities, tightened
credit underwriting requirements, reduced liquidity and increased credit risk
premiums.  Among other things, deterioration in credit quality among
nonconforming loan borrowers has caused almost all lenders to eliminate most
loan products that are not conforming loans, FHA/VA-eligible loans or jumbo
loans meeting conforming underwriting guidelines except as to the size of the
loan.  In general, fewer loan products and tighter loan qualifications
make it more difficult for some categories of borrowers to finance the purchase
of our homes.  These developments have resulted in a reduction in
demand for the homes that we sell and in the demand for the mortgage loans that
we originate.  These developments have had and are expected to
continue to have a material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations.

The
adverse market conditions in the mortgage lending industry described above have
affected our business in a number of respects.  For example, CTX
Mortgage Company, LLC has essentially ceased originating sub-prime or other
nonconforming loans.  Furthermore, for various reasons, including the
reduction in available mortgage loan liquidity, CTX Mortgage Company, LLC
decided in the second quarter of fiscal year 2008 to discontinue the origination
of new construction loans.  In the second and third quarters of fiscal
year 2008, CTX Mortgage Company, LLC ceased selling loans to HSF-I, which had
been the principal financing vehicle for its operations, and terminated this
financing vehicle.  In addition, during fiscal year 2009, Financial
Services ceased the origination of Retail loans.

Further
tightening of the mortgage lending markets in the form of reduced numbers or
types of loan products, or tighter loan qualification requirements (including
credit score and down payment requirements), could further reduce the demand for
our homes or the mortgages we originate, which could have a material adverse
effect on our business or results of operations.  In addition, further
disruptions or other adverse conditions in the mortgage finance markets leading
to further reduced mortgage liquidity or decreased demand for mortgage loans
could result in an

 12

 Table of Contents

inability
to sell or finance the loans we originate, or less favorable terms of sale or
reduced yield or greater reserves pending sale, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business or results of operations.

Further
decreases in the availability of mortgage financing or other adverse changes in
market conditions could make it more difficult or costly for customers to
purchase our homes.

Most of
our homebuilding customers finance their home purchases through our Financial
Services operations or, in some cases, third-party lenders.  In
general, housing demand is adversely affected by increases in interest rates or
by decreases in the availability of mortgage financing as a result of increased
credit standards, deteriorating customer credit quality or disruptions or other
adverse conditions in mortgage lending markets.  Beginning in fiscal
year 2008 and continuing through fiscal year 2009, the mortgage markets
experienced significant disruptions, which led to an unprecedented combination
of reduced investor demand for mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities,
tightened credit requirements for homebuyers and increased credit risk
premiums.  Any further tightening of credit standards or increases in
interest rates could cause potential homebuyers to be less willing or able to
purchase our homes.  Although mortgage interest rates have declined in
recent months, any future increase in mortgage rates could make it more
difficult or costly for customers to purchase our homes, which would have an
adverse effect on our results of operations.

Reductions
in tax benefits could make home ownership more expensive or less
attractive.

Significant
expenses of owning a home, including mortgage interest expense and real estate
taxes, generally are deductible expenses for an individual’s federal, and in
some cases state, income taxes, subject to various limitations under current tax
law and policy.  If the federal government or a state government
changes income tax laws to eliminate or substantially modify these income tax
deductions, the after-tax costs of owning a new home would increase for the
typical homeowner.  If such tax law changes were enacted without other
offsetting provisions or effects, they could adversely impact the demand for,
and/or sales prices of, new homes, mortgage loans and home equity loans, and our
operations might be negatively affected.

We
may incur increased costs related to repairing construction defects in the homes
we sell.

Our Home
Building operations are subject to warranty and other claims related to
construction defects and other construction-related issues, including compliance
with building codes.  The costs we incur to resolve those warranty and
other claims reduce our profitability, and if we were to experience an unusually
high level of claims, or unusually severe claims, our profitability could be
adversely affected.

Competition
for homebuyers could reduce our closings or decrease our
profitability.

The
homebuilding industry is highly competitive.  We compete in each of
our markets with many national, regional and local homebuilders.  In
recent years, national homebuilders have been able to compete more effectively
and increase their share of the national homebuilding market.  The
current downturn in the homebuilding industry has significantly increased
competition among homebuilders, as evidenced by price reductions, increases in
discounts and sales incentives and increased sales commissions in an effort to
stimulate sales.  Any further increases in the level of incentives
from other national homebuilders or from regional and local homebuilders in the
markets in which we operate could reduce the number of homes we close, or cause
us to accept reduced margins or losses on home sales.

We also
compete with resales of existing or foreclosed homes, homes offered by investors
and housing speculators and available rental housing.  Increased
competitive conditions in the residential resale or rental market in the markets
where we operate could decrease demand for new homes, cause us to increase our
sales incentives or price discounts in order to maintain sales volumes, increase
the volatility of the market for new homes or lead to cancellations of sales
contracts in backlog, any of which could adversely affect our operating
results.

Our
income tax provision and other tax reserves may be insufficient if any taxing
authorities are successful in asserting tax positions that are contrary to our
position.

Significant
judgment is required to determine our provision for income taxes and for our
reserves for federal, state, local and other taxes.  In the ordinary
course of our business, there may be matters for which the ultimate tax outcome
is uncertain.  Although we believe our approach to determining the tax
treatment is appropriate, no assurance can be given that the final tax authority
review will not be materially different than that which is reflected in our
income tax provision and other tax reserves.  Such differences could
have a material adverse effect on our income tax

 13

 Table of Contents

provision
or benefits, or other tax reserves, in the period in which such determination is
made and, consequently, on our results of operations for such
period.

From time
to time, we are audited by various federal, state and local authorities
regarding tax matters.  We fully cooperate with all
audits.  Our audits are in various stages of completion; however, no
outcome for a particular audit can be determined with certainty prior to the
conclusion of the audit, appeal and, in some cases, litigation
process.  As each stage in the audit process is concluded, we record
appropriate adjustments, if any, in our financial statements in the period
determined.  In accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards
Board, or FASB, Interpretation No. 48, “Accounting for Uncertainty in
Income Taxes – An Interpretation of FASB No. 109,” which we refer to as FIN
48, we maintain reserves to provide for potential tax exposures relating to
uncertain tax positions (including interest and penalties, when applicable) that
may result from audits.  However, if the results of any audit
materially differ from the reserve, there would be a corresponding impact on our
financial position and results of operations.

We
may not realize our net deferred tax assets.

As of
March 31, 2009, we had net deferred tax assets of $1.29 billion for which a
$1.29 billion valuation allowance has been established.  The ultimate
realization of the deferred tax assets is dependent upon a variety of factors,
including taxable income in prior carryback years, estimates of future taxable
income, tax planning strategies and reversals of existing taxable temporary
differences.  The FASB provides in SFAS No. 109, “Accounting for
Income Taxes,” or SFAS 109 that a cumulative loss in recent years is significant
negative evidence in considering whether deferred tax assets are
realizable.  Based on our assessment, the realization of our deferred
tax assets is dependent upon future taxable income and, accordingly, we have
established a full valuation allowance.  The valuation allowance may
increase or decrease as conditions change and/or if new tax laws are enacted,
such as changes to net operating loss carryback and carryforward rules, which
could have a material effect on our financial position and results of
operations.

Our
ability to utilize net operating losses (NOLs), built-in losses (BILs) and tax
credit carryforwards to offset our future taxable income and/or to recover
previously paid taxes would be limited if we were to undergo an “ownership
change” within the meaning of Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code,
which we refer to as the Code. In general, an “ownership change” occurs whenever
the percentage of the stock of a corporation owned by “5-percent shareholders”
(within the meaning of Section 382 of the Code) increases by more than 50
percentage points over the lowest percentage of the stock of such corporation
owned by such “5-percent shareholders” at any time over the preceding three
years.

An
ownership change under Section 382 of the Code would establish an annual
limitation on the amount of NOLs or BILs we could utilize to offset our taxable
income in any single taxable year to an amount equal to (i) the product of a
specified rate (which is published monthly and is 4.61% for May 2009) and
the aggregate value of our outstanding stock plus (ii) the amount of unutilized
limitation from prior years.  In such a case, a corresponding
limitation would also apply to the amount of tax credit carryforwards we could
utilize to offset our taxes in any single taxable year.  The
application of these limitations might prevent full utilization of the deferred
tax assets attributable to our NOLs, BILs, and tax credit
carryforwards.  Based on an analysis that we performed as of
March 31, 2009, we do not believe we have experienced an ownership change
as defined by Section 382 and, therefore, we do not believe, at March 31,
2009, the NOLs, BILs and tax credit carryforwards are subject to any Section 382
limitation.  However, if the merger with Pulte is completed, we will
experience an ownership change, and the combined company’s ability to realize
Centex’s deferred income tax assets will be limited.

We
conduct certain of our homebuilding operations through joint ventures with
independent third parties in which we do not have a majority interest, and we
can be adversely impacted by joint venture partners’ failure to fulfill their
obligations.

We
conduct a portion of our land acquisition, development and other activities
through our participation in joint ventures in which we hold less than a
majority interest.  These land-related activities typically require
substantial capital, and by partnering with other homebuilders or developers
and, to a lesser extent, financial partners, Home Building is able to share the
risks and rewards of ownership and obtain other strategic
advantages.

Total
joint venture debt outstanding as of March 31, 2009 and 2008 was $270.3 million
and $423.2 million, respectively.  Debt agreements for joint ventures
with recourse to us vary by lender in terms of structure and level of
recourse.  For joint ventures, we are liable on a contingent basis,
through guarantees, letters of credit or other arrangements, with respect to a
portion of the construction debt.  Additionally, we have agreed to
indemnify the lender 

 14

 Table of Contents

for
certain environmental liabilities in the case of most joint ventures and most
guarantee arrangements provide that we are liable for our proportionate share of
the outstanding debt if the joint venture files for voluntary
bankruptcy.  We have recorded obligations pursuant to our share of
certain completion and repayment guarantees.

Six of
our joint ventures are in default of their joint venture debt
agreements.  We are in discussions with the joint venture partners and
lenders with respect to each joint venture.  We expect to fulfill our
contractual obligations under the joint venture agreements.  Costs
associated with fulfilling such contractual obligations may be less than our
share of the joint ventures’ debt.  Recourse under joint venture debt
agreements is limited to either the underlying collateral or completion
obligations of the joint venture partners.  Based upon the terms and
debt amounts outstanding for these joint ventures and the terms of the joint
venture agreements, we do not believe our exposure related to these joint
venture defaults in excess of amounts already accrued will be material to our
financial position or results of operations.

In
general, we are subject to various risks of the type described above related to
joint venture debt, construction debt and other obligations and liabilities of
the joint ventures in which we participate, and these debts, liabilities and
obligations may in some cases be material.  In the case of many joint
ventures, we have the right to be reimbursed by our joint venture partners for
any amounts that we pay that exceed our pro rata share of the joint ventures’
obligations.  However, particularly if our joint venture partners have
filed for bankruptcy protection or are having financial problems, we may have
difficulty collecting the sums they owe us, and therefore, we may be required to
pay a disproportionately large portion of the guaranteed amounts.  In
addition, because we lack a controlling interest in these joint ventures, we are
usually unable to require that the joint venture sell assets, return invested
capital or take any other action without the consent of at least one of our
joint venture partners.  As a result, without the consent of one or
more joint venture partners, we may be unable to liquidate our joint venture
investments to generate cash.  If we are able to liquidate joint
venture investments, the amounts received upon liquidation may be insufficient
to cover the costs we have incurred.

An
inability to obtain bonding could limit the number of projects we are able to
pursue, and we could be adversely affected if we are required to post additional
collateral in respect of bonds issued in connection with past construction
projects.

As is
customary in the homebuilding industry, we often are required to provide surety
bonds to secure our performance under construction contracts, development
agreements and other arrangements.  Our ability to obtain surety bonds
primarily depends upon our credit rating, capitalization, working capital, past
performance, management expertise and certain external factors, including the
overall capacity of the surety market.  Under certain circumstances,
such as a claim on a bond, a breach of the contract to which the bond applies,
or a material breach of a representation made to a surety, we may be required to
provide one or more sureties with additional collateral to support our bond
obligations.  In addition, in some cases, upon request of a surety, we
may be required to cause the surety to be discharged from all bond obligations
by providing collateral sufficient to cover all of such surety’s bond exposure
or alternative funding of such bond obligations.  If one or more of
our third-party sureties were to request additional collateral, our obligations
could be significant, which could have a material adverse effect on our
financial position or results of operations.

We
may be subject to claims and liabilities in connection with sales of assets or
discontinued businesses.

Over the
past several fiscal years, we have completed the sale of our international
homebuilding operations, Home Equity, Construction Services, our home services
operations and our property and casualty insurance agency operations in separate
transactions to unrelated third parties.  In connection with each of
these transactions, we made representations and warranties to the purchasers of
the applicable businesses or assets, agreed to retain responsibility for certain
actual or contingent liabilities and agreed to indemnify the purchasers against
breaches of representations and warranties and other liabilities.  In
addition, certain of the businesses we sold had bonds or letters of credit
outstanding at the date of sale, which were assumed by the purchasers, but for
which we retain responsibility under indemnities or other direct contractual
relationships with the sureties issuing the bonds or letters of
credit.  To date, we have not incurred any material losses in respect
of claims asserted by the purchasers in connection with these transactions or
claims asserted by sureties in respect of outstanding bonds or letters of
credit.  In addition, our liability to the purchasers is subject to
certain limitations, including limitations on the time period during which
claims may be asserted and the amounts for which we are
liable.  However, there can be no assurance that we will not incur
future liabilities to the purchasers in connection with these transactions or
the sureties issuing any bonds or letters of credit or that the amount of such
liabilities will not be material.

 15

 Table of Contents

 RELATED TO OUR PROPOSED MERGER WITH PULTE

Failure
to complete our proposed merger with Pulte could negatively impact our stock
price and our future business and financial results.

If our proposed merger with Pulte is
not completed, our stock price and our future business and financial results may
be adversely affected and become subject to several risks, including the
following:

 ●

 If
 the merger is terminated, we may be required in specified circumstances to
 pay a termination fee of $24 million or $48 million to Pulte, which may
 result in a decline in the trading price of our common stock. In addition,
 we expect to incur significant costs associated with negotiation of the
 merger agreement and seeking stockholder approval.  If the
 transaction is not completed, we will not be able to recover these
 costs.

 ●

 The
 fact that the transaction was not completed may be viewed negatively by
 investors, suppliers, contractors and customers, which may cause a decline
 in the trading price of our common stock or demand for our products, and
 may harm our ability to do business.

 ●

 Our
 stock price could be adversely affected if the transaction is not
 completed since the current price reflects a premium as a result of the
 pending transaction.

Our
competitive position could suffer as a result of the pending transaction with
Pulte.

As a result of the pending merger
transaction with Pulte, our competitive position could suffer as a result of any
one or more of the following:

 ●

 We
 could lose key management personnel who may be experiencing uncertainty
 about their future roles with the combined
 company.  Additionally, as a result of a decline in our stock
 price, previous retention mechanisms such as equity awards to such key
 personnel have diminished in value.

 ●

 Our
 employees may become distracted during the period between the announcement
 of the transaction and the special meeting to approve the transaction, and
 may not perform at their customary high level.

 ●

 Restrictions
 in the merger agreement on solicitation prohibit us from soliciting any
 acquisition proposal or offer for a merger or business combination with
 any other party, including a proposal that might be advantageous to our
 stockholders when compared to the terms and conditions of the
 merger.  These provisions may deter third parties from proposing
 or pursuing alternative business combinations with us that might result in
 greater value to our stockholders than the
 transaction.

 ●

 Our
 suppliers and contractors may question our commitment or ability to
 continue operations in the homebuilding industry and may not be willing to
 perform services or deliver supplies on as favorable terms or they may
 cease or significantly reduce doing business with us.

 ●

 Our
 customers may question our commitment or ability to complete construction
 of new homes or the availability of construction defect and other warranty
 coverage and may be less likely to purchase a new home from
 us.

REGULATORY
RISKS

Compliance
with regulatory requirements affecting our business could have substantial costs
both in time and money, and some regulations could prohibit or restrict some
homebuilding activity.

We are
subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations that affect the land
development and homebuilding process, including laws and regulations related to
zoning, permitted land uses, levels of density, building design, warranties,
storm water pollution prevention and use of open spaces.  In addition,
we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations concerning safety and the
protection of health and the environment.  The particular
environmental laws that apply to any given neighborhood vary greatly according
to the neighborhood site, the site’s environmental conditions and the present
and former uses of the site.  In some of the markets where we operate,
we are required to pay environmental impact fees, use energy-saving construction
materials, such as extra insulation or double-paned windows, and make
commitments to municipalities to provide certain infrastructure such as roads
and sewage systems.  We and the contractors that we engage to work on
our jobsites are also subject to laws and regulations related to workers’ health
and safety, wage and hour practices and immigration.  We generally are
required to obtain permits and approvals from local authorities to commence and
complete residential development or home construction.  Such permits
and approvals may from time to time be opposed or challenged by local
governments, neighboring property owners or other interested parties, adding
delays, costs and risks of non-approval to the process.  Our
obligation to comply with the laws and regulations under which we operate, or
the obligation of our independent

 16

 Table of Contents

contractors
to comply with these and other laws and regulations, could result in delays in
land development and homebuilding activity, cause us to incur substantial costs
and prohibit or restrict land development and construction.

It is
possible that increasingly stringent requirements will be imposed on developers
and homebuilders in the future.  Although we cannot predict with any
certainty either the nature of the requirements or the effect on our business,
they could result in time-consuming and expensive compliance programs and in
substantial expenditures, which could cause delays and increase our cost of
operations.  The additional costs associated with new regulatory
requirements or compliance programs may not be recoverable from our homebuyers
in the form of higher sales prices which could adversely affect our results of
operations.

Changes
in lending laws could hurt our Financial Services operations.

Our
Financial Services operations are subject to extensive and complex laws and
regulations that affect loan origination.  These include eligibility
requirements for participation in federal loan programs and compliance with
consumer lending and similar requirements such as disclosure requirements,
prohibitions against discrimination and real estate settlement
procedures.  They may also subject our operations to examination by
applicable agencies.  These may limit our ability to provide mortgage
financing or title services to potential purchasers of our homes.

On
November 17, 2008, the Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) issued
final regulations implementing various proposed changes to the federal Real
Estate Settlement Procedures Act (RESPA).  Among the changes was a
revised definition of ‘required use’ that would prohibit homebuilders from
providing financial incentives to their homebuyers that are conditioned upon the
homebuyers’ use of affiliated mortgage companies or other settlement service
providers.  These regulations were to take effect on January 16, 2009,
and would have required a significant restructuring of Home Building’s and
Financial Services’ business practices in order to
comply.  Specifically, financial incentives for a homebuyer’s use of
CTX Mortgage Company, LLC could only be offered directly to the homebuyer by CTX
Mortgage Company, LLC in lieu of our current practice for Home Building to offer
financial incentives to homebuyers that are conditioned on the use of CTX
Mortgage Company, LLC.

On
December 22, 2008, the National Association of Home Builders (NAHB) and certain
of its members and affiliated companies filed suit against HUD challenging the
proposed rule and seeking to enjoin enforcement of the regulation.  In
response, HUD extended the effective date of the regulation to July 16,
2009.  On May 12, 2009, HUD submitted a final rule to the Federal
Register for publication that withdrew the proposed definition of ‘required use’
from the rule, although HUD noted in an accompanying press release that it
intends to propose a revised definition of ‘required use’ in a new proposed rule
at some future date.

Changes
in laws or other events that adversely affect liquidity in the secondary
mortgage market could hurt our business.

The
government-sponsored enterprises, principally FNMA and FHLMC, play a significant
role in buying home mortgages and creating investment securities that they
either sell to investors or hold in their portfolios.  These
organizations provide liquidity to the secondary mortgage
market.  FNMA and FHLMC experienced financial difficulties in 2008 and
were place into conservatorship because their ability to raise capital had
become limited and there was concern about global and domestic systemic risk
should either of these government-sponsored enterprises fail.  The
Federal Housing Finance Authority is serving as conservator until the
institutions have been returned to a safe and solvent condition.  We
cannot predict whether the current conservatorship of FNMA or FHLMC will succeed
in returning these institutions to normal business operations, or that actions
of the conservator or future regulatory changes will not result in a significant
restructuring of their businesses.  Any new federal laws or
regulations that restrict or curtail their activities, any changes in their
mortgage purchase programs, or any other events or conditions that prevent or
restrict these enterprises from continuing their historic businesses, could
affect the ability of our customers
to obtain mortgage loans or could increase mortgage interest rates or credit
standards, which could reduce demand for our homes and/or the loans that we
originate and adversely affect our results of operations.

OUTSTANDING
COMMON STOCK AND OTHER SECURITIES RISK

Our
share price will fluctuate.

The securities markets in general and
our common stock in particular have experienced significant price and volume
volatility over the past year.  The market price and volume of our
common stock may continue to experience significant fluctuations due not only to
general stock market conditions but also to a change in sentiment in the market

 17

 Table of Contents

regarding
our operations or business prospects.  In addition to the risk factors
discussed above, the price and volume volatility of our common stock may be
affected by:

 ●

 operating
 results that differ from the expectations of securities analysts and
 investors;

 ●

 factors
 influencing home purchases, such as availability of home mortgage loans
 and interest rates, credit criteria applicable to prospective borrowers,
 ability to sell existing residences and homebuyer sentiment in
 general;

 ●

 the
 operating and securities price performance of companies that investors
 consider to be comparable to us;

 ●

 announcements
 relating to the merger transaction with Pulte as well as other strategic
 developments and other material events by us or our competitors;
 and

 ●

 changes
 in global financial markets and global economics and general market
 conditions, such as interest rates, commodity and equity prices and the
 value of financial assets.

Dividends
on our common stock have been suspended and future dividends remain
uncertain.

On October 9, 2008, we announced
that our Board of Directors suspended our quarterly cash dividend.  We
will continue to weigh the alternatives for returning cash to stockholders as
economic conditions improve.

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS

This
report includes various forward-looking statements, which are not facts or
guarantees of future performance and which are subject to significant risks and
uncertainties.

Certain
information included in this Report or in other materials we have filed or will
file with the SEC, as well as information included in oral statements or other
written statements made or to be made by us, contains or may contain
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Exchange Act and the Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended.  You can identify these
statements by the fact that they do not relate to matters of a strictly factual
or historical nature and generally discuss or relate to forecasts, estimates or
other expectations regarding future events.  Generally, the words
“believe,” “expect,” “intend,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “project,” “may,”
“can,” “could,” “might,” “will” and similar expressions identify forward-looking
statements, including statements related to expected operating and performing
results, planned transactions, planned objectives of management, future
developments or conditions in the industries in which we participate and other
trends, developments and uncertainties that may affect our business in the
future.  Such statements include information related to anticipated
operating results, financial resources, changes in interest rates and other
developments and conditions in financing markets, changes in revenues, changes
in profitability, interest expense, growth and expansion, our investment in
unconsolidated entities, the ability to acquire land, the ability to gain
approvals and to open new neighborhoods, the ability to sell homes and