The foregoing discussion of our business and operations should be read together with the risk
factors set forth below. They describe various risks and uncertainties to which we are or may
become subject, many of which are outside of our control. These risks and uncertainties, together
with other factors described elsewhere in this Report, have affected, or may in the future affect,
our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, strategies or prospects in a
material and adverse manner.

HOME BUILDING

The homebuilding industry is undergoing a significant downturn; this downturn has had a material
adverse effect on our business and results of operations and is expected to continue through our
next fiscal year.

     Beginning in fiscal year 2006, the U.S. housing industry began to experience a significant
downturn, which has had and continues to have a material adverse effect on our business and results
of operations. We believe the principal factors that have caused this downturn include each of the
following, the impact of which varies based upon geographic market, product segment and the time
since commencement of the downturn:

•

increased inventory of new and existing homes for sale, including the impact of
increases in residential foreclosures,

•

reduced availability and increased cost of mortgage financing due to the significant
mortgage market disruptions,

•

a decrease in the affordability of housing in selected markets as a result of
significant price appreciation in the years preceding the downturn and tightened credit
standards for homebuyers,

•

a decline in homebuyer demand due to lower consumer confidence in the consumer real
estate market and an inability of many homebuyers to sell their existing homes, and

•

pricing pressures resulting from a variety of factors, including the decision of
homebuilders to offer significant discounts and sales incentives, to liquidate unsold
inventories in order to generate cash, and the need for home prices to fall within
mortgage qualification limits.

     These conditions have led to, among other things, (i) significant decreases in our
homebuilding revenues, (ii) substantial land-related and goodwill impairments, (iii) significant
losses on land sales, (iv) write-offs of land deposits and pre-acquisition costs, and (v) joint ventures’ impairments. As a result, our homebuilding operations incurred substantial
losses and may continue to do so for some time. Any worsening in market conditions in the
homebuilding industry would have a further material adverse effect on our business and results of
operations.

     Although we were successful in generating positive operating cash flow and reducing our
inventories in fiscal year 2008, we incurred significant operating losses and recorded substantial
asset impairment charges which contributed to the substantial net loss we recognized in this
period. Many of the factors that have resulted in these losses are beyond our control, and we have
limited means at our disposal to mitigate or respond to the effects of these factors on our results
of operations.

The market value of land is subject to significant fluctuations, which have resulted in significant
impairments and write-offs in our land holdings and may continue to do so.

     The risk of owning land can be substantial for homebuilders. There is often a significant lag
time between when we acquire land for development and when we sell homes in neighborhoods we have
planned, developed and constructed. Inventory carrying costs for land can be significant and can
result in reduced margins or losses in a poorly performing project or market. In addition, the
market value of land, finished lots and housing inventories can fluctuate significantly as a result
of changing economic and market conditions, including the availability of financing, such as the
industry downturn we are currently experiencing. If the market value of home inventories,
land/lots or other property decline during this period, we may need to sell homes or other property
at a loss or at prices that generate lower margins than we anticipated when we acquired the land.
To the extent projected sales prices do not exceed the carrying value of the related assets, or if
other market conditions deteriorate, we may be required to record an impairment of our land or home
inventories.

10

     During the year ended March 31, 2008, we decided not to pursue development and construction in
certain areas where we held land or had made option deposits, which resulted in $120.4 million in
write-offs of option deposits and pre-acquisition costs. During the year ended March 31, 2008, we
recognized losses of $388.7 million on land sales. In addition, market conditions led to recorded
land-related impairments on neighborhoods and land during the year ended March 31, 2008 of $1,792.4
million, including $14.9 million of direct construction impairments. Land-related impairments
during the quarter ended March 31, 2008 represented 94 neighborhoods and land investments, some of
which have been impaired more than once. These market conditions also adversely affected land
values in our Home Building joint ventures. Our share of joint ventures’ impairments was $100.5
million for the year ended March 31, 2008. These land-related impairments contributed to the
significant operating losses we incurred during the year ended March 31, 2008. If market
conditions do not improve in future periods, we may experience additional write-offs of option
deposits and pre-acquisition costs, losses on land sales, land related impairments and impairments
relating to our ownership interest in joint ventures. Additionally, our land-related impairment
analyses are affected by market conditions and certain assumptions, such as sales prices, sales
rates and discount rates used, and relatively small changes in these assumptions could lead to
significant land-related impairments.

Continued cancellations of home sales contracts may have a material adverse effect on our business.

     Our backlog reflects the number and value of homes for which we have entered into a sales
contract with a customer but have not yet closed the home. We have received a customer deposit for
each home reflected in our backlog, and generally we have the right to compel the customer to
complete the purchase. In many cases, however, a customer may cancel the contract and receive a
complete or partial refund of the deposit for reasons such as his or her inability to obtain
mortgage financing or to sell his or her current home. Customers may also decide to run the risk
of failing to perform under the contract without legal justification. If the current industry
downturn continues, or if mortgage financing becomes less available, more homebuyers may cancel
their contracts with us. Significant cancellations have had, and could have in the future, a
material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

Increases in interest rates, decreases in the availability of mortgage financing or other changes
in market conditions could make it more difficult or costly for customers to purchase our homes.

     Most of our homebuilding customers finance their home purchases through our Financial Services
operations or, in some cases, third-party lenders. In general, housing demand is adversely
affected by increases in interest rates or by decreases in the availability of mortgage financing
as a result of increased credit standards, deteriorating customer credit quality or disruptions or
other adverse conditions in mortgage lending markets. Any increases in interest rates could cause
potential homebuyers to be less willing or able to purchase our homes. In general, if mortgage
rates increase, it could become more difficult or costly for customers to purchase our homes, which
would have an adverse effect on our results of operations.

     Certain of our homebuyers use down payment assistance programs, which allow homebuyers to
receive gift funds from non-profit corporations to be used as a down payment. Homebuilders are a
source of funding for these programs. The HUD and Congress are considering limitations and further
regulation of these programs. Such restrictions may limit the ability of seller-funded non-profit
corporations to fund down payment assistance programs for government-insured mortgage loans. HUD
has issued a rule that eliminates seller-funded down payment assistance as an acceptable minimum
investment in the property for FHA insured loans. However, the implementation of that rule has
been delayed as a result of litigation filed by certain down payment assistance providers. The
ultimate outcome of this litigation is uncertain. If, as a result of legislative, regulatory or
other action, certain of the gift fund programs that our customers use would no longer be available
to them, we would expect to work to provide other financing alternatives, and seek different down
payment programs for our customers that meet applicable guidelines. There can be no assurance,
however, that any such alternative programs would be as attractive to our customers as the programs
offered today and that our sales would not suffer.

Competition for homebuyers could reduce our closings or decrease our profitability.

     The homebuilding industry is highly competitive. We compete in each of our markets with many
national, regional and local homebuilders. In recent years, national homebuilders have been able
to compete more effectively and increase their share of the national homebuilding market. The
current downturn in the homebuilding industry has significantly increased competition among
homebuilders, as evidenced by price reductions, increases in discounts and sales commissions and
increased sales commissions in an effort to stimulate sales. Any further increases in the level of
competition from other national homebuilders or from regional and local homebuilders in the markets
in which we operate could reduce the number of homes we close, or cause us to accept reduced
margins or losses on home sales.

11

     We also compete with resales of existing or foreclosed homes, homes offered by investors and
housing speculators and available rental housing. Increased competitive conditions in the
residential resale or rental market in the markets where we operate could decrease demand for new
homes, cause us to increase our sales incentives or price discounts in order to maintain sales
volumes, increase the volatility of the market for new homes or lead to cancellations of sales
contracts in backlog, any of which could adversely affect our operating results.

We conduct certain of our homebuilding operations through joint ventures with independent third
parties in which we do not have a majority interest, and we can be adversely impacted by joint
venture partners’ failure to fulfill their obligations.

     We conduct a portion of our land acquisition, development and other activities through our
participation in joint ventures in which we hold less than a majority interest. These land-related
activities typically require substantial capital, and by partnering with other homebuilders or
developers and, to a lesser extent, financial partners, Home Building is able to share the risks
and rewards of ownership and obtain other strategic advantages.

     Total joint venture debt outstanding as of March 31, 2008 and 2007 was $423.2 million and $1.0
billion, respectively. Debt agreements for joint ventures vary by lender in terms of structure and
level of recourse. For certain of the joint ventures, we are also liable on a contingent basis,
through other guarantees, letters of credit or other arrangements, with respect to a portion of the
construction debt. Additionally, we have agreed to indemnify the construction lender for certain
environmental liabilities in the case of most joint ventures and most guarantee arrangements
provide that we are liable for our proportionate share of the outstanding debt if the joint venture
files for voluntary bankruptcy. To date, we have not been requested to perform under the
environmental liabilities or voluntary bankruptcy guarantees for any of our joint ventures.

     Four of our joint ventures are in default of their joint venture debt agreements. In
addition, we expect two other joint ventures to be in default of their joint venture debt
agreements subsequent to March 31, 2008. Our joint venture partner to one of these joint ventures
filed for bankruptcy during the year ended March 31, 2008. We are in discussions with the joint
venture partners and lenders with respect to each joint venture and are evaluating alternatives to
mitigate our exposure. We expect to fulfill our contractual obligations under the joint venture
agreements. Costs associated with fulfilling such contractual obligations may be less than our
share of the joint ventures’ debt. Recourse under joint venture debt agreements is limited to
either the underlying collateral or completion obligations of the joint venture partners. Based
upon the terms and debt amounts outstanding for these joint ventures and the terms of the joint
venture agreements, we do not believe our exposure related to these joint venture defaults will be
material to our financial position or results of operations.

     In general, we are subject to various risks of the type described above related to joint
venture debt, construction debt and other obligations and liabilities of the joint ventures in
which we participate, and these debts, liabilities and obligations
may in some cases be material. In the case of many joint ventures, we have the right to be reimbursed by our joint venture partners for any amounts which we pay that
exceed our pro rata share of the joint ventures’ obligations. However, particularly if our joint
venture partners have filed for bankruptcy protection or are having financial problems, we may have
difficulty collecting the sums they owe us, and therefore, we may be required to pay a
disproportionately large portion of the guaranteed amounts. In addition, because we lack a
controlling interest in these joint ventures, we are usually unable to require that the joint
venture sell assets, return invested capital or take any other action without the consent of at
least one of our joint venture partners. As a result, without the consent of one or more joint
venture partners, we may be unable to liquidate our joint venture investments to generate cash.
If we are able to liquidate joint venture investments, the amounts received upon liquidation
may be insufficient to cover the costs we have incurred.

Compliance with regulatory requirements affecting our business could have substantial costs both in
time and money, and some regulations could prohibit or restrict some homebuilding activity.

     We are subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations that affect the land development
and homebuilding process, including laws and regulations related to zoning, permitted land uses,
levels of density, building design, warranties, storm water pollution prevention and use of open
spaces. In addition, we are subject to a variety of laws and regulations concerning safety and the
protection of health and the environment. The particular environmental laws that apply to any
given neighborhood vary greatly according to the neighborhood site, the site’s environmental
conditions and the present and former uses of the site. In some of the markets where we operate,
we are required to pay environmental impact fees, use energy-saving construction materials, such as
extra insulation or double-paned windows, and make commitments to municipalities to provide certain
infrastructure such as roads and sewage systems. We and the contractors that we engage to work on
our jobsites are also subject to laws and

12

regulations related to workers’ health and safety, wage and hour practices and immigration.
We generally are required to obtain permits and approvals from local authorities to commence and
complete residential development or home construction. Such permits and approvals may from time to
time be opposed or challenged by local governments, neighboring property owners or other interested
parties, adding delays, costs and risks of non-approval to the process. Our obligation to comply
with the laws and regulations under which we operate, or the obligation of our independent
contractors to comply with these and other laws and regulations, could result in delays in land
development and homebuilding activity, cause us to incur substantial costs and prohibit or restrict
land development and construction.

     It is possible that increasingly stringent requirements will be imposed on developers and
homebuilders in the future. Although we cannot predict with any certainty either the nature of the
requirements or the effect on our business, they could result in time-consuming and expensive
compliance programs and in substantial expenditures, which could cause delays and increase our cost
of operations. The additional costs associated with new regulatory requirements or compliance
programs may not be recoverable from our homebuyers in the form of higher sales prices which could
adversely affect our results of operations.

We may incur increased costs related to repairing construction defects in the homes we sell.

     Our Home Building operations are subject to warranty and other claims related to construction
defects and other construction-related issues, including compliance with building codes. The costs
we incur to resolve those warranty and other claims reduce our profitability, and if we were to
experience an unusually high level of claims, or unusually severe claims, our profitability could
be adversely affected.

An inability to obtain bonding could limit the number of projects we are able to pursue, and we
could be adversely affected if we are required to post additional collateral in respect of bonds
issued in connection with past construction projects.

     As is customary in the homebuilding industry, we often are required to provide surety bonds to
secure our performance under construction contracts, development agreements and other arrangements.
Our ability to obtain surety bonds primarily depends upon our credit rating, capitalization,
working capital, past performance, management expertise and certain external factors, including the
overall capacity of the surety market. Under certain circumstances, such as a claim on a bond, a
breach of the contract to which the bond applies, or a material breach of a representation made to
a surety, we may be required to provide one or more sureties with additional collateral to support
our bond obligations. In addition, in some cases, upon request of a surety, we may be required to
cause the surety to be discharged from all bond obligations by providing collateral sufficient to
cover all of such surety’s bond exposure or alternative funding of such bond obligations. If one
or more of our third-party sureties were to request additional collateral, our obligations could be
significant, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial position or results of
operations.

FINANCIAL SERVICES

General business, economic and market conditions may significantly affect the results of operations
of our Financial Services operations.

     Our Financial Services operations are sensitive to general business and economic conditions in
the United States. These conditions include the liquidity and availability of financing in
mortgage finance markets, short-term and long-term interest rates, inflation, fluctuations in both
debt and equity capital markets, and the strength of the U.S. economy, as well as the local
economies in which we conduct business. If any of these conditions worsen, our Financial Services
business could be adversely affected. Also, because Financial Services focuses on providing
services to customers who are considering the purchase of a home from Home Building or third
parties, reduced home sales will likely also impact Financial Services’ business in the form of
reduced home loans, title services and insurance services.

     In addition, our Financial Services business is significantly affected by the fiscal and
monetary policies of the federal government and its agencies. We are particularly affected by the
policies of the Federal Reserve Board, which regulates the supply of money and credit in the United
States. The Federal Reserve Board’s policies influence the size of the mortgage origination
market. The Federal Reserve Board’s policies also influence the yield on our interest-earning
assets and the cost of our interest-bearing liabilities. Changes in those policies are beyond our
control and difficult to predict and can have a material effect on the results of operations of our
Financial Services segment.

13

The mortgage financing industry is highly competitive.

     Our Financial Services business operates in a highly competitive industry that could become
even more competitive as a result of economic, legislative, regulatory and technological changes.
Competition for mortgage loans comes primarily from mortgage banking subsidiaries of large
commercial banks, mortgage companies, and savings and other financial institutions. We face
competition in such areas as mortgage product offerings, rates and fees, and customer service.
Competition has been significantly affected by recent disruptions in the mortgage market, which
have significantly reduced the pool of qualified homebuyers. In addition, technological advances
such as developments in e-commerce activities have increased consumers’ accessibility to products
and services generally. This has intensified competition among banking as well as nonbanking
companies in offering mortgage loans and similar financial products and services.

Changes in lending laws could hurt our Financial Services operations.

     Our Financial Services operations are subject to extensive and complex laws and regulations
that affect loan origination. These include eligibility requirements for participation in federal
loan programs and compliance with consumer lending and similar requirements such as disclosure
requirements, prohibitions against discrimination and real estate settlement procedures. They may
also subject our operations to examination by applicable agencies. These may limit our ability to
provide mortgage financing or title services to potential purchasers of our homes.

FACTORS AFFECTING MULTIPLE BUSINESS SEGMENTS

Market conditions in the mortgage lending and mortgage finance industries have worsened
significantly in fiscal year 2008, which adversely affected the availability of credit for some
purchasers of our homes, reduced the population of potential mortgage customers and reduced
mortgage liquidity. Further tightening of mortgage lending or mortgage financing requirements or
further reduced mortgage liquidity could have a material adverse effect on our homebuilding and
mortgage lending operations and their respective results of operations.

     In fiscal year 2008, the mortgage lending industry experienced significant disruptions due to,
among other things, defaults on a variety of nonconforming loan products and a resulting decline in
the market value of such loans. In light of these developments, lenders, investors, regulators and
other third parties questioned the adequacy of loan documentation and credit requirements for
certain types of loan programs made available to borrowers in recent years. This led to reduced
investor demand for mortgage loans and mortgage-backed securities, tightened credit underwriting
requirements, reduced liquidity and increased credit risk premiums. Among other things,
deterioration in credit quality among nonconforming loan borrowers has caused almost all lenders to
eliminate most loan products that are not conforming loans, FHA/VA-eligible loans or jumbo loans
meeting conforming underwriting guidelines except as to the size of the loan. In general, fewer
loan products and tighter loan qualifications make it more difficult for some categories of
borrowers to finance the purchase of our homes or obtain mortgage loans from us to finance the
purchase of homes sold by others. These developments have resulted in a reduction in demand for
the homes that we sell and in the demand for the mortgage loans that we originate. These
developments have had and are expected to continue to have a material adverse effect on our
business and results of operations.

     The adverse market conditions in the mortgage lending industry described above have affected
our business in a number of respects. For example, CTX Mortgage Company, LLC has essentially
ceased originating sub-prime or other nonconforming loans. Furthermore, due to the reduction in available mortgage
loan liquidity, CTX Mortgage Company, LLC decided in the second quarter of fiscal year 2008 to
discontinue the origination of new construction loans. In addition, in the second and third
quarters of fiscal year 2008, CTX Mortgage Company, LLC ceased selling loans to HSF-I, which had
been the principal financing vehicle for its operations, and terminated this financing vehicle.

     Further tightening of the mortgage lending markets in the form of reduced numbers or types of
loan products, or tighter loan qualification requirements (including credit score and down payment
requirements), could further reduce the demand for our homes or the mortgages we originate, which
could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. In addition,
further disruptions or other adverse conditions in the mortgage finance markets leading to further
reduced mortgage liquidity or decreased demand for mortgage loans could result in an inability to
sell or finance the loans we originate, or less favorable terms of sale or reduced yield or greater
reserves pending sale, which could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of
operations.

14

We could be adversely affected by a change in our credit rating or a disruption in the capital
markets.

     Our ability to sustain or grow our business and to operate in a profitable manner depends to a
significant extent upon our ability to access capital. We use capital principally to finance
operations, purchase and develop land, construct houses and originate mortgage loans. Until
recently, our access to capital was enhanced by the fact that our senior debt securities had an
investment-grade credit rating from each of the principal credit rating agencies, and we were able
to issue commercial paper. During the quarter ended December 31, 2007, Moody’s Investors Service,
which we refer to as Moody’s, and Standard & Poors, which we refer to as S&P, lowered their ratings
of our senior debt, and changed our commercial paper rating to non-prime. On May 7, 2008, S&P
further lowered its ratings of our senior debt. See “Financial Condition and Liquidity” in Item 7
of this Report for additional information about our credit rating. As a result of our current
rating, we do not have access to many financing strategies that are available to companies with
investment grade ratings. As a consequence, it may become more difficult and costly for us to
access the capital that is required in order to implement our business plans and operate our
business. We may experience a further downgrade in our credit
rating by the rating agencies that would likely result in increased costs for certain of our
financing and also further restrict our ability to finance mortgage loan originations.

     As a result of the more recent adverse market conditions affecting mortgage loans, which
worsened significantly in August 2007, CTX Mortgage Company, LLC no longer relies on asset-backed
funding vehicles, such as HSF-I, for its mortgage funding needs. Instead, CTX Mortgage Company,
LLC uses committed bank warehouse credit facilities.

     On May 7, 2008, S&P lowered our debt rating from BB+ to BB. This downgrade triggered a
provision in CTX Mortgage Company, LLC’s $450 million committed bank warehouse credit facility
which allows the bank to convert the facility to an amortizing loan based on the ultimate sale of
the underlying collateral and not to purchase any additional mortgage loans. On May 9, 2008, CTX
Mortgage Company, LLC executed an amendment to the bank warehouse credit facility which lowered the
commitment to $375 million, reset the debt ratings trigger that provides the bank the option to
convert the facility to an amortizing loan if our credit rating falls below BB by S&P and Fitch or
below Ba2 by Moody’s. A
further downgrade in our credit rating by a rating agency could result in the wind-down of the $375
million warehouse credit facility. For more information about our current mortgage financing, see
the “Financial Condition and Liquidity” section of Item 7 of this Report.

     A long-term or further disruption in the mortgage finance or capital markets could make it
more difficult or more expensive for us to raise capital for use in our business, for our customers
to obtain home loans or for us to sell loans originated by our Financial Services operations.
Further, a reduction of the positive spread between the rate at which we can borrow and the rate at
which we can lend could hurt our ability to profit from our loan origination business.

Our income tax provision and other tax reserves may be insufficient if any taxing authorities are
successful in asserting tax positions that are contrary to our position.

     Significant judgment is required to determine our provision for income taxes and for our
reserves for federal, state, local and other taxes. In the ordinary course of our business, there
may be matters for which the ultimate tax outcome is uncertain. Although we believe our approach
to determining the tax treatment is appropriate, no assurance can be given that the final tax
authority review will not be materially different than that which is reflected in our income tax
provision and other tax reserves. Such differences could have a material adverse effect on our
income tax provision or benefits, or other tax reserves, in the period in which such determination
is made and, consequently, on our results of operations for such period.

     From time to time, we are audited by various federal, state and local authorities regarding
tax matters. We fully cooperate with all audits. Our audits are in various stages of completion;
however, no outcome for a particular audit can be determined with certainty prior to the conclusion
of the audit, appeal and, in some cases, litigation process. As each audit is concluded, we record
appropriate adjustments, if any, in our financial statements in the period determined. We maintain
reserves to provide for potential tax exposures relating to uncertain tax positions, based on
reasonable estimates of our potential exposure (including interest and penalties, when applicable)
that may result from audits. However, if the reserves are insufficient upon completion of any
audit process, there could be an adverse impact on our financial position and results of
operations.

15

New federal laws that adversely affect liquidity in the secondary mortgage market could hurt our
business.

     The Government-sponsored enterprises, principally FNMA and FHLMC, play a significant role in
buying home mortgages and creating investment securities that they either sell to investors or hold
in their portfolios. These organizations provide liquidity to the secondary mortgage market. Any
new federal laws that restrict or curtail their activities could affect the ability of our
customers to obtain mortgage loans or increase mortgage interest rates, which could reduce demand
for our homes and/or the loans that we originate and adversely affect our results of operations.

Reductions in tax benefits could make home ownership more expensive or less attractive.

     Significant expenses of owning a home, including mortgage interest expense and real estate
taxes, generally are deductible expenses for an individual’s federal, and in some cases state,
income taxes, subject to various limitations under current tax law and policy. If the federal
government or a state government changes income tax laws to eliminate or substantially modify these
income tax deductions, the after-tax costs of owning a new home would increase for the typical
homeowner. If such tax law changes were enacted without other offsetting provisions or effects,
they could adversely impact the demand for, and/or sales prices of, new homes, mortgage loans and
home equity loans, and our operations might be negatively affected.

Failure to comply with the covenants and conditions imposed by our credit facilities could restrict
future borrowing or cause our debt to become immediately due and payable.

     We are required to maintain compliance with certain financial covenants in our multi-bank
revolving credit facility. Material covenants include a maximum leverage ratio, a minimum tangible
net worth requirement and a borrowing base limiting the amount of available borrowings. There can
be no assurance that we will continue to comply with the covenants in our multi-bank revolving
credit facility, and depending on our future results of operations, we may need to seek waivers or
amendments from our lenders in future periods. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that our
lenders will agree to such waivers or amendments on terms we regard as satisfactory.

     In addition, our committed bank warehouse credit facilities and loan agreements relating to
certain of our joint ventures contain various affirmative and negative covenants and guarantees
requested by lenders for facilities of these types. In order to continue to borrow funds under
these facilities, we will need to continue to be in compliance with these covenants and guarantees.

     In general, with respect to our multi-bank revolving credit facility, bank warehouse credit
facilities and loan agreements relating to certain of our joint ventures, if we fail to comply with
any of the covenants or guarantees contained therein, which may occur if we experience additional
asset impairments or incur additional net losses, we may be unable to obtain future financing for
working capital, capital expenditures, letters of credit, acquisitions, debt service requirements
or other requirements, or the credit providers could cause our debt to become immediately due and
payable, or we may be required to make certain payments in connection with our joint venture
indebtedness.

We may be subject to claims and liabilities in connection with sales of assets or discontinued
businesses.

     Over the past several fiscal years, we have completed the sale of our international
homebuilding operations, Home Equity and Construction Services in separate transactions to
unrelated third parties. In addition, in March 2008, we sold a portfolio of 27 developed,
partially developed and undeveloped properties to a joint venture and sold a portfolio of five
resort/second home properties to a third party. Finally, in April 2008, we completed the sale of
our home services operations. In connection with each of these transactions, we made
representations and warranties to the purchasers of the applicable businesses or assets, agreed to
retain responsibility for certain actual or contingent liabilities and agreed to indemnify the
purchasers against breaches of representations and warranties and other liabilities. In addition,
certain of the businesses we sold had bonds or letters of credit outstanding at the date of sale,
which were assumed by the purchasers, but for which we retain responsibility under indemnities or
other direct contractual relationships with the sureties issuing the bonds or letters of credit.
To date, we have not incurred any material losses in respect of claims asserted by the purchasers
in connection with these transactions or claims asserted by sureties in respect of outstanding
bonds or letters of credit. In addition, our liability to the purchasers is subject to certain
limitations, including limitations on the time period during which claims may be asserted and the
amounts for which we are liable. However, there can be no assurance that we will not incur future
liabilities to the purchasers in connection with these transactions or the sureties issuing any
bonds or letters of credit or that the amount of such liabilities will not be material.

16

We may not realize our net deferred tax assets.

     As of March 31, 2008, we had gross deferred tax assets of $1.02 billion for which an $830
million valuation allowance was established in fiscal year 2008. The ultimate realization of the
deferred tax assets is dependent upon a variety of factors, including taxable income in prior
carryback years, estimates of future taxable income, tax planning strategies and reversals of
existing taxable temporary differences. The Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) provides
in Statement of Financial Accounting Standards (“SFAS”) No. 109, “Accounting for Income Taxes,”
(“SFAS 109”) that a cumulative loss in recent years is significant negative evidence in considering
whether deferred tax assets are realizable. Based on our assessment, including the implementation
of certain tax planning strategies, the realization of approximately $830 million of our deferred
tax assets is dependent upon future taxable income and, accordingly, we have established a
valuation allowance equal to such amount.

     The valuation allowance may be increased or decreased as conditions change or if we are unable
to implement certain tax planning strategies. An increase in the valuation allowance would reduce
the carrying value of the deferred tax assets and increase the provision for income taxes in the
reporting period, which would reduce net income for the period and could have a material adverse
effect on our financial position and results of operations.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This report includes various forward-looking statements, which are not facts or guarantees of
future performance and which are subject to significant risks and uncertainties.

     Certain information included in this Report or in other materials we have filed or will file
with the SEC, as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made
or to be made by us, contains or may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, Section 21E of the Exchange Act and the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. You can identify these statements by the
fact that they do not relate to matters of a strictly factual or historical nature and generally
discuss or relate to forecasts, estimates or other expectations regarding future events.
Generally, the words “believe,” “expect,” “intend,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “project,” “may,”
“can,” “could,” “might,” “will” and similar expressions identify forward-looking statements,
including statements related to expected operating and performing results, planned transactions,
planned objectives of management, future developments or conditions in the industries in which we
participate and other trends, developments and uncertainties that may affect our business in the
future. Such statements include information related to anticipated operating results, financial
resources, changes in interest rates and other developments and conditions in financing markets,
changes in revenues, changes in profitability, interest expense, growth and expansion, our
investment in unconsolidated entities, the ability to acquire land, the ability to gain approvals
and to open new neighborhoods, the ability to sell homes and properties, the ability to deliver
homes from backlog, the ability to secure materials and contractors, the ability to produce the
liquidity and capital necessary for our business, the completion of and effects from planned
transactions and stock market valuations. From time to time, forward-looking statements also are
included in our other periodic reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, press releases and
presentations, on our web site and in other material released to the public.

     Forward-looking statements are not historical facts or guarantees of future performance but
instead represent only our beliefs at the time the statements were made regarding future events,
which are subject to significant risks, uncertainties, and other factors, many of which are outside
of our control and certain of which are listed above. Any or all of the forward-looking statements
included in this Report and in any other reports or public statements made by us may turn out to be
materially inaccurate. This can occur as a result of incorrect assumptions or as a consequence of
known or unknown risks and uncertainties. Many of the risks and uncertainties mentioned in this
Report or another report or public statement made by us, such as those discussed in the risk
factors contained in this Item 1A, will be important in determining whether these forward-looking
statements prove to be accurate. Consequently, neither our stockholders nor any other person
should place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements and should recognize that actual
results may differ materially from those anticipated by us.

     All forward-looking statements made in this Report are made as of the date hereof, and the
risk that actual results will differ materially from expectations expressed in this Report will
increase with the passage of time. We undertake no obligation, and disclaim any duty, to publicly
update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future
events, changes in our expectations or otherwise. However, we may make further disclosures
regarding future events, trends and uncertainties in our subsequent reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and
8-K to the extent required under the Exchange Act. The above cautionary discussion of risks,
uncertainties and possible inaccurate assumptions relevant to our business include factors we
believe could cause our actual results to differ materially from expected and historical results.
Other factors beyond those listed above, including factors unknown to us and factors known to us
which we have not determined to be material, could also adversely affect us.

17

This discussion is provided as permitted by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995 and all of our forward-looking statements are expressly qualified in their entirety by the
cautionary statements contained or referenced in this section.