.

If the proposed merger with Deluxe Corporation is not consummated, Hostopia will have incurred substantial costs that may adversely affect Hostopia’s financial results and operations and the market price of Hostopia common stock.

Hostopia has incurred and will incur substantial costs in connection with the proposed merger with Deluxe Corporation. These costs are primarily associated with professional and financial advisory fees. In addition, Hostopia has diverted significant management resources in an effort to complete the merger and is subject to restrictions contained in the merger agreement on the conduct of
 its business. If the merger is not completed, Hostopia will have incurred significant costs, including the diversion of management resources, for which it will have received little or no benefit. Also, if the merger is not consummated under certain circumstances specified in the merger agreement, Hostopia may be required to pay Deluxe Corporation a termination fee of Cdn$4.3 million. 

In addition, if the merger is not consummated, Hostopia may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, customers and employees. Each of these factors may adversely affect the trading price of Hostopia common stock and Hostopia’s financial results and operations. In particular, if the merger is not completed for any reason, Hostopia’s stock price may decline to
 the extent that the current market price reflects a market assumption that the merger will be completed or the market’s perceptions as to the reason why the merger was not consummated.

Loss of significant customers could significantly decrease our revenues.

We are dependent on a few customers for a significant portion of our revenues. As of March 31, 2008, 20 of our customers accounted for approximately 64% of our total monthly revenue, ranging individually from 0.6% to 13% of total revenue, and our top three customers accounted for approximately 28% of our total revenue. While we currently have contracts with these customers ranging from
 one to four years in length, the loss of any one of these 20 customers, or the loss of a portion of their business to competitor services, would significantly decrease our total revenue and would adversely affect our business. We may not be able to reduce our reliance on contracts with a limited number of customers. In addition, a change in the liquidity of any one large customer, or our inability to collect amounts owing to us from any one large customer, could have a material adverse
 effect on our financial position.

Our revenue and profit depend upon retention and growth of our customer base as well as their end-user base.

To execute our business plan successfully, we must maintain existing relationships with our customers and establish new relationships with additional communications services providers that have strong relationships with small and medium-sized businesses. We depend upon our customers’ relationships with their end-users. Because we provide our Web services primarily on a wholesale
 basis to customers for retail to end-user businesses, our revenues and profits depend upon our customers adding to their base of end-users and successfully marketing our Web services to their end-users. While we provide services to assist our customers in attracting new end-users and in selling additional Web services, our customers may not be successful in selling our services. If we are unable to diversify and extend our customer relationships, our ability to grow our business may be
 compromised. In addition, failure of our customers to add new end-users and sell new Web services would decrease our revenues and profits and adversely affect our business.

Our recent profitability may not be sustained.

Although we generated net income for the fiscal years ended March 31, 2005 through 2008, we had not been profitable in any other period since our inception, and may not be profitable in future periods. As of March 31, 2008, we had retained earnings of approximately $2.9 million. We expect that our expenses relating to the sale and marketing of our services, technology improvements, and
 general and administrative functions, as well as the costs of operating and maintaining our technology infrastructure, will increase in the future. In addition, we may need to incur increased costs to preserve existing customer relationships and obtain new customers. Accordingly, we will need to increase our revenues to be able to maintain our profitability. If we are unable to retain our current customers, obtain new customers, develop and sell new Web services to customers, or
 increase our prices sufficiently to offset increased operating costs or if we are unable to

15

reduce our expenses in a timely manner, the resulting decreased revenue would adversely affect our operating results and our level of profitability.

We may not be able to sustain our average revenue and profitability per customer or end-user.

Given the competitive nature of our industry, we may not be able to maintain our average selling prices at their current levels. We may be required, due to competitive pressures or otherwise, to reduce the prices we charge for our Web services. If we reduced our prices, our margins would decline, which would adversely affect our operating results. Other circumstances may cause a
 reduction in our average revenue per end user including, without limitation: (1) volume discounts provided to our customers, and (2) customers purchasing lower cost Web services.

We may not be able continue our growth.

Our five-year compound average growth rate to March 31, 2008 was 38% while our revenues grew 24% in fiscal 2008. A substantial portion of this growth was the result of us contracting with a number of large new customers as well as the general strong growth of websites on the Internet as a tool for small and medium-size businesses to grow their own revenues. There can be no assurance we
 will continue to attract new customers at the rate we did in the past, nor, that the market for website hosting and related applications will continue to grow at the same rate it did over the past five years.

We face intense and growing competition not only from other private-label, wholesale web hosting providers, but also from our customers and our customers’ competitors. If we are unable to compete successfully, our market share will decline and our business will be seriously harmed.

The market for Web services provided to end-user businesses is competitive. As there are relatively low barriers to entry for the provision of basic Web services, we expect competition to increase from both established and emerging companies. In addition to other private-label providers of Web services, our actual and potential competitors include:

 •

 Telecommunications and cable companies;

 •

 Website design, development and hosting service and software companies;

 •

 Internet service providers and application service providers;

 •

 Internet search engine providers, Website domain name providers;

 •

 Other diversified Internet companies.

Some of these entities compete directly with our customers for the provision of a range of services to end-user businesses. If our customers do not compete effectively, our end-user base will decrease and our profitability will suffer. Many potential competitors also have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial, technical, marketing and other resources than we, or our
 customers do, greater brand recognition and, we believe, some have a larger base of end-users. They may be able to adapt more quickly to new or emerging technologies and changes in end-user requirements. They may also be able to devote greater resources to the promotion and sale of their services than we can. If we and our customers fail to compete successfully against these current and future competitors, our end-users’ demand for our Web services may decline, and our revenues
 could increase less than anticipated or decline.

Additionally, certain of these competitors may offer Web hosting and related services at significantly lower prices than ours or entirely without charge. This could significantly decrease demand for paid Web hosting and cause us to lower our prices and suffer decreased earnings.

Our customers and potential customers could also choose to create their own proprietary systems to offer Web services to end-users, instead of purchasing our Web services. This would result in termination, or non-renewal of existing agreements, a decrease in our revenues, and a decline in our profitability.

We operate in multiple tax jurisdictions and have recently become taxable in most of them and face the risk of double taxation if one jurisdiction does not acquiesce to the tax claims of another jurisdiction.

We currently operate in the United States and Canada and are subject to income taxes in those countries and the specific states and/or provinces where we operate. In the event one taxing jurisdiction disagrees with another taxing

16

jurisdiction, we could experience temporary or permanent double taxation and increased professional fees to resolve taxation matters.

We rely on the reliability, security, and performance of our internally developed systems and operations, and any difficulties in maintaining these systems may result in service interruptions, decreased customer and end-user service, or increased expenditures.

We have experienced system failures or outages in the past, and will likely experience future system failures or outages from time to time that disrupt the operation of our Web services and harm our business. During limited periods of time, some of our Web services did not function or had limited functionality, resulting in additional customer service related expenses and the provision
 of credits against future invoices to some customers. Our revenue and profit depend in large part on the availability of our Web services. We have a contractual obligation to provide all of our customers credits against future invoices in the event that service disruptions occur. Furthermore, customers may terminate their agreements with us as a result of significant Web service interruptions. If our Web services are unavailable, our revenues and profits could decrease and we could lose
 customers.

The software and workflow processes that underlie our ability to deliver our Web services have been developed primarily by our own employees. Human error in software could result in the inability to provide services or cause unforeseen technical problems. The reliability and continuous availability of our internal systems are critical to our business, and any interruptions that result in
 our inability to deliver our Web services, or that materially impact the efficiency or cost with which we provide these Web services, would harm our reputation, profitability and ability to conduct business.

We may not be able to integrate our new hardware and software successfully and our reliability, reputation and revenues could suffer.

We expect that many of the software systems we currently use will need to be enhanced over time or replaced, either of which could entail considerable effort and expense. Our internal systems are comprised of highly customized hardware and software. New software, hardware or networking methodologies must be carefully integrated into our system, which may require adjustments to
 interconnected systems. Such upgrades and integrations could result in unforeseen technical problems or the inability to provide services for an extended period of time. If we fail to develop and execute reliable policies, procedures and tools to operate our infrastructure, we could face a substantial decrease in workflow efficiency and increased costs, as well as a decline in our revenue and harm to our reputation.

If our security systems are breached we could incur liability, our services may be perceived as not being secure, and our business and reputation could suffer.

Our business involves the storage and transmission of the proprietary information of end-users. Although we employ internal control procedures to protect the security of our customers’ end-users’ data, we cannot guarantee that these measures will be sufficient for this purpose. If our security measures are breached as a result of a third party action, employee
 error or otherwise, and end-users’ information becomes available to unauthorized parties, we could incur liability and our reputation would be damaged, which could lead to the loss of current and potential customers. Breaches of our security could result in misappropriation of personal information, suspension of website hosting operations or interruptions in our Web services. If we experience any breaches of our network security or sabotage, we might be required to expend
 significant capital and other resources to remedy, protect against or alleviate these and related problems, and we may not be able to remedy these problems in a timely manner, or at all. Since techniques used by outsiders to obtain unauthorized network access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or implement adequate preventive measures.

Our systems are also exposed to computer viruses, denial of service attacks and bulk unsolicited commercial e-mail, or spam. The property and business interruption insurance we carry may not have coverage adequate to compensate us fully for losses that may occur. Such events could cause loss of service and data to customers and end-users, even if the resulting disruption
 is temporary. We could be required to make significant expenditures if our systems are damaged or destroyed, or if the delivery of our services to our customers and end-users is delayed and our profitability will decline.

In addition, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and certain state agencies have investigated various Internet companies’ use of their customers’ personal information. Various governments have also enacted laws protecting the privacy of consumers’ non-public personal information. Our failure to comply with existing laws (including those of foreign
 countries), the adoption of new laws or regulations regarding the use of personal information that require us to change the way we conduct our business or an investigation of our privacy practices could increase the costs of operating our business.

17

Our business depends in part on our ability to continue to provide value added services, many of which are dependent upon a single related party contractor, and our business will be harmed if we are unable to provide these services in a cost-effective manner.

We rely upon one primary contractor, Geeksforless.com Inc. (GFL), a related party by means of common ownership, to develop and support many of our Web services. Our continued ability to obtain and provide our Web services at a low cost is central to the success of our business. GFL utilizes the service of programmers and technicians in Ukraine in order to provide competitive outsourcing
 prices. There are many risks associated with carrying on business in Ukraine, any or all of which may adversely affect GFL’s ability to continue providing services to us, including:

 •

 Social, political and economic instability;

 •

 Unexpected changes in foreign regulatory or tax requirements;

 •

 Difficulties in managing and staffing international operations;

 •

 The burdens of complying with foreign laws and different legal standards; and

 •

 Reduced or varied protection for intellectual property rights.

If GFL is unable or unwilling to provide services to us, we could lose our ability to provide many of our Web services at an attractive price to our customers, which could cause our revenue to decline or our costs to increase.

Most of our Web services are sold by our customers on a month-to-month basis to end-user businesses and, if such businesses are either unable or unwilling to subscribe to our Web services, our revenue may decrease.

Typically, our Web services are sold by our customers to end-user businesses pursuant to month-to-month subscription agreements. End-user businesses can generally cancel their subscriptions at any time with little or no penalty. Subscription renewal rates for end-user businesses may decline due to a variety of factors, including the overall economic environment and its impact on small
 and medium-sized businesses, the services and prices offered by us and our competitors, and the evolving use of the Internet by small and medium-sized businesses. If renewal rates for end-user businesses are low or decline for any reason, or if end-user businesses demand renewal terms that are less favorable to our customers, who in turn demand renewal terms on our wholesale contracts with them that are less favorable to us, our revenue could decrease.

If economic or other factors negatively affect the small and medium-sized business sector, end-users may become unwilling or unable to purchase our Web services, which could cause our revenue to decline and impair our ability to operate profitably.

The existing and target end-users of our customers include small and medium-sized businesses. These businesses are more likely to be significantly affected by economic downturns than larger, more established businesses. Additionally, these end-user businesses often have limited funds, which they may choose to spend on items other than our Web services. If small and medium-sized
 businesses experience economic hardship, they may be unwilling or unable to expend resources to develop their Internet presence, which would negatively affect the overall demand for our Web services and could cause our revenue to decline.

We may expand through acquisitions of, or investments in, other companies or technologies, which may result in additional dilution to our stockholders and consume resources that may be necessary to sustain our business.

One of our business strategies is to acquire complementary services, technologies or businesses. In connection with one or more of these transactions, we may:

 •

 Issue additional equity securities that would dilute our stockholders’ ownership position and could adversely affect the market price of Hostopia common stock;

 •

 Use cash that we may need in the future to operate our business; and

 •

 Incur debt that could have terms unfavorable to us or that we might be unable to repay

Any acquisition could involve many risks, including, but not limited to, the following:

18

 •

 Integrating acquired business operations, systems, employees, services, technologies and sales channels into our existing business, workforce and services could be complex, time-consuming and expensive;

 •

 An acquisition may disrupt our ongoing business, divert resources, increase our expenses and distract our management;

 •

 We may assume debt or other liabilities, known and unknown, including litigation risk, associated with the acquired services, technology or company;

 •

 To the extent an acquired company has a different corporate culture from ours, we may have difficulty assimilating this organization, which could lead to morale issues, increased turnover and lower productivity than anticipated, and could also have a negative impact on the culture of our existing organization;

 •

 We may be required to record substantial accounting charges; and

 •

 An acquisition may involve entry into geographic or business markets in which we have little or no prior experience.

In addition, we may not realize the anticipated benefits of any acquisition, including securing the services of key employees. Incurring unknown liabilities or the failure to realize the anticipated benefits of an acquisition could seriously harm our business.

Any of the foregoing or other factors could harm our ability to achieve anticipated levels of profitability from acquired services, technologies or businesses, or to realize other anticipated benefits of acquisitions. We may not be able to identify or consummate any future acquisitions on favorable terms, or at all. If we do effect an acquisition, it is possible that the financial
 markets or investors will view the acquisition negatively. Even if we successfully complete an acquisition, it could adversely affect our business.

Likely fluctuations in our financial results may make it difficult to predict our future performance and may result in volatility in the market price of Hostopia common stock.

Certain factors may contribute to significant fluctuations in our financial results, such as:

 •

 Our ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, and satisfy our customers’ requirements;

 •

 The additional operating expenses required to implement new customer contracts or to grow and integrate a new acquisition;

 •

 Varying renewal rates for our services;

 •

 The costs of certain marketing initiatives such as participation in trade shows;

 •

 The percentage of higher margin Web services sold;

 •

 The entry of new competitors into our market;

 •

 Changes in our pricing policies or those of our competitors;

 •

 The timing and success of new services introduced by us or our competitors;

 •

 The rate of expansion and effectiveness of our sales force;

 •

 Technical difficulties or interruptions in our services;

 •

 General economic conditions;

 •

 Additional investment in our services or operations; and

19

 •

 Regulatory compliance costs.

These factors and others all tend to make the timing and amount of our revenue unpredictable and may lead to continued or greater period-to-period fluctuations in revenue than we have experienced historically. As a result of these factors, we believe that our quarterly revenue and results of operations are likely to vary significantly in the future and that period-to-period comparisons
 of our operating results may not be meaningful. You should not rely on the results of one quarter as an indication of future performance. If our quarterly revenue or results of operations fall below the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the price of Hostopia common stock could decline substantially.

The systems and data centers we use are vulnerable to natural disasters and other unexpected problems that could lead to interruptions, delays, loss of data, or the inability to accept and fulfill end-user subscriptions.

We lease space in data centers, containing servers, located in Miami, Florida and Toronto, Ontario. Our accounting, operations, programming, customer service and sales and marketing departments are located in Toronto, Ontario. Additionally, our U.S. sales office is located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. Hurricanes, fire, floods, power loss, telecommunications failures, break-ins, computer
 sabotage and similar events could damage or destroy these systems and facilities and temporarily prevent us from fulfilling existing service orders and from securing new orders. Such events could cause loss of service and data to customers and end-users, even if the resulting disruption is temporary. Our business could be seriously harmed, our revenues could decline, or customers’ confidence in our systems could decrease, and we could be required to make significant expenditures
 if our systems were damaged or destroyed, or if the delivery of our services to our customers and end-users were delayed or stopped, by any of these occurrences.

We may be unable to respond to the rapid technological changes in our industry and our attempts to respond may require significant capital expenditures.

The Internet and electronic commerce are characterized by rapid technological change. Sudden changes in end-user and customer requirements and preferences, the frequent introduction of new services embodying new technologies and the emergence of new industry standards and practices could make our Web services and systems obsolete. The rapid evolution of Internet-based applications and
 services will require that we continually improve the performance, features and reliability of our Web services. Our success will depend, in part, on our ability:

 •

 To develop new Web services and technologies that address the increasingly sophisticated and varied needs of our current and prospective customers and end-users; and

 •

 To respond to technological advances and emerging industry standards and practices on a cost-effective and timely basis.

We have elected to develop a substantial portion of all of our Web services internally, rather than by licensing or acquiring technology from third-party vendors. The development of new Web services is complex, and we may not be able to complete development in a timely manner, or at all. Our internal development teams may be unable to keep pace with new technological developments
 that affect the marketplace for our Web services. If relevant technological developments or changes in the market outpace our ability to develop Web services demanded by current and prospective customers and their end-users, our existing Web services may be rendered obsolete, and we may be forced to license or acquire software and other technology from third parties, or we may lose existing customers and fail to attract new customers. If we are forced to shift our strategy toward
 licensing our core technology from third parties, it could prove to be more costly than internal development and adversely affect our operating results.

The development of Web services and other proprietary technology involves significant technological and business risks and requires substantial expenditures and lead-time. We may be unable to use new technologies effectively or to adapt our internally developed technologies and Web services to customer requirements or emerging industry standards. In addition, as we offer new Web
 services and functionality, we will need to ensure that any new Web services and functionality are well integrated with our current Web services, particularly as we offer an increasing number of our Web services as part of bundled suites. To the extent that any of our new Web services do not integrate well with our existing Web services, our ability to market and sell those new Web services would be adversely affected and our revenue level and ability to achieve and sustain
 profitability may be harmed.

20

The provision of Web services to small and medium- sized businesses which are designed to allow them to establish and maintain an Internet presence is a new and emerging market; if this market fails to develop, we will not be able to grow our business.

Our success depends on a significant number of small and medium-sized businesses outsourcing website hosting and management, as well as adopting other online business services. The market for our Web services resold by our customers is relatively new and untested. If small or medium-sized businesses determine that Internet presence is not giving their businesses an advantage, they will
 be less likely to purchase our Web services through our customers. Alternatively, as technology advances, small and medium-sized businesses may establish the capacity to host their own applications and thereby have no need for our hosting services. If the market for our Web services fails to grow or grows more slowly than we currently anticipate, or if our Web services fail to achieve widespread acceptance by end-users, demand for our services will decline and our revenue will
 suffer.

We may be unable to protect our intellectual property adequately or cost-effectively, which may cause us to lose market share or force us to reduce our prices.

To establish and protect our intellectual property rights, we rely on a combination of copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, confidentiality procedures, contractual provisions, and other similar measures to protect our proprietary information, all of which offer only limited protection. We currently have no issued patents, and existing patent applications may not result in issued
 and valid patents. Any future issued patents or registered trademarks or service marks might not be enforceable or provide adequate protection for our proprietary rights.

We enter into confidentiality and proprietary inventions agreements with our employees, and confidentiality or license agreements with consultants, third-party developers and customers. A large number of third-party developers under contract with us reside in Ukraine and, although we generally have agreements with these third party contractors, Ukraine is an emerging democracy and we
 cannot assure you that the terms of these agreements would be adequately enforced under the current legal system in that country.

Because of the global nature of the Internet, websites can be viewed worldwide, but we do not have intellectual property protection in every jurisdiction. Furthermore, effective patent, trademark, service mark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which our services become available over the Internet. In addition, the legal standards relating to
 the validity, enforceability and scope of protection of intellectual property rights in our industry are uncertain and still evolving.

The steps we have taken to protect our intellectual property may not prevent the misappropriation of proprietary rights or the reverse engineering of our technology. Moreover, others may independently develop technologies that are competitive with or superior to ours or that infringe our intellectual property. The enforcement of our intellectual property rights may depend on our taking
 legal action against such infringing parties, and we cannot be sure that these actions will be successful, even when our rights have been infringed. Enforcing our rights to our technology could be costly, time-consuming and distracting. Any significant failure or inability to adequately protect our proprietary assets will harm our business and reduce our ability to compete.

We are dependent on our executive officers and our specialized workforce, and the loss of any key member of this team may compromise our ability to manage our business and pursue our growth strategy successfully.

Our future performance depends largely on the continuing service of our executive officers, senior management team and programming personnel, in particular, Colin Campbell, William Campbell, Peter Kostandenou, Michael Mugan, Paul Engels and Dirk Bhagat. While certain members of our management team, including the key employees referred to in the preceding sentence, have
 employment agreements with us, there can be no assurance that one or more of our key employees will not terminate their employment with us and go to work for a competitor after the expiration of any applicable non-compete period. The loss of one or more of our key employees could make it more difficult for us to advance our services and pursue our business goals, and could seriously harm our business. Our ability to recruit executive officers, senior management, programmers and other
 qualified personnel is crucial to our ability to develop market, sell and support our Web services. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to recruit qualified candidates and fill important roles within our organization in a timely manner.

Our growth will be adversely affected if we cannot successfully retain, hire, train and manage our key employees, particularly in the sales and customer service areas.

Our ability to successfully pursue our growth strategy will depend on our continued ability to attract, retain, and motivate key employees throughout our business. Some key employees throughout our organization may leave to work for a

21

competitor at any time. In particular, we are substantially dependent on our sales and customer service employees to obtain and service new customers and end-users. Competition for such personnel and others can be intense, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to attract, integrate or retain additional highly qualified personnel in the future. In addition, our ability to achieve significant
 growth in revenue will depend, in large part, on our success in effectively training sufficient personnel in these two areas. New hires require significant training before they achieve full productivity. Our recent and planned hires may not be as productive as we would like, and we may be unable to hire sufficient numbers of qualified individuals. If we are not successful in retaining our existing employees, or hiring, training and integrating new employees, or if our current or future
 employees perform poorly, growth in the sales of our services may not materialize and our business will suffer.

Changes in pricing of bandwidth could have an adverse effect on margins.

Bandwidth is the most significant element in our cost of sales. An increase in the price of bandwidth could have an adverse effect on gross margins since we may not be able to increase our prices to compensate. We believe that the ability to access bandwidth is more important than the price. We have therefore entered into arrangements with several bandwidth providers and have entered
 into long-term contracts with some of them. If the price of bandwidth were to decrease, our contractual commitment to pay higher prices would cause us to be less competitive and our business would suffer.

In addition, since we purchase additional bandwidth based on anticipated growth, our bandwidth expenses are sometimes larger than necessary for our existing needs. Larger than necessary bandwidth expenses will also increase relative to our needs if our projected growth is delayed or does not occur. This would cause us to be less competitive and less profitable as our costs would outpace
 our revenues.

If agreements with third party suppliers, including bandwidth and software suppliers, are terminated or materially altered, we may not be able to offer our Web services profitably.

We provide some of our Web services through arrangements with third parties, and our continued ability to obtain and provide these Web services is central to the success of our business. Examples of such services and their respective providers include, but are not limited to, certain software licenses from Microsoft Corporation, anti-virus software from Frisk Software International,
 e-commerce applications from eBay Inc. and Miva, Inc., and bandwidth and/or data center services from TELUS Communications Company and NAP of the Americas, Inc. Some of these agreements may be terminated on short notice and, if any of these third parties were to terminate their relationships with us or modify the economic terms of these arrangements, we could lose our ability to provide these Web services at a cost-effective price to our customers, which could cause our revenue to
 decline or our costs to increase.

We license third party software to deliver our Web services. In the event that any of these third party software suppliers dramatically alters the terms under which we are permitted to use its software, this may have a detrimental effect on our ability to deliver Web services to end-users. This will have a corresponding negative effect on our revenue and profitability.

We incorporate third party software as part of our Web services to the majority of our customers. Any radical change to the configuration, distribution or pricing of this third party software could negatively affect the profitability of providing these Web services.

Our Web services are dependent upon open source software which exposes us to uncertainty and potential liability.

We incorporate “open source” software components into our service offerings. These components are typically available without cost but are developed by third parties over whom we have no control. We have no assurance that these components do not infringe upon the intellectual property rights of others. We could be exposed to infringement claims and liability in connection
 with the use of these open source software components. The developers of open source software are under no obligation to maintain or update these software components, and we may be forced to replace these components with internally developed or commercially licensed software. Certain open source software licenses provide that any software that makes use of or incorporates components distributed under that license will itself become subject to the same general distribution rights and
 other terms of that license. As a result, there is a risk that third parties, including our competitors, could have the right to use and distribute certain elements of our Web services. Any disputes which result in a change in intellectual property rights for Linux could cause additional expenses or loss of revenue because our system relies heavily on Linux and Apache, which are currently open-source and free-of-charge.

22

Currency fluctuations may adversely affect our revenue and profitability.

We do not currently actively manage the United States – Canadian dollar exchange rate risk using financial instruments. We earn significant revenue and pay significant expenses in Canada while our financial statements are reported in U.S. dollars. Substantially all of our employees are located in Canada and are paid in Canadian dollars. Accordingly, if the Canadian dollar
 appreciates against the United States dollar our revenues and expenses, when translated into U.S. dollars, will rise more than if we transacted only in U.S. dollars. Conversely, if the Canadian dollar depreciates against the U.S. dollar our revenue and expenses will fall more that than if we transacted only in U.S. dollars.

The success of our business depends on the continued growth of the Internet as a business tool for small and medium-sized businesses.

Expansion in the sales of our Web services will depend on the continued acceptance of the Internet as a communications and commerce platform for small and medium-sized businesses. The use of the Internet as a business tool could be adversely affected by delays in the development or adoption of new standards and protocols to handle increased demands of Internet activity, security,
 reliability, cost, ease-of-use, accessibility, and quality of service. The performance of the Internet and its acceptance as a business tool has been harmed in the past by viruses, worms, and similar malicious programs, and the Internet has experienced a variety of outages and other delays as a result of damage to portions of its infrastructure. If for any reason the Internet does not remain a widespread communications medium and commercial platform, or businesses do not continue to
 become Internet- enabled and maintain an online presence, the demand by our customers for our services would be significantly reduced.

We could become subject to litigation regarding intellectual property brought by other parties, which could divert management’s attention, increase our legal expenses and prevent us from using or selling the challenged technology.

In recent years, there has been significant litigation in the United States involving patents and other intellectual property rights. This litigation is particularly prevalent in the technology industry. In addition, there has been an increase in the filing of suits alleging infringement of intellectual property rights. Regardless of the merits of these suits, many defendants are
 entering into settlement arrangements quickly to dispose of such suits and thus to avoid publicity and the costs of defending the suits. Other companies or individuals may pursue litigation against us with respect to intellectual property-based claims. The results of any litigation are inherently uncertain. As currently pending patent applications are not publicly available, we cannot anticipate all such claims or know with certainty whether our technology infringes the intellectual
 property rights of third parties. We expect that the number of infringement claims will increase as the number of services and competitors in our industry grows. In the event of an adverse result in any future litigation with respect to intellectual property rights relevant to our services, we could be required to:

 •

 Enter into royalty or licensing agreements with respect to the infringing technology, which might not be available on acceptable terms or at all;

 •

 Pay substantial damages under applicable law or expend significant resources to develop non-infringing technology; or

 •

 Cease the development, use and sale of services found to be infringing; or

Our insurance may not cover potential claims or may not be adequate to indemnify us for damages we incur. Also, litigation frequently involves substantial expenditures and can require significant management attention, even if we ultimately prevail. If a claim were made against us, regardless of the merits or success, our business could be adversely affected.

Governmental regulation involving the transmission of information over the Internet is evolving, and we may face liability in connection with the information that is transmitted using our Web services.

The legal framework that applies to the Internet is continually evolving. Laws have been, and likely will continue to be, enacted that address issues of privacy, security, pricing, taxation, quality and substance of services, and other issues. Because our Web services allow customers to transmit information over the Internet on their own websites, we may be found to be liable for any
 improper information that our end-users transmit. We may face liability for defamation, negligence, copyright, patent or trademark infringement, and other claims based on the nature and content of the materials being transmitted by way of our Web services. Although we retain discretion to cancel the Web services being provided to end-users if we learn such content is being transmitted, there can be no guarantee that our end-users will refrain from such transmission or that we will
 not be held responsible for the content being transmitted or hosted using our Web services or

23

 infrastructure. Government regulations also could affect the cost of communicating on the Internet and could negatively affect the demand for our Web services, and our business could thereby be harmed.

Any legislation making Web service providers specifically responsible for the content of end-users’ websites and e-mail messages located on their infrastructures could result in our responsibility for all content on our servers, as our customers would be using our infrastructure for providing services to their end-users. As our infrastructure contains content for all of our
 customers’ end-users, monitoring the content would represent an enormous and possibly untenable responsibility.

Any legislation of foreign jurisdictions restricting companies from making use of our Web services based on geographic location of data centers or original location of incorporation or any attempts to halt outsourcing in major markets will have an impact on our business and financial condition.

Governments may in the future levy taxes on Internet access and electronic commerce transactions, which could result in a decrease in the attractiveness of the Internet to our customers and potential customers, and could reduce demand for our Web services.

Various levels of government in the United States and Canada are grappling with the problem of how to charge income and use taxes on e-commerce transactions. There is no assurance that various levels of taxing authorities will not promulgate tax laws that could result in new forms of taxation of Internet access and electronic commerce transactions. An imposition of or increase in taxes
 may make electronic commerce transactions less attractive for merchants and businesses, which could result in a decrease in the level of demand for our services.

Our management has limited experience in managing and operating a public company. Any failure to comply or adequately comply with federal securities laws, rules or regulations could subject us to fines or regulatory actions, which may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

Although our present Chief Executive Officer, Mr. Colin Campbell, has extensive experience in technology companies, he has limited experience managing and operating a public company. In addition, the other members of our current senior management have only engaged in operating a private organization since 1999 and prior to it becoming a public company in November 2006. In this capacity
 they developed a general understanding of the administrative and regulatory environment in which public companies operate. However, our senior management lacks practical experience operating a public company and relies in many instances on the professional experience and advice of third parties including its consultants, attorneys and accountants. Failure to comply or adequately comply with any laws, rules, or regulations applicable to our business may result in fines or regulatory
 actions, which may materially adversely affect our business, results of operation, or financial condition.

Our former Chairman controls a significant portion of our outstanding common stock and he has indicted his intentions to reduce his holdings which could cause our share price to decline..

As of March 31, 2008, Mr. John Nemanic, our former Chairman, beneficially owned approximately 11.2% of Hostopia common stock compared to 13.3% as of March 31, 2007. Mr. Nemanic has indicated he intends to sell a portion or all of his holdings which may depress the price of our shares.

Limited liquidity in our common shares could result in a lower price

Our shares have been listed for trading on the TSX since November 10, 2006. The volume of trading has been limited, generally to less than 5,000 shares per day. Accordingly, there is risk that should a large number of investors or an investor with a large number of shares decide to sell, the price of our shares may be adversely affected.

We are exposed to potential risks from recent legislation requiring public companies to evaluate controls under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

We are subject to various regulatory requirements, including Section 302 and Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. We are a non-accelerated filer and consequently have not as yet been required to have our systems of internal control attested to by our auditors. If we become an accelerated filer during this fiscal year we will be required at March 31, 2009 to have our external
 auditors report on the effectiveness of our internal controls. We expect to devote the necessary resources, including additional internal and supplemental external resources, to support our external auditors assessment. If, in the future, we identify one or more material weaknesses, or our external auditors are unable to express an opinion on the effectiveness of our internal controls, this could result in a loss of investor confidence in our financial reports or jeopardize

24

our listing on the TSX and have an adverse effect on our stock price and/or subject us to sanctions or investigation by regulatory authorities.

We are exposed to credit risk in respect of our short term investment in money market funds.

At March 31, 2008, we had a total of $23.6 million invested in two AAA rated money market funds. Approximately $15.5 million was invested is in a money market fund with that had an approximate 0.5% exposure to structured investment vehicles (“SIVs”).The remaining $8.1million was invested in a fund that had no exposure to SIVs. While these funds are AAA rated, as these funds
 are not insured by the FDIC or any other agency, they accordingly involve investment risk, including the possible loss of principal amount invested.