Our operating results and financial condition have varied in the past and could in the future vary significantly depending on a number of factors. From time to time, information provided by us or
statements made by our employees contain “forward-looking” information that involves risks and uncertainties. In particular, statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, and in the
documents incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, that are not historical facts, including, but not limited to, statements concerning new products, development and offerings of
products and services, including our Desktop Solutions, Online Services and Datacenter and Cloud Solutions, market positioning, Citrix Ready, FlexCast, our Partner Network, Product Licenses, License Updates, Technical Services, financial information
and results of operations for future periods, product and price competition, competition and strategy, employees, suppliers, contract manufacturers, product price and inventory, government regulation (including the FCC), seasonal factors, natural
disasters, stock-based compensation, licensing and subscription renewal programs, computer system enhancements, international operations and expansion, obsolete materials charges, valuations of investments and derivative instruments, technology
relationships, open source software, reinvestment or repatriation of foreign earnings, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, contractual obligations, our Credit Facility, tax rates and deductions, tax liabilities and benefits, transfer pricing,
the finalization of our tax settlement and written agreement with the IRS, acquisitions, including Netviewer, XenSource and Vapps, the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s authoritative guidance, leasing activities and obligations, stock
repurchases, investment transactions (including our investment in bonds issued by AIG Matched Funding Corporation (the “AIG Capped Floater”), changes in domestic and foreign economic conditions and credit markets, restructuring activities
(including our 2009 Strategic Restructuring Program), delays or reductions in technology purchases, acquired in-process technology, liquidity, litigation matters, intellectual property matters, distribution channels, stock price, payment of
dividends, Advisor Rewards program, price protection rights, proprietary technology, security measures, third party licenses, and potential debt or equity financings constitute forward-looking statements and are made under the safe harbor provisions
of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees. Our actual results of operations and financial condition
have varied and could in the future vary materially from those stated in any forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2010, in the documents incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or presented elsewhere by our management from time to time. Such factors, among others, could
have a material adverse effect upon our business, results of operations and financial condition. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which only speak as of the date made. We undertake no obligation to
update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made. 

Adverse changes
in general economic conditions in any of the major countries in which we do business, particularly in the United States and Europe, could adversely affect our operating results. 

As a global company, we are subject to the risks arising from adverse changes in global economic and market conditions. The worldwide
economy underwent unprecedented turmoil in 2008 and 2009 amid stock market volatility, difficulties in the financial services sector, tightening of the credit markets, softness in the housing markets, concerns of inflation and deflation, reduced
corporate 

12 

Table of Contents

profits and capital spending, and economic uncertainties. The continuing uncertainty about future economic conditions in European markets could negatively impact our current and prospective
customers and result in delays or reductions in technology purchases. As a result, we could experience fewer orders, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition, any of which could materially and
adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Adverse economic conditions also may negatively impact our ability to obtain payment for outstanding debts owed to us by our customers or other parties with whom we do
business. 

Our business could be adversely impacted by conditions affecting the information technology market. 

The demand for our products and services depends substantially upon the general demand for business-related computer appliances and
software, which fluctuates based on numerous factors, including capital spending levels, the spending levels and growth of our current and prospective customers, and general economic conditions. Fluctuations in the demand for our products and
services could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, the purchase of our products is often discretionary and may involve a significant commitment of capital and other resources.
Future economic projections for the information technology sector are uncertain as companies continue to reassess their spending for technology projects. In the past, adverse economic conditions decreased demand for our products and negatively
impacted our financial results. If an uncertain environment for information technology spending continues, it could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our long sales cycle for Desktop Solutions sales could cause significant variability in our revenue and operating results for any particular
period. 

In recent quarters, a growing number of our large and medium-sized customers have decided to implement our
Desktop Solutions on a departmental or enterprise-wide basis. Our long sales cycle for these large-scale deployments makes it difficult to predict when these sales will occur, and we may not be able to sustain these sales on a predictable basis.

We have a long sales cycle for these enterprise-wide sales because: 

•

 our sales force generally needs to explain and demonstrate the benefits of a large-scale deployment of our product to potential and existing customers
prior to sale; 

•

 our service personnel typically spend a significant amount of time assisting potential customers in their testing and evaluation of our products and
services; 

•

 our customers are typically large and medium size organizations that carefully research their technology needs and the many potential projects prior to
making capital expenditures for software infrastructure; and 

•

 before making a purchase, our potential customers usually must get approvals from various levels of decision makers within their organizations, and
this process can be lengthy. 

The continued long sales cycle for these large-scale deployment sales could
make it difficult to predict the quarter in which sales will occur. Delays in sales could cause significant variability in our revenue and operating results for any particular period. In addition, large projects with significant IT components may
fail to meet our customers’ business requirements or be canceled before delivery, which likewise could adversely affect our revenue and operating results for any particular period. 

We face intense competition, which could result in fewer customer orders and reduced revenues and margins. 

We sell our products in intensely competitive markets. Some of our competitors and potential competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, sales and marketing and other resources than we
do. For example, our ability to market our Desktop Solutions, including XenDesktop, XenApp, and other future product offerings and upgrades, could be affected by Microsoft’s licensing and pricing scheme for client devices, servers and
applications. Further, the announcement of the release, and the actual release, of new Windows-based server operating systems or products incorporating similar features to our products could cause our existing and potential customers to postpone or
cancel plans to license certain of our existing and future product and service offerings. In addition, alternative products for application delivery directly and indirectly compete with our current product lines and our online services. 

Existing or new products and services that provide alternatives to our products and services, including those relating to Desktop
Solutions, Datacenter and Cloud Solutions and Online Services, including virtual desktop delivery, web collaboration, IP telephony, remote support, application performance monitoring, branch office application delivery and WAN optimization, and
secure sockets layers/virtual private networks, could materially impact our ability to compete in these markets. 

Our current
principal competitors in these markets include Microsoft, Cisco, including Cisco’s WebEx division, F5, Juniper, Riverbed, VMware, Blue Coat and LogMeIn. For further discussion of the competitive environment for our products, see the section
entitled “Competition” in Part 1—Item 1. 

13 

Table of Contents

As the markets for our products and services continue to develop, additional companies,
including companies with significant market presence in the computer appliances, software and networking industries, could enter the markets in which we compete and further intensify competition. In addition, we believe price competition could
become a more significant competitive factor in the future. As a result, we may not be able to maintain our historic prices and margins, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Industry consolidation may result in increased competition. 

Some of our competitors have made acquisitions or entered into partnerships or other strategic relationships to offer a more comprehensive virtualization solution than they individually had previously
offered. Additionally, information technology companies are increasingly seeking to deliver comprehensive IT solutions to end users that combine enterprise-level hardware and software solutions that may compete with our virtualization and web
collaboration solutions. We expect these trends to continue as IT companies attempt to strengthen or maintain their market positions in the evolving virtualization, enterprise infrastructure and web collaboration markets. Many of the
companies that are the likely consolidators in our markets have significantly greater financial, technical and other resources than we do and may be better positioned to acquire and offer complementary products and services. The companies resulting
from these possible combinations may create more compelling product and service offerings and be able to offer greater pricing flexibility or sales and marketing support for such offerings than we can. These heightened competitive pressures
could result in a loss of customers or a reduction in our revenues or revenue growth rates, all of which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If we lose key personnel or cannot hire enough qualified employees in certain areas of our business, our ability to manage our business could be
adversely affected. 

Our success depends, in large part, upon the services of a number of key employees in certain
areas of our business. Except for certain key employees of acquired businesses, we do not have long-term employment agreements with any of our key personnel. Any officer or employee can terminate his or her relationship with us at any time. The
effective management of our growth, if any, could depend upon our ability to retain our highly-skilled managerial, technical, sales and services, finance and marketing personnel in certain areas of our business. If any of those employees leave, we
will need to attract and retain replacements for them. We also may need to add key personnel in the future, including in certain key areas of our business. The market for these qualified employees is competitive. We could find it difficult to
successfully attract, assimilate or retain sufficiently qualified personnel in sufficient numbers. Furthermore, we may hire key personnel in connection with our future acquisitions; however, any of these employees will be able to terminate his or
her relationship with us at any time. If we cannot retain and add the necessary staff and resources for these acquired businesses, our ability to develop acquired products, markets and customers could be adversely affected. Also, we may need to hire
additional personnel to develop new products, product enhancements and technologies. If we cannot add the necessary staff and resources, our ability to develop future enhancements and features to our existing or future products could be delayed. Any
delays could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our Datacenter and Cloud
Solutions initiatives present execution and competitive risks. 

In 2010, we announced new products and technology
initiatives which aim to leverage our virtualization infrastructure software products into the emerging area of cloud computing. For example, our Citrix OpenCloud initiative offers solutions to help our customers easily and quickly move or extend
key datacenter workloads to the cloud for increased availability and flexibility. These initiatives present new and difficult technology challenges. Our customers may choose not to adopt our new products or services, and we may be subject to claims
if customers of these offerings experience service disruptions or failures, security breaches or other quality issues. Further, the success of these new offerings depends upon the cooperation of third party hardware, software and cloud hosting
vendors to provide interoperability with our products and services and to offer compatible products and services to end users. 

Since the cloud computing market is in the early stages of development, we expect other companies to enter this market and to introduce
their own initiatives that may compete with, or not be compatible with, our cloud initiatives. These competitive initiatives could limit the degree to which other vendors develop products and services around our offerings. Additionally, our
operating margins in our new initiatives may be lower than those we have achieved in our more mature product markets, and our new initiatives may not generate sufficient revenue to recoup our investments in them. If any of these events were to
occur, it could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Sales of our Desktop Solutions constitute
a majority of our revenue and decreases in demand for our Desktop Solutions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We anticipate that sales of our Desktop Solutions and related enhancements and upgrades will constitute a majority of our revenue for the foreseeable future. Our ability to continue to generate revenue
from our Desktop Solutions will depend on market 

14 

Table of Contents

acceptance of Windows Server Operating Systems. Declines and variability in demand for our Desktop Solutions could occur as a result of: 

•

 new competitive product releases and updates to existing products; 

•

 termination of our product offerings and enhancements; 

•

 potential market saturation; 

•

 technological change; 

•

 general economic conditions; or 

•

 lack of success of entities with which we have a technology relationship. 

If our customers do not continue to purchase our Desktop Solutions as a result of these or other factors, our revenue would decrease and
our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. In addition, modification or termination of certain of our Desktop Solutions may cause variability in our revenue and make it difficult to predict our revenue growth and
trends in our Desktop Solutions as our customers adjust their purchasing decisions in response to such events. 

Our XenDesktop products
are based on an emerging technology platform, and the market for this line of products remains uncertain, which could result in slower revenue growth than currently expected. 

Our XenDesktop products and services are based on an emerging technology platform, the success of which will depend on organizations and
customers perceiving technological and operational benefits and cost savings associated with adopting desktop virtualization solutions. The limited extent to which XenDesktop has been adopted in the market may make it difficult to evaluate this
product’s potential impact on our business because the market for our XenDesktop products remains uncertain. For example, our primary competition in desktop virtualization is the existing IT practice of managing physical desktops as a device.
To some extent, the success of our XenDesktop product will depend on IT executives rethinking how desktops can be delivered as a service rather than viewing desktops as a device. To the extent that the adoption of desktop virtualization solutions
occur more slowly or less comprehensively than we expect, the revenue growth associated with our XenDesktop products may be slower than currently expected, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition.

If we do not develop new products and services or enhancements to our existing products and services, our business, results of
operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

The markets for our products and services are
characterized by: 

•

 rapid technological change; 

•

 evolving industry standards; 

•

 fluctuations in customer demand; 

•

 changes in customer requirements; and 

•

 frequent new product and service introductions and enhancements. 

Our future success depends on our ability to continually enhance our current products and services and develop and introduce new products
and services that our customers choose to buy. If we are unable to keep pace with technological developments and customer demands by introducing new products and services and enhancements, our business, results of operations and financial condition
could be adversely affected. Our future success could be hindered by: 

•

 delays in our introduction of new products and services; 

•

 delays in market acceptance of new products and services or new releases of our current products and services; and 

•

 our, or a competitor’s, announcement of new product or service enhancements or technologies that could replace or shorten the life cycle of our
existing product and service offerings. 

In order for a number of our products to succeed in the future, we
believe the demand for technology will need to shift from the types of products and services we and our competitors have sold in the past to a new generation of products we now offer. For example, we cannot guarantee that our Desktop Solutions,
Online Services and Datacenter and Cloud Solutions will achieve the broad market acceptance by our channel partners and entities with which we have a technology relationship, customers and prospective customers necessary to generate significant
revenue. In addition, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to respond effectively to technological changes or new product announcements by others. If we experience material delays or sales shortfalls with respect to our new products and services
or new releases of our current products and services, those delays or shortfalls could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

15 

Table of Contents

We believe that we could incur additional development costs, acquisition costs and royalties
as we develop, buy or license new technologies or enhancements to our existing products and services. These added costs and royalties could increase our cost of revenues and operating expenses. However, we cannot currently quantify the costs for
transactions that have not yet occurred. In addition, we may need to use a significant portion of our cash and investments to fund acquisition costs. 

If we fail to manage our operations and grow revenue, our future operating results could be adversely affected. 

Historically, the scope of our operations, the number of our employees and the geographic area of our operations and our revenue have grown rapidly. In addition, we have acquired both domestic and
international companies. This growth and the assimilation of acquired operations and their employees could continue to place a significant strain on our managerial, operational and financial resources. We need to continue to implement and improve
additional management and financial systems and controls. We may not be able to manage the current scope of our operations or future growth effectively and still exploit market opportunities for our products and services in a timely and
cost-effective way. Our future operating results could also depend on our ability to manage: 

•

 our expanding product lines; 

•

 our marketing and sales organizations; and 

•

 our client support organization to the extent required for any increase in installations of our products. 

During the past two years, a large portion of our growth has been attributable to the growth of our Desktop Solutions, as well as growth
in our Online Services and the application networking products in our Datacenter and Cloud product portfolio. We cannot provide any assurance that these markets and the revenues we derive from these markets will continue to grow or that we will
realize the benefits of our Netviewer acquisition. In addition, over the last five years we have grown our force of sales professionals that work closely with partners to sell to primary information technology, or IT, buyers strategic IT executives,
desktop operations managers, IT infrastructure managers, network architects and server operations managers, to address the multiple selling and buying opportunities presented by our expanded product lines. These and other account penetration efforts
are part of our strategy to increase the usage of our products within our customer’s IT organizations. We cannot provide any assurance that this strategy will be successful or that the release of our application delivery infrastructure products
or other new products or services will sustain or increase our revenue growth rate. 

We may be unable to effectively control our
operating expenses, which could negatively impact our profitability. 

Although we endeavor to effectively control our
operating expenses, these expenses, which are based on estimated revenue levels, are relatively fixed in the short term. We cannot assure you that our operating expenses will be lower than our estimated or actual revenues in any given quarter or
that we will not incur unanticipated expenses. If we experience a shortfall in revenue in any given quarter or if we incur material unanticipated expenses, we likely will not be able to further reduce operating expenses quickly in response. Any
significant shortfall in revenue or the incurrence of material unanticipated expenses could immediately and adversely affect our results of operations for that quarter. Also, due to the fixed nature of many of our expenses and the challenges for
revenue growth in the current environment, our income from operations and cash flows from operating and investing activities could be lower than in recent years. 

In addition, to the extent our revenue grows, if at all, we believe that our cost of revenues and certain operating expenses could also increase. We believe that we could incur additional costs, including
royalties, as we develop, license or buy new technologies or enhancements to our existing products and services. These added costs and royalties could increase our cost of revenues and operating expenses and lower our gross margins. However, we
cannot currently quantify the costs for such transactions that have not yet occurred or of these developing trends in our business. In addition, we may need to use a substantial portion of our cash and investments or issue additional shares of our
common stock to fund these additional costs. 

Acquisitions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals
we anticipate at the time of an acquisition. 

Our growth is dependent upon market growth, our ability to enhance
existing products and services, and our ability to introduce new products and services on a timely basis. We intend to continue to address the need to develop new products and services and enhance existing products and services through acquisitions
of other companies, product lines and/or technologies. However, acquisitions, including those of high-technology companies, are inherently risky. We cannot provide any assurance that any of our previous acquisitions, including our acquisition of
Netviewer and our other acquisitions over the past three years, or future acquisitions will be successful in helping us reach our financial and strategic goals either for that acquisition or for us generally or that the combined company resulting
from any acquisition will continue to support the growth achieved by the companies separately. 

The risks we commonly
encounter in managing and integrating acquisitions are: 

•

 difficulties and delays integrating the operations, technologies, and products of the acquired companies; 

16 

Table of Contents

•

 undetected errors or unauthorized use of a third-party’s code in products of the acquired companies; 

•

 the diversion of management’s attention from normal daily operations of the business; 

•

 potential difficulties in completing projects associated with purchased in-process research and development; 

•

 entry into markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and where competitors have stronger market positions and which are highly
competitive; 

•

 the potential loss of key employees of the acquired company; and 

•

 an uncertain revenue and earnings stream from the acquired company, which could unexpectedly dilute our earnings. 

Our failure to manage growth effectively and successfully integrate acquired companies due to these or other factors could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The financial and strategic benefits we
anticipate from acquiring Netviewer may not be realized. 

We acquired Netviewer with the expectation that the
acquisition will result in various benefits, including, among other things, enhanced revenue and profits, greater market presence and development, and enhancements to our customer base. We expect that the acquisition will expand our SaaS presence in
the European markets. We may not realize any of these benefits. In addition, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of our acquisition of Netviewer as rapidly as, or to the extent, anticipated by our management and certain financial or industry
analysts, and others may not perceive the same benefits of the acquisition as we do. For example, Netviewer’s contribution to our financial results may not meet the current expectations of our management for a number of reasons, including the
integration risks described above, and could dilute our profits beyond the current expectations of our management. Operations and costs incurred and potential liabilities assumed in connection with our acquisition of Netviewer also could have an
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. If these risks materialize, our stock price could be materially adversely affected. 

Attractive acquisition opportunities may not be available to us, which could negatively affect the growth of our business. 

Our business strategy includes the selective acquisition of businesses and technologies, such as our acquisition of Netviewer in the first
quarter of 2011. We plan to continue to seek opportunities to expand our product portfolio, customer base, technology, and technical talent through acquisitions. However, we may not have the opportunity to make suitable acquisitions on favorable
terms in the future, which could negatively impact the growth of our business. We expect that other companies in our industry will compete with us to acquire compatible businesses. This competition could increase prices for businesses and
technologies that we would likely pursue, and our competitors may have greater resources than we do to complete these acquisitions. 

If
we determine that any of our goodwill or intangible assets, including technology purchased in acquisitions, are impaired, we would be required to take a charge to earnings, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.

We have a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets, such as product related intangible assets,
related to our acquisitions. We recorded significant additional goodwill and other intangible asset amounts in connection with the acquisition of XenSource in 2007. We do not amortize goodwill and intangible assets that are deemed to have indefinite
lives. However, we do amortize certain product related technologies, trademarks, patents and other intangibles and we periodically evaluate them for impairment. We review goodwill for impairment annually, or sooner if events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount could exceed fair value, at the reporting unit level, which for us, also represents our operating segments. As of December 31, 2010, we had $921.1 million of goodwill. Fair values are based on
discounted cash flows using a discount rate determined by our management to be consistent with industry discount rates and the risks inherent in our current business model. Due to uncertain market conditions and potential changes in our strategy and
product portfolio, it is possible that the forecasts we use to support our goodwill and other intangible assets could change in the future, which could result in non-cash charges that would adversely affect our results of operations and financial
condition. 

Furthermore, impairment testing requires significant judgment, including the identification of reporting units
based on our internal reporting structure that reflects the way we manage our business and operations and to which our goodwill and intangible assets would be assigned. Significant judgments are required to estimate the fair value of our goodwill
and intangible assets, including estimating future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates, estimating the applicable tax rates, foreign exchange rates and interest rates, projecting the future industry trends and market conditions, and
making other assumptions. Changes in these estimates and assumptions, including changes in our reporting structure, could materially affect our determinations of fair value. 

We recorded approximately $57.5 million of goodwill and intangible assets in connection with our acquisitions in the three years ended December 31, 2010. If the actual revenues and operating profit
attributable to acquired intangible assets are less than the projections we used to initially value these intangible assets when we acquired them, then these intangible assets may be deemed to be impaired. If we determine that any of the goodwill or
other intangible assets associated with our acquisitions is impaired, then we 

17 

Table of Contents

would be required to reduce the value of those assets or to write them off completely by taking a charge to current earnings. If we are required to write down or write off all or a portion of
those assets, or if financial analysts or investors believe we may need to take such action in the future, our stock price and operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 

At December 31, 2010, we had $178.1 million of unamortized intangibles, which include product related technology we purchased in
acquisitions or under third-party licenses. These intangibles are primarily associated with our Datacenter and Cloud Solutions. However, our value added resellers, or VADs, and entities with which we have technology relationships, customers or
prospective customers may not purchase or widely accept our new products. If we fail to complete the development of our anticipated future product and service offerings, including product offerings acquired through our acquisitions, if we fail to
complete them in a timely manner, or if we are unsuccessful in selling any new lines of products, appliances and services, we could determine that the value of the purchased technology is impaired in whole or in part and take a charge to earnings.
We could also incur additional charges in later periods to reflect costs associated with completing those projects that could not be completed in a timely manner. An impairment charge could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations. If the actual revenues and operating profit attributable to acquired product and core technologies are less than the projections we used to initially value product and core technologies when we acquired them, such intangible assets may
be deemed to be impaired. If we determine that any of our intangible assets are impaired, we would be required to take a related charge to earnings that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to expand and diversify our distribution channels. 

We currently intend to continue to expand our distribution channels by leveraging our relationships with independent hardware and software
vendors and system integrators to encourage them to recommend or distribute our products. In addition, an integral part of our strategy is to diversify our base of channel relationships by adding and training more channel members with abilities to
reach larger enterprise customers and to sell our newer products. This strategy will require additional resources, as we will need to expand our internal sales and service coverage of these customers. If we fail in these efforts and cannot expand,
train or diversify our distribution channels, our business could be adversely affected. In addition to this diversification of our base, we will need to maintain a healthy mix of channel members who cater to smaller customers. We may need to add and
remove distribution members to maintain customer satisfaction and a steady adoption rate of our products, which could increase our operating expenses. Through our Citrix Partner Network and other programs, we are currently investing, and intend to
continue to invest, significant resources to develop these channels, which could reduce our profits. 

Our investment portfolio has been
subject to impairment charges due to the financial crisis of 2008 in the capital markets and may be adversely impacted by volatility in the capital markets. 

Our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2010 primarily consisted of agency securities, corporate securities, government securities, commercial paper and municipal securities. As a result of
adverse financial market conditions in 2008 and 2009, investments in some financial instruments posed risks arising from liquidity and credit concerns. Future adverse market conditions and volatility could create similar risks for investments in
financial instruments. Although we follow an established investment policy and seek to minimize the credit risk associated with investments by investing primarily in investment grade, highly liquid securities and by limiting exposure to any one
issuer depending on credit quality, we cannot give any assurances that the assets in our investment portfolio will not lose value, become impaired, or suffer from illiquidity. 

We may be required to record impairment charges for other-than-temporary declines in fair market value in our available-for-sale investments, including our investment issued by AIG Matched Funding
Corporation, or the AIG Capped Floater. Future market conditions and volatility could lead to additional impairment charges, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Moreover, fluctuations in economic and market conditions could
adversely affect the market value of our investments, and we could lose some of the principal value of our investment portfolio. A total loss of an investment, dependent on an individual security’s par value, or a significant decline in the
value of our investment portfolio could adversely affect our financial condition. 

We could change our licensing programs or
subscription renewal programs, which could negatively impact the timing of our recognition of revenue. 

We continually
re-evaluate our licensing programs and subscription renewal programs, including specific license models, delivery methods, and terms and conditions, to market our current and future products and services. We could implement new licensing programs
and subscription renewal programs, including promotional trade-up programs or offering specified enhancements to our current and future product and service lines. Such changes could result in deferring revenue recognition until the specified
enhancement is delivered or at the end of the contract term as opposed to upon the initial shipment or licensing of our software product. We could implement different licensing models in certain circumstances, for which we would recognize licensing
fees over a longer period, including offering additional products in a software-as-a-service model. Changes to our licensing programs and subscription renewal programs, including the timing of the release of enhancements, upgrades, maintenance
releases, the term of the contract, discounts, promotions and other factors, could impact the timing of the recognition of revenue for our products, related enhancements and services and could adversely affect our operating results and financial
condition. 

18 

Table of Contents

Sales of our Subscription Advantage product constitute substantially all of our License Updates
revenue and a large portion of our deferred revenue. 

We anticipate that sales of our Subscription Advantage product
will continue to constitute a substantial portion of our License Updates revenue. Our ability to continue to generate both recognized and deferred revenue from our Subscription Advantage product will depend on our customers continuing to perceive
value in automatic delivery of our software upgrades and enhancements. A decrease in demand for our Subscription Advantage product could occur as a result of a decrease in demand for our Desktop Solutions and our Datacenter and Cloud Solutions. If
our customers do not continue to purchase our Subscription Advantage product, our License Updates revenue and deferred revenue would decrease significantly and our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected.

As our international sales and operations grow, we could become increasingly subject to additional risks that could harm our business.

We conduct significant sales and customer support, development and engineering operations in countries outside of the
United States. During the year ended December 31, 2010, we derived approximately 42.7% of our revenues from sales outside the United States. Our continued growth and profitability could require us to further expand our international operations.
To successfully expand international sales, we must establish additional foreign operations, hire additional personnel and recruit additional international resellers. In addition, there is significant competition for entry into high growth markets,
such as China. Our international operations are subject to a variety of risks, which could cause fluctuations in the results of our international operations. These risks include: 

•

 compliance with foreign regulatory and market requirements; 

•

 variability of foreign economic, political and labor conditions; 

•

 changing restrictions imposed by regulatory requirements, tariffs or other trade barriers or by U.S. export laws; 

•

 longer accounts receivable payment cycles; 

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences; 

•

 difficulties in protecting intellectual property; 

•

 burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws; and 

•

 as we generate cash flow in non-U.S. jurisdictions, if required, we may experience difficulty transferring such funds to the U.S. in a tax efficient
manner. 

Our results of operations are also subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. In
order to minimize the impact on our operating results, we generally initiate our hedging of currency exchange risks one year in advance of anticipated foreign currency expenses for those currencies to which we have the greatest exposure. When the
dollar is weak, foreign currency denominated expenses will be higher, and these higher expenses will be partially offset by the gains realized from our hedging contracts. If the dollar is strong, foreign currency denominated expenses will be lower.
These lower expenses will in turn be partially offset by the losses incurred from our hedging contracts. There is a risk that there will be fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates beyond the one year timeframe for which we hedge our risk.

Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and address these risks. We cannot guarantee that these or other
factors will not adversely affect our business or operating results. 

Unanticipated changes in our tax rates or our exposure to
additional income tax liabilities could affect our operating results and financial condition. 

Our future effective tax
rates could be favorably or unfavorably affected by unanticipated changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, the geographic mix of our revenue, or by changes in tax laws or their interpretation. Significant judgment is
required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by tax authorities, including the examination of our income tax returns for 2004 and 2005 by the
Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, which concluded during the third quarter of 2009. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no
assurance, however, that the outcomes from these continuous examinations will not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Additionally, due to the evolving nature of tax rules combined with the large number of
jurisdictions in which we operate, it is possible that our estimates of our tax liability and the realizability of our deferred tax assets could change in the future, which may result in additional tax liabilities and adversely affect our results of
operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

In June 2010, we reached a settlement in principle with the IRS regarding
previously disclosed income tax deficiencies asserted in a Revenue Agent’s Report issued by the IRS. The final settlement requires the finalization of tax deficiency calculations with the IRS and a written agreement signed by the IRS. It is
uncertain how long it will take to reach a final settlement with the IRS, and there 

19 

Table of Contents

can be no assurances that a final written agreement will be obtained or that this matter will otherwise be resolved in our favor. An adverse outcome of this matter could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

We have credit exposure to our hedging counterparties, which could result
in our failure to recover anticipated net gains from hedging transactions. 

In order to minimize volatility in earnings
associated with fluctuations in the value of foreign currency relative to the U.S. dollar, we use financial instruments to hedge our exposure to foreign currencies as we deem appropriate for a portion of our expenses which are denominated in the
local currency of our foreign subsidiaries. As a result of entering into these contracts with counterparties who are unrelated to us, the risk of a counterparty default exists in fulfilling the hedge contract. Should there be a counterparty default,
we could be unable to recover anticipated net gains from the transactions. 

Security vulnerabilities in our products could have a
material adverse impact on our results of operations. 

Maintaining the security of computing devices and networks is a
critical issue for us and our customers. We devote significant resources to address security vulnerabilities in our products and services through engineering more secure products and services, enhancing security and reliability features in our
products and services, deploying security updates to address security vulnerabilities and seeking to respond to known security incidents in sufficient time to minimize any potential adverse impact. The cost of these measures could reduce our
operating margins. Despite these efforts, actual or perceived security vulnerabilities in our products and systems may lead to claims against us and harm our reputation, and could lead some customers to seek to return products, to stop using certain
products or services, to reduce or delay future purchases of our products or services, or to use competing products or services. Customers may also increase their expenditures on protecting their existing computer systems from attack, which could
delay adoption of new technologies. Further, if our customers suffer any losses or are otherwise harmed in connection with a security incident related to our products or services, we could be subject to liability claims from our customers. Any of
these actions by customers could adversely impact our results of operations. 

Our efforts to protect our intellectual property may not
be successful, which could materially and adversely affect our business. 

We rely primarily on a combination of
copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our source code and other intellectual property. The loss of any material trade secret, trademark, tradename, patent or copyright
could have a material adverse effect on our business. Despite our precautions, it could be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy, disclose or reverse engineer certain portions of our products or to otherwise obtain and use our proprietary
source code, in which case we could potentially lose future trade secret protection for that source code. If we cannot protect our proprietary source code against unauthorized copying, disclosure or use, unauthorized third parties could develop
products similar to or better than ours. 

Any patents owned by us also could be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. Any
of our pending or future patent applications, whether or not being currently challenged, may not be issued with the scope we seek, if at all; and if issued, may not provide any meaningful protection or competitive advantage. 

In addition, our ability to protect our proprietary rights could be affected by differences in international law and the enforceability
of licenses. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect our intellectual property to the same extent as do the laws of the United States and Canada. For example, we derive a significant portion of our sales from licensing our products under
“click-to-accept” license agreements that are not signed by licensees and electronic enterprise customer licensing arrangements that are delivered electronically, all of which could be unenforceable under the laws of many foreign
jurisdictions in which we license our products. 

Our products, including products obtained through acquisitions, could infringe
third-party intellectual property rights, which could result in material litigation costs. 

We are increasingly subject
to infringement claims and may in the future be subject to claims alleging the unauthorized use of a third-party’s code in our products. This may occur for a variety of reasons, including the expansion of our product lines, such as our
Datacenter and Cloud Solutions and our Online Services division products, through product development and acquisitions; an increase in patent infringement litigation commenced by non-practicing entities; the increase in the number of competitors in
our industry segments and the resulting increase in the number of related products and the overlap in the functionality of those products; and the unauthorized use of a third-party’s code in our product development process. Companies and
inventors are more frequently seeking to patent software despite recent developments in the law that may discourage or invalidate such patents. As a result, we could receive more patent infringement claims. Responding to any infringement claim,
regardless of its validity, could result in costly litigation costs, monetary damages or injunctive relief or require us to obtain a license to intellectual property rights of those third parties. Licenses may not be available on reasonable terms,
on terms compatible with the protection of our proprietary rights, or at all. In addition, attention to these claims could divert our management’s time and attention from developing our business. If a successful claim is made against us and we
fail to develop or license a substitute technology or negotiate a suitable settlement arrangement, our 

20 

Table of Contents

business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. In particular, a material adverse impact on our financial statements could occur in
the period in which the effect of an unfavorable final outcome becomes probable and reasonably estimable. 

Our use of “open
source” software could negatively impact our ability to sell our products and subject us to possible litigation. 

The products or technologies acquired, licensed or developed by us may incorporate so-called “open source” software, and we may
incorporate open source software into other products in the future. Such open source software is generally licensed by its authors or other third parties under open source licenses, including, for example, the GNU General Public License, the GNU
Lesser General Public License, “Apache-style” licenses, “Berkeley Software Distribution,” “BSD-style” licenses, and other open source licenses. We monitor our use of open source software in an effort to avoid subjecting
our products to conditions we do not intend. Although we believe that we have complied with our obligations under the various applicable licenses for open source software that we use such that we have not triggered any of these conditions, there is
little or no legal precedent governing the interpretation of many of the terms of these types of licenses. As a result, the potential impact of these terms on our business may result in unanticipated obligations regarding our products and
technologies, such as requirements that we offer our products that use the open source software for no cost, that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create based upon, incorporating or using the open source
software, and/or that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of the particular open source license. 

If an author or other third party that distributes open source software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of
one or more of these licenses, we could be required to incur significant legal expenses defending against such allegations. If our defenses were not successful, we could be subject to significant damages, enjoined from the distribution of our
products that contained the open source software, and required to comply with the terms of the applicable license, which could disrupt the distribution and sale of some of our products. In addition, if we combine our proprietary software with open
source software in an unintended manner, under some open source licenses we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software, which could substantially help our competitors develop products that are similar to or better than
ours. 

In addition to risks related to license requirements, usage of open source software can lead to greater risks than use
of third-party commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or assurance of title or controls on the origin of the software. 

If open source software programmers, many of whom we do not employ, do not continue to develop and enhance the open source Xen hypervisor, we may be unable to develop new XenServer products,
adequately enhance our existing XenServer products or meet customer requirements for innovation, quality and price of these Xen products. 

We rely to a significant degree on an informal community of independent open source software programmers to develop and enhance the Xen hypervisor. A relatively small group of software engineers, many of
whom are not employed by us, are primarily responsible for the development and evolution of the Xen hypervisor, which is the heart of the XenServer virtualization product. If these programmers fail to adequately further develop and enhance open
source technologies, we would have to rely on other parties to develop and enhance the Xen hypervisor or we would need to develop and enhance the Xen hypervisor with our own resources. We cannot predict whether further developments and enhancements
to these technologies would be available from reliable alternative sources. In either event, our development expenses could be increased and our product release and upgrade schedules could be delayed. Moreover, if third-party software programmers
fail to adequately further develop and enhance the Xen hypervisor, the development and adoption of this virtual server technology could be stifled and our products, including XenServer, could become less competitive. Delays in developing, completing
or shipping new or enhanced products could result in delayed or reduced revenue for those products and could also adversely affect customer acceptance of those offerings. 

Our inability to maintain or develop our strategic and technology relationships could adversely affect our business. 

Our business depends on strategic and technology relationships. We cannot assure you that those relationships will continue in the future. We rely on strategic or technology relationships with companies
such as Microsoft, Intel, Dell, Hewlett-Packard Company, Fujitsu Limited and others. We depend on the entities with which we have strategic or technology relationships to successfully test our products, to incorporate our technology into their
products and to market and sell those products. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our current strategic and technology relationships or to develop additional strategic and technology relationships. If the companies with which we
have strategic or technology relationships are unable to incorporate our technology into their products or to market or sell those products, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

21 

Table of Contents

If we lose access to third-party licenses, releases of our products could be delayed.

We believe that we will continue to rely, in part, on third-party licenses to enhance and differentiate our products.
Third-party licensing arrangements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including: 

•

 undetected errors or unauthorized use of another person’s code in the third party’s software; 

•

 disagreement over the scope of the license and other key terms, such as royalties payable; 

•

 infringement actions brought by third-party licensees; and 

•

 termination or expiration of the license. 

If we lose or are unable to maintain any of these third-party licenses or are required to modify software obtained under third-party licenses, it could delay the release of our products. Any delays could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our success depends on our ability to
attract and retain and further penetrate large enterprise customers. 

We must retain and continue to expand our ability
to reach and penetrate large enterprise customers by adding effective VADs and expanding our consulting services. Our inability to attract and retain large enterprise customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. Large enterprise customers usually request special pricing and purchase of multiple years of subscription and maintenance up-front and generally have longer sales cycles, which could negatively impact our
revenues. By allowing these customers to purchase multiple years of subscription or maintenance up-front and by granting special pricing, such as bundled pricing or discounts, to these large customers, we may have to defer recognition of some or all
of the revenue from such sales. This deferral could reduce our revenues and operating profits for a given reporting period. Additionally, as we attempt to attract and penetrate large enterprise customers, we may need to increase corporate branding
and marketing activities, which could increase our operating expenses. These efforts may not proportionally increase our operating revenues and could reduce our profits. 

We rely on indirect distribution channels and major distributors that we do not control. 

We rely significantly on independent distributors and resellers to market and distribute our products and appliances. For instance, one distributor, Ingram Micro, accounted for 17% of our net revenues in
2010. Our distributor arrangements with Ingram Micro consist of several non-exclusive, independently negotiated agreements with our subsidiaries, each of which cover different countries or regions. Moreover, no reseller accounted for over 10% of our
total net revenues in 2010. We do not control our distributors and resellers. Additionally, our distributors and resellers are not obligated to buy our products and could also represent other lines of products. We maintain and periodically revise
our sales incentive programs for our independent distributors and resellers, and such program revisions may adversely impact our results of operations. Some of our distributors and resellers maintain inventories of our packaged products for resale
to smaller end-users. If distributors and resellers reduce their inventory of our packaged products, our business could be adversely affected. Further, we could maintain individually significant accounts receivable balances with certain
distributors. The financial condition of our distributors could deteriorate and distributors could significantly delay or default on their payment obligations. Any significant delays, defaults or terminations could have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

For certain of our products we rely on third-party suppliers and contract
manufacturers, making us vulnerable to supply problems and price fluctuations. 

We rely on a number of third-party
suppliers, who provide hardware or hardware components for our products, and contract manufacturers. For example, the production, final test, warehousing and shipping for our Datacenter and Cloud Solutions, including our NetScaler products, Access
Gateway products and Citrix Repeater appliance products, are primarily performed by a third-party contract manufacturer. We do not typically have long-term supply agreements with our suppliers; and, in most cases, we purchase the products and
components on an as-needed purchase order basis. In some instances, such as with respect to our application networking products in our Datacenter and Cloud Solutions portfolio, we maintain internal manufacturing capabilities to supplement
third-party contract manufacturers and provide us with the flexibility needed to meet our product delivery requirements on sales orders on a limited basis. While we have not, to date, experienced any material difficulties or delays in the
manufacture and assembly of our products, our suppliers may encounter problems during manufacturing due to a variety of reasons, including failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, failure to comply with applicable regulations, equipment
malfunction and environmental factors, any of which could delay or impede their ability to meet our demand. Our reliance on these third-party suppliers and contract manufacturers subjects us to risks that could harm our business, including:

•

 our suppliers, especially new suppliers, may make errors in manufacturing components that could negatively affect the efficacy of our products or cause
delays in shipment; 

22 

Table of Contents

•

 our suppliers manufacture products for a range of customers, and fluctuations in demand for the products these suppliers manufacture for others may
affect their ability to deliver components and products to us in a timely manner; and 

•

 our suppliers may encounter financial hardships unrelated to our demand for components, which could inhibit their ability to fulfill our orders and
meet our requirements. 

There may be delays associated with establishing additional or replacement
suppliers, particularly for components that are available only from limited sources. Any interruption or delay in the supply of products or components, or our inability to obtain products or components from alternate sources at acceptable prices in
a timely manner, could impair our ability to meet the demand of our customers and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our products could contain errors that could delay the release of new products and may not be detected until after our products are shipped. 

Despite significant testing by us and by current and potential customers, our products, especially new products or releases or acquired
products, could contain errors. In some cases, these errors may not be discovered until after commercial shipments have been made. Errors in our products could delay the development or release of new products and could adversely affect market
acceptance of our products. Additionally, our products depend on third- party products, which could contain defects and could reduce the performance of our products or render them useless. Because our products are often used in mission-critical
applications, errors in our products or the products of third parties upon which our products rely could give rise to warranty or other claims by our customers, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

We may experience outages, data loss and disruptions of our Online Services division’s services.

The increasing user traffic and complexity of our Online Services division demands more computing power. We have spent
and expect to continue to spend substantial amounts to adequately resource our Online Services division’s data centers and to upgrade our technology and network infrastructure to handle the increased traffic of our Collaboration, IT Services,
and Access and Cloud services, including GoToMeeting, GoToAssist and GoToMyPC, and to introduce new services. Maintaining and expanding this infrastructure’s capacity and geographic footprint is expensive and complex. Inefficiencies or
operational failures, including temporary service outages and temporary or permanent loss of customer data, could diminish the perceived quality and reliability of our services, and result in liability claims by customers and other third parties,
damage to our reputation and loss of current and potential subscribers, any of which could significantly and adversely affect our financial condition and the operating results of our Online Services division. 

If our security measures are breached and unauthorized access is obtained to our Online Services division customers’ data, our services may be
perceived as not being secure and customers may curtail or stop using our service. 

Use of our Collaboration, IT
Services, and Access and Cloud services involves the storage and transmission of customers’ business and personally identifiable information, and security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation and possible
liability. If our security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and, as a result, someone obtains unauthorized access to one of our online customers’ personally identifiable data,
our reputation will be damaged, our business may suffer and we could incur significant liability. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against
a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. If any compromises of security were to occur, it could have the effect of substantially reducing the use of the Web for commerce and
communications. Anyone who circumvents our security measures could misappropriate credit card and other payment information, personally identifiable customer information or cause interruptions in our services or operations. Fines and liabilities can
be significant for breaches of payment card data. In the case of an actual breach of payment card data, we could incur potential fines at the discretion of the credit card companies. These fines could include penalties for all compromised account
numbers, the costs of any additional fraud detection activities required by the card associations, costs incurred by credit card issuers associated with the compromise and additional monitoring of systems for further fraudulent activity. A large
breach of payment card data could also put our ability to process credit card payments at risk. Computer viruses, software programs that disable or impair computers, have been and continue to be distributed and have rapidly spread over the Internet.
Computer viruses could be introduced into our systems or those of our vendors, which could disrupt our network or make it inaccessible to our Online Services division customers. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market
perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and we could lose sales and customers for our Online Services division, and in the case of an actual breach we could incur fines and other penalties under privacy and data
protection laws, which would significantly and adversely affect our financial condition and the operating results of our Online Services division. 

Evolving regulation of the Web may adversely affect our Online Services division. 

As Web commerce continues to evolve, increasing regulation by federal, state or foreign agencies becomes more likely. For example, we believe increased regulation is likely in the area of laws and
regulations applying to the solicitation, collection, 

23 

Table of Contents

processing or use of personal or consumer information. Additional regulation could impact our business through increased costs and restrictions on our ability to process and secure customer data.
In addition, taxation of services provided over the Web or other charges imposed by government agencies or by private organizations for accessing the Web may also be imposed. Any regulation imposing greater fees for Web use or restricting
information exchange over the Web could result in a decline in the use of the Web and the viability of Web-based services, which would significantly adversely affect our financial condition and the operating results for our Online Services division.

Regulation of audio services may adversely affect our Online Services division. 

In October 2008, our Online Services division acquired Vapps, Inc., or Vapps, a VoIP-based audio services company, to form our Citrix
Online Audio products and services. Certain of these products and services are subject to various regulatory requirements established by the Federal Communications Commission, or FCC. FCC regulation may delay or hinder our ability to develop
our services and products. The telecommunications industry is highly regulated in the U.S. at the federal, state and local levels. Various state and international authorities may also seek to regulate the products and services we provide or will
provide. The FCC and state regulatory authorities may address regulatory non-compliance with a variety of enforcement mechanisms, including fines, refund orders, injunctive relief, license conditions, and/or license revocation. The regulation of the
telecommunications industry is changing rapidly, and the regulatory environment varies substantially from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. There can be no assurance that future regulatory, judicial or legislative activities will not have a material
adverse effect on the business, and results of operations of our Online Services division. 

Natural disasters or other unanticipated
catastrophes that result in a disruption of our operations could negatively impact our results of operations. 

Our
worldwide operations are dependent on our network infrastructure, internal technology systems and website. Significant portions of our computer equipment, intellectual property resources and personnel, including critical resources dedicated to
research and development and administrative support functions are presently located at our corporate headquarters in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, an area of the country that is particularly prone to hurricanes, and at our various locations in
California, an area of the country that is particularly prone to earthquakes. We also have operations in various domestic and international locations that expose us to additional diverse risks. The occurrence of natural disasters, such as hurricanes
or earthquakes, or other unanticipated catastrophes, such as telecommunications failures, cyber-attacks, fires or terrorist attacks, at any of the locations in which we do business, could cause interruptions in our operations. For example,
hurricanes have passed through southern Florida causing extensive damage to the region. In addition, even in the absence of direct damage to our operations, large disasters, terrorist attacks or other casualty events could have a significant impact
on our partners’ and customers’ businesses, which in turn could result in a negative impact on our results of operations. Extensive or multiple disruptions in our operations, or our partners’ or customers’ businesses, due to
natural disasters or other unanticipated catastrophes could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

If we do not
generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future, we may not be able to fund our product development and acquisitions and fulfill our future obligations. 

Our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to fund our operations and product development, including the payment of cash consideration in acquisitions and the payment of our other
obligations, depends on a range of economic, competitive and business factors, many of which are outside our control. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or that we will be able to liquidate our
investments, repatriate cash and investments held in our overseas subsidiaries, sell assets or raise equity or debt financings when needed or desirable. An inability to fund our operations or fulfill outstanding obligations could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further information, please refer to “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital
Resources.” 

We have entered into a credit facility agreement that restricts our ability to conduct our business and failure to
comply with such agreement may have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity and financial position. 

We, along
with our subsidiary, Citrix Systems International GmbH, maintain a credit facility agreement that contains financial covenants tied to a maximum consolidated leverage ratio and minimum interest coverage, among other things. The credit facility
agreement also contains affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations related to our ability to incur future indebtedness, contingent obligations or liens, conduct certain mergers or acquisitions, make certain investments and loans,
alter our capital structure, sell stock or assets and pay dividends. If we fail to comply with these covenants or any other provision of the credit facility agreement, we may be in default under the credit facility agreement, and we cannot assure
you that we will be able to obtain the necessary waivers or amendments of such default. Upon an event of default under our credit facility agreement not otherwise amended or waived, the affected lenders could accelerate the repayment of any
outstanding principal and accrued interest on their outstanding loans and terminate their commitments to lend additional funds, which may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial position. 

24 

Table of Contents

Our stock price could be volatile, particularly during times of economic uncertainty and volatility in
domestic and international stock markets, and you could lose the value of your investment. 

Our stock price has been
volatile and has fluctuated significantly in the past. The trading price of our stock is likely to continue to be volatile and subject to fluctuations in the future. Your investment in our stock could lose some or all of its value. Some of the
factors that could significantly affect the market price of our stock include: 

•

 actual or anticipated variations in operating and financial results; 

•

 analyst reports or recommendations; 

•

 changes in interest rates; and 

•

 other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

The stock market in general, The NASDAQ Global Select Market, and the market for software companies and technology companies in
particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to operating performance. These forces reached unprecedented levels in the second half of 2008, resulting in the
bankruptcy or acquisition of, or government assistance to, several major domestic and international financial institutions and a material decline in economic conditions. In particular, the U.S. equity markets experienced significant price and volume
fluctuations that have affected the market prices of equity securities of many technology companies. During 2010, our stock price has experienced volatility, with the closing price of our common stock on The NASDAQ Global Select Market having ranged
from $41.15 on January 25, 2010 to $71.06 on September 28, 2010. These broad market and industry factors could materially and adversely affect the market price of our stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

Changes or modifications in financial accounting standards may have a material adverse impact on our reported results of operations or financial
condition. 

From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or FASB, either alone or jointly with the
International Accounting Standards Board, IASB, promulgates new accounting principles that could have a material adverse impact on our reported results of operations or financial condition. For example, in December 2007, the FASB issued
authoritative guidance on business combinations. The guidance requires, among other things, the expensing of direct transaction costs, including deal costs and restructuring costs as incurred and acquired in-process research and development, or
IPR&D, assets to be capitalized, certain contingent assets and liabilities to be recognized at fair value, and arrangements related to contingent merger consideration may be required to be measured at fair value until settled, with changes in
fair value recognized each period into earnings. Historically, we have been acquisitive; and if we continue to be so, the authoritative guidance could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financials, results of operations and cash
flows if we enter into any material business combinations. 

In addition, it is likely that, in the near future, the United
States will adopt International Financial Reporting Standards, IFRS, issued by the IASB. Future accounting standards that we are required to adopt will change the current accounting treatment that we apply to our financial statements. It is possible
that such changes may have a material adverse effect on our reported results of operations or financial condition. 

Our business is
subject to seasonal fluctuations that impact our quarterly results. 

Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations.
Historically, our net revenues have fluctuated quarterly and have generally been the highest in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year due to corporate calendar year-end spending trends. In addition, our European operations generally provide lower
revenues in the summer months because of the generally reduced level of economic activity in Europe during the summer. This seasonal factor also typically results in higher fourth quarter revenues. Quarterly results are also affected by the timing
of the release of new products and services. Because of the seasonality of our business, results for any quarter, especially our fourth quarter, are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. 

25 

Table of Contents