Our operating results and financial condition have varied in
the past and could in the future vary significantly depending on a number of factors. From time to time, information provided by us or statements made by our employees contain “forward-looking” information that involves risks and
uncertainties. In particular, statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, and in the documents incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2006, that are not historical facts, including, but not limited to statements concerning new products, product development and offerings, Application Networking, Application Virtualization, Subscription Advantage, Presentation Server, NetScaler,
Access Suite and Access Gateway, historical stock option granting practices, cash and non-cash charges, contingent liabilities related to Internal Revenue Code Section 409A, product and price competition, Citrix Online Division, competition and
strategy, customer diversification, product price and inventory, contingent consideration payments, deferred revenues, economic and market conditions, potential government regulation, seasonal factors, natural disasters, stock-based compensation,
licensing and subscription renewal programs, international operations and expansion, revenue recognition, profits, growth of revenues, composition of revenues, cost of revenues, operating expenses, sales, marketing and support expenses, general and
administrative expenses, research and development expenses, valuations of investments and derivative instruments, technology relationships, reinvestment or repatriation of foreign earnings, gross margins, amortization expense and intangible assets,
interest income, interest expense, impairment charges, anticipated operating and capital expenditure requirements, cash inflows, contractual obligations, our Credit Facility and Term Loan, in-process research and development, advertising campaigns,
tax rates and deductions, SFAS 123R, leasing and subleasing activities, acquisitions, and the closing of the XenSource acquisition, stock repurchases, investment transactions, liquidity, litigation matters, intellectual property matters,
distribution channels, stock price, payment of dividends, Advisor Rewards Program, third party licenses, closing the acquisition of XenSource and potential debt or equity financings constitute forward-looking statements and are made under the safe
harbor provisions of the Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees. Our actual results of operations and
financial condition have varied and could in the future vary significantly from those stated in any forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in
forward-looking statements made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, in the documents incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 or presented
elsewhere by our management from time to time. Such factors, among others, could have a material adverse effect upon our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Matters relating to or arising out of our historical stock option granting practices, including regulatory inquiries or proceedings, litigation matters and potential additional cash and non-cash charges, could
have a material adverse effect on us. 

As described in the Explanatory Note to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2006, Item 7. “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2006, in the fourth quarter of 2006, the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors commenced a voluntary, independent investigation of certain of our stock option granting practices and related accounting during the
period from January 1996 through December 2006. This investigation was conducted by the Audit Committee with the assistance of independent outside legal counsel and outside forensic accounting consultants. In addition, management further evaluated
all grants in December 1995, which was the month we completed our initial public offering, and all grants to non-employee directors. The Audit Committee and management completed its review in the second quarter of 2007. Based on the facts obtained
in connection with the Audit Committee’s and management’s review, we have concluded that stock options granted during the period from December 1995 to March 2005, were accounted for using incorrect measurement dates, which required a
restatement of our previously filed financial statements. 

To date, we have incurred significant expenses related to legal, accounting, tax
and other professional services in connection with the review of our historical stock option granting practices and the related restatements, and may incur significant expenses in the future with respect to such matters, including as a result of
regulatory inquiries or proceedings, litigation matters or additional cash and non-cash charges. The occurrence of any or all of these events, even if resolved favorably, may be time-consuming, expensive and disruptive to normal business operations,
and the outcomes of regulatory proceedings or litigation matters are difficult to predict and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

As a result of the review of our historical stock option granting practices and the associated restatements, we could not file our periodic reports with
the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC, on time and, as a result, faced the possibility that our stock would be delisted from The Nasdaq Global Select Market. With the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2006 and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2007 and June 30, 2007, we believe we have returned to full compliance with SEC reporting requirements and Nasdaq listing requirements and
expect that the 

9 

Table of Contents

Nasdaq delisting matter will be closed. If, however, the SEC has comments on this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, our
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2007 and June 30, 2007 or other reports that we have previously filed that require us to file amended reports, or if Nasdaq does not concur that we are in compliance with
applicable listing requirements, we may be unable to maintain an effective listing of our stock on a national securities exchange. If this happens, the price of our common stock and the ability of our stockholders to trade in our stock could be
adversely affected. In addition, we would be subject to a number of restrictions regarding the registration of our stock under federal securities laws, and we would not be able to issue stock options or other equity awards to our employees or allow
them to exercise outstanding options, which could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 

Additionally, as described in
the Explanatory Note to this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Part II Item 7 and in Note 2 to our
consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 in Part IV Item 15, after completion by the Audit Committee of its investigation of our historical stock option granting
practices and our review of the accounting treatment for our historical stock option grants, we recorded additional stock-based compensation expenses and related tax effects with regard to certain past stock option grants, and we restated previously
issued financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006. Although we believe we have made appropriate judgments in determining the financial and tax impacts of our historical stock option
granting practices and have consulted with the Office of the Chief Accountant of the SEC on certain interpretive matters, we cannot provide assurance that the SEC or the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, will agree with the manner in which we have
accounted for and reported, or not reported, the financial and tax impacts. Specifically, in light of the significant judgment used in establishing revised measurement dates, alternate approaches to those used by us could have resulted in different
compensation expense charges than those reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 and those differences could be considered material. We considered various alternative approaches and believe that the
approaches used by us were appropriate under the circumstances. For a complete discussion of the judgments underlying the revised measurement dates, see “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006. If the SEC or the IRS disagrees with our financial or tax adjustments and such disagreement results in material changes to our
historical financial statements, we may be required to further restate our prior financial statements, amend prior filings with the SEC or take other action that is not currently contemplated. In addition, other adjustments for non-operating cash
charges may be required in connection with the resolution of stock option related matters arising under any litigation or regulatory reviews commenced against us. 

Our long sales cycle for enterprise-wide sales could cause significant variability in our revenue and operating results for any particular period. 

In recent quarters, a growing number of our large and medium-sized customers have decided to implement our enterprise customer license arrangements on a departmental or enterprise-wide basis. Our long sales cycle for
these large-scale deployments makes it difficult to predict when these sales will occur, and we may not be able to sustain these sales on a predictable basis. 

We have a long sales cycle for these enterprise-wide sales because: 

•

 our sales force generally needs to explain and demonstrate the benefits of a large-scale deployment of our product to potential and existing customers prior to
sale; 

•

 our service personnel typically spend a significant amount of time assisting potential customers in their testing and evaluation of our products and services;

•

 our customers are typically large and medium size organizations that carefully research their technology needs and the many potential projects prior to making
capital expenditures for software infrastructure; and 

•

 before making a purchase, our potential customers usually must get approvals from various levels of decision makers within their organizations, and this process can
be lengthy. 

The continued long sales cycle for these large-scale deployment sales could make it difficult to predict the
quarter in which sales will occur. Delays in sales could cause significant variability in our revenue and operating results for any particular period. 

10 

Table of Contents

We face intense competition, which could result in fewer customer orders and reduced revenues and margins. 

We sell our products in intensely competitive markets. Some of our competitors and potential competitors have significantly greater
financial, technical, sales and marketing and other resources than we do. For example, our ability to market our Application Virtualization products, including Presentation Server, the Access Suite, Access Essentials, Password Manager and other
future product offerings, could be affected by Microsoft’s licensing and pricing scheme for client devices, servers and applications. Further, the announcement of the release, and the actual release, of new Windows-based server operating
systems or products incorporating similar features to our products could cause our existing and potential customers to postpone or cancel plans to license certain of our existing and future product and service offerings. 

In addition, alternative products for application delivery directly and indirectly compete with our current product lines and our online services.

Existing or new products and services that provide alternatives to our products and services, including those relating to application
virtualization, Web application optimization, application performance monitoring, branch office application delivery and WAN optimization, virtual desktop delivery, secure sockets layers/virtual private network, gateways, on-demand assistance,
online collaboration and IP telephony, can materially impact our ability to compete in these markets. Our current competitors in these markets include Adobe Systems, Inc., Cisco Systems, Inc, EMC Corporation, F5 Networks, Inc., Hewlett-Packard
Company, IBM Corporation, Juniper Networks, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, Oracle Corporation, Riverbed Technology, Inc., Sun Microsystems, Inc., VMware and WebEx Communications, Inc. 

As the markets for our products and services continue to develop, additional companies, including companies with significant market presence in the
computer appliances, software and networking industries, could enter the markets in which we compete and further intensify competition. In addition, we believe price competition could become a more significant competitive factor in the future. As a
result, we may not be able to maintain our historic prices and margins, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Sales of products within our Application Virtualization product line constitute a majority of our revenue and decreases in demand for our Application Virtualization products could adversely affect our results of operations and
financial condition. 

We anticipate that sales of products within our Application Virtualization product line and related
enhancements will constitute a majority of our revenue for the foreseeable future. Our ability to continue to generate revenue from our Application Virtualization products will depend on market acceptance of Windows Server Operating Systems and/or
UNIX Operating Systems. Declines and variability in demand for our Application Virtualization products could occur as a result of: 

•

 new competitive product releases and updates to existing products; 

•

 termination of our product offerings and enhancements; 

•

 potential market saturation; 

•

 technological change; 

•

 general economic conditions; or 

•

 lack of success of entities with which we have a technology relationship. 

If our customers do not continue to purchase our Application Virtualization products as a result of these or other factors, our revenue would decrease
and our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. In addition, modification or termination of certain of our Application Virtualization products may cause variability in our revenue and make it difficult to predict
our revenue growth and trends in our Application Virtualization products as our customers adjust their purchasing decisions in response to such events. 

If we do not develop new products and services or enhancements to our existing products and services, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

The markets for our products and services are characterized by: 

•

 rapid technological change; 

•

 evolving industry standards; 

•

 fluctuations in customer demand; 

•

 changes in customer requirements; and 

•

 frequent new product and service introductions and enhancements. 

11 

Table of Contents

Our future success depends on our ability to continually enhance our current products and services and
develop and introduce new products and services that our customers choose to buy. If we are unable to keep pace with technological developments and customer demands by introducing new products and services and enhancements, our business, results of
operations and financial condition could be adversely affected. Our future success could be hindered by: 

•

 delays in our introduction of new products and services; 

•

 delays in market acceptance of new products and services or new releases of our current products and services; and 

•

 our, or a competitor’s, announcement of new product or service enhancements or technologies that could replace or shorten the life cycle of our existing
product and service offerings. 

For example, we cannot guarantee that our Application Delivery Infrastructure products
will achieve the broad market acceptance by our channel and entities with which we have a technology relationship, customers and prospective customers necessary to generate significant revenue. In addition, we cannot guarantee that we will be able
to respond effectively to technological changes or new product announcements by others. If we experience material delays or sales shortfalls with respect to our new products and services or new releases of our current products and services, those
delays or shortfalls could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We believe that
we could incur additional costs and royalties as we develop, license or buy new technologies or enhancements to our existing products. These added costs and royalties could increase our cost of revenues and operating expenses. However, we cannot
currently quantify the costs for such transactions that have not yet occurred. In addition, we may need to use a substantial portion of our cash and investments to fund these additional costs. 

Our business could be adversely impacted by a failure to renew our agreements with Microsoft for source code access. 

In December 2004, we entered into a five year technology collaboration and licensing agreement with Microsoft Corporation and in September 2007, we
entered into a three year source code license with Microsoft Corporation for the general release version of Windows Server 2008. These arrangements include a new technology initiative for closer collaboration on terminal server functionality in
future server operating systems, continued access to source code for key components of Microsoft’s current and future server operating systems, and a patent cross-licensing agreement. The 2004 technology collaboration and licensing agreement
replaces the agreement we signed with Microsoft in May 2002 that provided us access to Microsoft Windows Server source code for current and future Microsoft server operating systems, including access to Windows Server 2003 and terminal services
source code. There can be no assurances that our current agreements with Microsoft will be extended or renewed by Microsoft after their respective expirations or that we will enter into new collaboration agreements with Microsoft with respect to
future product offerings and enhancements. In addition, Microsoft could terminate the current agreements before the expiration of the term for breach or upon a change of control. The early termination or the failure to renew certain terms of our
current agreements with Microsoft in a manner favorable to us, the failure to enter into new collaboration agreements with us or a strategic collaboration between Microsoft and our competitors could negatively impact the timing of our release of
future products and enhancements. 

If we lose key personnel or cannot hire enough qualified employees, our ability to manage our business could be
adversely affected. 

Our success depends, in large part, upon the services of a number of key employees. Except for certain key
employees of acquired businesses, we do not have long-term employment agreements with any of our key personnel. Any officer or employee can terminate his or her relationship with us at any time. The effective management of our growth, if any, could
depend upon our ability to retain our highly skilled technical, managerial, finance and marketing personnel. If any of those employees leave, we will need to attract and retain replacements for them. We may also need to add key personnel in the
future. The market for these qualified employees is competitive. We could find it difficult to successfully attract, assimilate or retain sufficiently qualified personnel in sufficient numbers. Furthermore, we may hire key personnel in connection
with our future acquisitions; however, any of these employees will be able to terminate his or her relationship with us at any time. If we cannot retain and add the necessary staff and resources for these acquired businesses, our ability to develop
acquired products, markets and customers could be adversely affected. Also, we may need to hire additional personnel to develop new products, product enhancements and technologies. If we cannot add the necessary staff and resources, our ability to
develop future enhancements and features to our existing or future products could be delayed. Any delays could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If we fail to manage our operations and grow revenue or fail to continue to effectively control expenses, our future operating results could be adversely affected.

Historically, the scope of our operations, the number of our employees and the geographic area of our operations and our revenue
have grown rapidly. In addition, we have acquired both domestic and international companies. This growth and the assimilation of acquired operations and their employees could continue to place a significant strain on our managerial, operational and
financial resources. To manage our current growth and any future growth effectively, we need to continue to implement and improve 

12 

Table of Contents

additional management and financial systems and controls. We may not be able to manage the current scope of our operations or future growth effectively and
still exploit market opportunities for our products and services in a timely and cost-effective way. Our future operating results could also depend on our ability to manage: 

•

 our expanding product lines; 

•

 our marketing and sales organizations; and 

•

 our client support organization as installations of our products increase. 

In addition, to the extent our revenue grows, if at all, we believe that our cost of revenues and certain operating expenses could also increase. We
believe that we could incur additional costs, including royalties, as we develop, license or buy new technologies or enhancements to our existing products and services. These added costs and royalties could increase our cost of revenues and
operating expenses and lower our gross margins. For example, due to our 2005 Acquisitions and 2006 Acquisitions and the anticipated growth of the acquired companies, we currently expect that our future revenue will include a greater level of revenue
from appliance sales as compared to our historical level of appliance sales, which we expect will reduce our gross margins from their historical levels. Furthermore, as our income from the 2005 Acquisitions and 2006 Acquisitions increases, we expect
that our effective tax rate may increase due to the taxable income from these acquisitions being earned primarily in our geographic locations that are taxed at a higher rate. However, we cannot currently quantify the costs for such transactions that
have not yet occurred or of these developing trends in our business. In addition, we may need to use a substantial portion of our cash and investments or issue additional shares of our common stock to fund these additional costs. 

During the past two years, a large portion of our growth has been attributable to the growth of our Application Virtualization products, as well as
growth in our Online Services and Application Networking products. We cannot provide any assurance that these markets and the revenues we derive from these markets will continue to grow. In addition, over the last four years, we have grown our force
of sales professionals that work closely with partners to sell to primary IT buyers, including Strategic IT Executives, Network Architects, IT Infrastructure Managers and Desktop Operations Managers, to address the multiple selling and buying
opportunities presented by our expanded product lines. These and other account penetration efforts are part of our strategy to increase the usage of our application delivery products within our customer’s IT organizations. We cannot provide any
assurance that this strategy will be successful or that the release of our application delivery infrastructure products or other new products or services will increase our revenue growth rate. 

We cannot assure you that our operating expenses will be lower than our estimated or actual revenues in any given quarter. If we experience a shortfall
in revenue in any given quarter, we likely will not be able to further reduce operating expenses quickly in response. Any significant shortfall in revenue could immediately and adversely affect our results of operations for that quarter. Also, due
to the fixed nature of many of our expenses and our current expectation for revenue growth, our income from operations and cash flows from operating and investing activities could be lower than in recent years. 

Acquisitions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals we anticipate at the time of an acquisition. 

Our growth is dependent upon market growth, our ability to enhance existing products and services, and our ability to introduce new products and services
on a timely basis. We intend to continue to address the need to develop new products and services and enhance existing products and services through acquisitions of other companies, product lines and/or technologies. However, acquisitions, including
those of high-technology companies, are inherently risky. We cannot provide any assurance that any of our previous acquisitions, including our acquisitions over the past three years, or future acquisitions will be successful in helping us reach our
financial and strategic goals either for that acquisition or for us generally or that the combined company resulting from any acquisition will continue to support the growth achieved by the companies separately. 

The risks we commonly encounter in managing and integrating acquisitions are: 

•

 difficulties and delays integrating the operations, technologies, and products of the acquired companies; 

•

 undetected errors or unauthorized use of a third-party’s code in products of the acquired companies; 

•

 the diversion of management’s attention from normal daily operations of the business; 

•

 potential difficulties in completing projects associated with purchased in-process research and development; 

•

 entry into markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and where competitors have stronger market positions and which are highly competitive;

13 

Table of Contents

•

 the potential loss of key employees of the acquired company; and 

•

 an uncertain sales and earnings stream from the acquired company, which could unexpectedly dilute our earnings. 

Our failure to manage growth effectively and successfully integrate acquired companies due to these or other factors could have a material adverse effect
on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

The benefits we anticipate from acquiring XenSource may not be realized. 

We entered into a merger agreement with XenSource with the expectation that the acquisition will result in various benefits including,
among other things, enhanced revenue and profits, greater market presence and development, and enhancements to our product portfolio and customer base. We expect that the acquisition will move us into adjacent server and desktop virtualization
markets that will allow us to extend our leadership in the broader Application Delivery Infrastructure market by adding key enabling technologies that make the end-to-end computing environment more flexible, dynamic and responsive to business
change. We may not realize any of these benefits. 

In addition, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of our acquisition of XenSource
as rapidly as, or to the extent, anticipated by our management and certain financial or industry analysts, and others may not perceive the same benefits of the acquisition as we do. For example, XenSource’s contribution to our financial results
may not meet the current expectations of our management for a number of reasons, including the integration risks described above, and could dilute our profits beyond the current expectations of our management. Operations and costs incurred and
potential liabilities assumed in connection with our acquisition of XenSource also could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. If these risks materialize, our stock price could be materially adversely
affected. 

Although we currently expect to close the XenSource acquisition in the fourth quarter of 2007, our acquisition of XenSource is
subject to a number of closing conditions, including approval by the XenSource stockholders and regulatory approvals. If these closing conditions are not met, we may not be able to complete our acquisition of XenSource. 

If we determine that any of our goodwill or intangible assets, including technology purchased in acquisitions, are impaired, we would be required to take a charge
to earnings, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We have a significant amount of goodwill and
other intangible assets, such as product and core technology, related to our acquisitions. We expect to record significant additional goodwill and other intangible asset amounts in connection with the acquisition of XenSource when the acquisition is
consummated. We do not amortize goodwill and intangible assets that are deemed to have indefinite lives. However, we do amortize certain product and core technologies, trademarks, patents and other intangibles. We periodically evaluate our
intangible assets, including goodwill, for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating segment). As of December 31, 2006 we had $631.7 million of goodwill. We review for impairment annually, or sooner if events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amount could exceed fair value. Fair values are based on discounted cash flows using a discount rate determined by our management to be consistent with industry discount rates and the risks inherent in our current business
model. Due to uncertain market conditions and potential changes in our strategy and product portfolio, it is possible that the forecasts we use to support our goodwill and other intangible assets could change in the future, which could result in
non-cash charges that would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Furthermore, impairment testing requires
significant judgment, including the identification of reporting units based on our internal reporting structure that reflects the way we manage our business and operations and to which our goodwill and intangible assets would be assigned.
Significant judgments are required to estimate the fair value of our goodwill and intangible assets, including estimating future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates, estimating the applicable tax rates, foreign exchange rates and
interest rates, projecting the future industry trends and market conditions, and making other assumptions. Changes in these estimates and assumptions, including changes in our reporting structure, could materially affect our determinations of fair
value. 

We recorded approximately $371.3 million of goodwill and intangible assets in connection with our 2005 Acquisitions and our 2006
Acquisitions. If the actual revenues and operating profit attributable to acquired intangible assets are less than the projections we used to initially value these intangible assets when we acquired them, then these intangible assets may be deemed
to be impaired. If we determine that any of the goodwill or other intangible assets associated with our recent acquisitions are impaired, then we would be required to reduce the value of those assets or to write them off completely by taking a
related charge to earnings. If we are required to write down or write off all or a portion of those assets, or if financial analysts or investors believe we may need to take such action in the future, our stock price and operating results could be
materially adversely affected. 

At December 31, 2006, we had $130.5 million, net, of unamortized identified intangibles, which include
core and product technology we purchased in acquisitions or under third party licenses. We currently market the technologies acquired in our acquisitions through our Citrix Online Division products, Application Networking products, Advanced
Solutions products and Management Systems products. However, our channel distributors and entities with which we have technology relationships, customers or prospective customers may not purchase or widely accept our new appliances and continue to
accept our Citrix Online Division products. If we fail to complete the development of our anticipated future product and service offerings, including product offerings acquired through our acquisitions, if we fail to complete them in a timely
manner, or if we are unsuccessful in selling any new lines of products, appliances and services, we could determine that the value of the purchased technology is impaired in whole or in part and take a charge to earnings. We could also incur
additional charges in later periods to reflect costs associated with completing those projects that could not be completed in a timely manner. An impairment charge could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. If the actual
revenues and operating profit attributable to acquired product and core technologies are less than the projections we used to initially value product and core technologies when we acquired it, such intangible assets may be deemed to be impaired. If
we determine that any of our intangible assets are impaired, we would be required to take a related charge to earnings that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our business could be adversely impacted by conditions affecting the information technology market. 

The demand for our products and services depends substantially upon the general demand for business-related computer appliances and software, which
fluctuates based on numerous factors, including capital spending levels, the spending levels and growth of our current and prospective customers and general economic conditions. Fluctuations in the demand for our products and services could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In the past, adverse 

14 

Table of Contents

economic conditions decreased demand for our products and negatively impacted our financial results. Future economic projections for the information
technology sector are uncertain. If an uncertain information technology spending environment persists, it could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to expand and diversify our distribution channels. 

We currently intend to continue to expand our distribution channels by leveraging our relationships with independent hardware and software vendors and
system integrators to encourage them to recommend or distribute our products. In addition, an integral part of our strategy is to diversify our base of channel relationships by adding more channel members with abilities to reach larger enterprise
customers and to sell our newer products. This will require additional resources, as we will need to expand our internal sales and service coverage of these customers. If we fail in these efforts and cannot expand or diversify our distribution
channels, our business could be adversely affected. In addition to this diversification of our base, we will need to maintain a healthy mix of channel members who cater to smaller customers. We may need to add and remove distribution members to
maintain customer satisfaction and a steady adoption rate of our products, which could increase our operating expenses. Through our accessPARTNER network, Citrix Authorized Learning Centers and other programs, we are currently investing, and intend
to continue to invest, significant resources to develop these channels, which could reduce our profits. 

We could change our licensing programs or
subscription renewal programs, which could negatively impact the timing of our recognition of revenue. 

We continually re-evaluate
our licensing programs and subscription renewal programs, including specific license models, delivery methods, and terms and conditions, to market our current and future products and services. We could implement new licensing programs and
subscription renewal programs, including offering specified and unspecified enhancements to our current and future product and service lines. Such changes could result in recognizing revenues over the contract term as opposed to upon the initial
shipment or licensing of our software product. We could implement different licensing models in certain circumstances, for which we would recognize licensing fees over a longer period. Changes to our licensing programs and subscription renewal
programs, including the timing of the release of enhancements, upgrades, and maintenance releases, the term of the contract, discounts and other factors, could impact the timing of the recognition of revenue for our products, related enhancements
and services and could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

Sales of our Subscription Advantage product constitute
substantially all of our License Updates revenue and a large portion of our deferred revenue. 

We anticipate that sales of our
Subscription Advantage product will continue to constitute a substantial portion of our License Updates revenue. Our ability to continue to generate both recognized and deferred revenue from our Subscription Advantage product will depend on our
customers continuing to perceive value in automatic delivery of our software upgrades and enhancements. A decrease in demand for our Subscription Advantage product could occur as a result of a decrease in demand for our Application Virtualization,
Application Networking and Management Systems products. If our customers do not continue to purchase our Subscription Advantage product, our License Updates revenue and deferred revenue would decrease significantly and our results of operations and
financial condition would be adversely affected. 

As our international sales and operations grow, we could become increasingly subject to additional
risks that could harm our business. 

We conduct significant sales and customer support, development and engineering operations in
countries outside of the United States including, as a result of our acquisition of NetScaler, product development in Bangalore, India. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2006, we derived approximately 47.4% of our revenues from sales
outside the United States. Our continued growth and profitability could require us to further expand our international operations. To successfully expand international sales, we must establish additional foreign operations, hire additional personnel
and recruit additional international resellers. Our international operations are subject to a variety of risks, which could cause fluctuations in the results of our international operations. These risks include: 

•

 compliance with foreign regulatory and market requirements; 

•

 variability of foreign economic, political and labor conditions; 

•

 changing restrictions imposed by regulatory requirements, tariffs or other trade barriers or by United States export laws; 

•

 longer accounts receivable payment cycles; 

15 

Table of Contents

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences; 

•

 difficulties in protecting intellectual property; 

•

 burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws; and 

•

 as we generate cash flow in non-U.S. jurisdictions, if required, we may experience difficulty transferring such funds to the U.S. in a tax efficient manner.

Our results of operations are also subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. In order to minimize the
impact on our operating results, we generally initiate our hedging of currency exchange risks one year in advance of anticipated foreign currency expenses. When the dollar is weak foreign currency denominated expenses will be higher. As a result of
our hedging practice these higher expenses will be partially offset by the gain in our hedging contracts. If the dollar is strong, foreign currency denominated expenses will be lower. These lower expenses will in turn be partially offset by the loss
in our hedging contracts. There is a risk that there will be fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates beyond the one year timeframe for which we hedge our risk. In 2006 our operating expenses were generally lower due to a stronger dollar
compared to 2005 during which our operating expenses were higher due to the dollar being generally weaker. 

Our success depends, in part,
on our ability to anticipate and address these risks. We cannot guarantee that these or other factors will not adversely affect our business or operating results. 

Our proprietary rights could offer only limited protection. Our products, including products obtained through acquisitions, could infringe third-party intellectual property rights, which could result in material costs.

Our efforts to protect our proprietary rights may not be successful. We rely primarily on a combination of copyright, trademark,
patent and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary rights. The loss of any material trade secret, trademark, tradename, patent or copyright could have a material adverse effect on our
business. Despite our precautions, it could be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy or reverse engineer certain portions of our products or to otherwise obtain and use our proprietary information. If we cannot protect our proprietary
technology against unauthorized copying or use, we may not remain competitive. Any patents owned by us could be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. Any of our pending or future patent applications, whether or not being currently challenged, may
not be issued with the scope we seek, if at all, and if issued, may not provide any meaningful protection or competitive advantage. 

In
addition, our ability to protect our proprietary rights could be affected by: 

•

 Differences in International Law; Enforceability of Licenses. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect our intellectual property to the same extent as do
the laws of the United States and Canada. For example, we derive a significant portion of our sales from licensing our packaged products under “shrink wrap” or “click-to-accept” license agreements that are not signed by licensees
and electronic enterprise customer licensing arrangements that are delivered electronically, all of which could be unenforceable under the laws of many foreign jurisdictions in which we license our products. 

•

 Third Party Infringement Claims. We may become increasingly subject to infringement claims and claims alleging the unauthorized use of a third-party’s code in
our products. This may occur for a variety of reasons, including the expansion of our product lines, such as our Application Networking products, our Citrix Online Division products, through product development and acquisitions, including our
acquisition of XenSource, and the increase in the number of competitors in our industry segments and the resulting increase in the number of related products and the overlap in the functionality of those products. Companies and inventors are more
frequently seeking to patent software and business methods because of developments in the law that could extend the ability to obtain such patents. As a result, we could receive more patent infringement claims. Responding to any infringement claim,
regardless of its validity, could result in costly litigation; injunctive relief or require us to obtain a license to intellectual property rights of those third parties. Licenses may not be available on reasonable terms, on terms compatible with
the protection of our proprietary rights, or at all. In addition, attention to these claims could divert our management’s time and attention from developing our business. If a successful claim is made against us and we fail to develop or
license a substitute technology, our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

We are subject to risks associated with our strategic and technology relationships. 

Our business depends on
strategic and technology relationships. We cannot assure you that those relationships will continue in the future. In addition to our relationship with Microsoft, we rely on strategic or technology relationships with such companies as Dell Inc.,
Hewlett-Packard Company, International Business Machines Corporation, SAP and others. We depend on the entities with which we have strategic or technology relationships to successfully test our products, to incorporate our technology into their

16 

Table of Contents

products and to market and sell those products. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our current strategic and technology relationships or
to develop additional strategic and technology relationships. If any entities in which we have a strategic or technology relationship are unable to incorporate our technology into their products or to market or sell those products, our business,
results of operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

If we lose access to third party licenses, releases of our
products could be delayed. 

We believe that we will continue to rely, in part, on third party licenses to enhance and differentiate
our products. Third party licensing arrangements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including: 

•

 undetected errors or unauthorized use of another person’s code in the third party’s software; 

•

 disagreement over the scope of the license and other key terms, such as royalties payable; 

•

 infringement actions brought by third party licensees; and 

•

 termination or expiration of the license. 

If we lose or are unable to maintain any of these third party licenses or are required to modify software obtained under third party licenses, it could delay the release of our products. Any delays could have a material adverse effect on
our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain and further penetrate large
enterprise customers. 

We must retain and continue to expand our ability to reach and penetrate large enterprise customers by
adding effective channel distributors and expanding our consulting services. Our inability to attract and retain large enterprise customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Large
enterprise customers usually request special pricing and generally have longer sales cycles, which could negatively impact our revenues. By granting special pricing, such as bundled pricing or discounts, to these large customers, we may have to
defer recognition of some or all of the revenue from such sales. This deferral could reduce our revenues and operating profits for a given reporting period. Additionally, as we attempt to attract and penetrate large enterprise customers, we may need
to increase corporate branding and marketing activities, which could increase our operating expenses. These efforts may not proportionally increase our operating revenues and could reduce our profits. 

Our success may depend on our ability to attract and retain small-sized customers. 

In order to successfully attract new customer segments to our Presentation Server products and
expand our existing relationships with enterprise customers, we must reach and retain small-sized customers and small project initiatives within our larger enterprise customers. We have begun a marketing initiative to reach these customers that
includes extending our Advisor Rewards program to include a broader range of license types. In 2005, we also introduced a new product, Access EssentialsTM

,
specifically developed, packaged and priced to bring secure application virtualization and efficient centralized management of information resources to small and mid-sized businesses. We cannot guarantee that our small-sized customer marketing
initiative or new product will be successful. Our failure to attract and retain small sized customers and small project initiatives within our larger enterprise customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations
and financial condition. Additionally, as we attempt to attract and retain small sized customers and small project initiatives within our larger enterprise customers, we may need to increase corporate branding and broaden our marketing activities,
which could increase our operating expenses. These efforts may not proportionally increase our operating revenues and could reduce our profits. 

We rely on indirect distribution channels and major distributors that we do not control. 

We rely significantly on
independent distributors and resellers to market and distribute our products and appliances. We do not control our distributors and resellers. Additionally, our distributors and resellers are not obligated to buy our products and could also
represent other lines of products. Some of our distributors and resellers maintain inventories of our packaged products for resale to smaller end-users. If distributors and resellers reduce their inventory of our packaged products, our business
could be adversely affected. Further, we could maintain individually significant accounts receivable balances with certain distributors. The financial condition of our distributors could deteriorate and distributors could significantly delay or
default on their payment obligations. Any significant delays, defaults or terminations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

17 

Table of Contents

For certain of our products we rely on third-party suppliers and contract manufacturers, making us vulnerable to
supply problems and price fluctuations. 

We rely on a number of third-party suppliers who provide hardware or the components
thereof, many of which are sole-source suppliers. For example, all of the production, final test, warehousing and shipping for our Application Networking products, including our NetScaler products, Access Gateway products and WANScaler products are
primarily performed by a third-party contract manufacturer. We do not typically have long-term supply agreements with our suppliers; and, in most cases, we purchase the products and components on an as-needed purchase order basis. In some instances,
such as with respect to our Application Networking products, we maintain internal manufacturing capabilities to supplement third-party contract manufacturers and provide us with the flexibility needed to meet our product delivery requirements on
sales orders on a limited basis. While we have not, to date, experienced any material difficulties or delays in the manufacture and assembly of our products, our suppliers may encounter problems during manufacturing due to a variety of reasons,
including failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, failure to comply with applicable regulations, equipment malfunction and environmental factors, any of which could delay or impede their ability to meet our demand. Our reliance on these
third-party suppliers and contract manufacturers subjects us to risks that could harm our business, including: 

•

 we may have difficulty locating and qualifying alternative suppliers for our sole-source supplies; 

•

 our suppliers, especially new suppliers, may make errors in manufacturing components that could negatively affect the efficacy of our products or cause delays in
shipment; 

•

 our suppliers manufacture products for a range of customers, and fluctuations in demand for the products these suppliers manufacture for others may affect their
ability to deliver components and products to us in a timely manner; and 

•

 our suppliers may encounter financial hardships unrelated to our demand for components, which could inhibit their ability to fulfill our orders and meet our
requirements. 

There may be delay associated with establishing additional or replacement suppliers, particularly for
components that are available only from sole or limited sources. Any interruption or delay in the supply of products or components, or our inability to obtain products or components from alternate sources at acceptable prices in a timely manner,
could impair our ability to meet the demand of our customers and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our
products could contain errors that could delay the release of new products and may not be detected until after our products are shipped. 

Despite significant testing by us and by current and potential customers, our products, especially new products or releases or acquired products, could contain errors. In some cases, these errors may not be discovered until after commercial
shipments have been made. Errors in our products could delay the development or release of new products and could adversely affect market acceptance of our products. Additionally, our products depend on third party products, which could contain
defects and could reduce the performance of our products or render them useless. Because our products are often used in mission-critical applications, errors in our products or the products of third parties upon which our products rely could give
rise to warranty or other claims by our customers. 

Our synthetic lease is an off-balance sheet arrangement that could negatively affect our
financial condition and results. 

In April 2002, we entered into a seven-year synthetic lease with a lessor for our headquarters
office buildings in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The synthetic lease qualifies for operating lease accounting treatment under SFAS No. 13, Accounting for Leases, so we do not include the property or the associated lease debt on our
consolidated balance sheet. However, if the lessor were to change its ownership of our property or significantly change its ownership of other properties that it currently holds, under FIN No. 46, 
Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities
(revised) we could be required to consolidate the entity, the leased facility and the debt at that time. 

If we elect not to purchase
the property at the end of the lease term, we have guaranteed a minimum residual value of approximately $51.9 million to the lessor. Therefore, if the fair value of the property declines below $51.9 million, our residual value guarantee would
require us to pay the difference to the lessor, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Our synthetic lease contains a number of affirmative and negative covenants. Because of delays in filing our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended
March 31, 2007 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30, 2007, we were at risk of breaching the affirmative covenants requiring our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006 to be
provided to the lessor within 100 days after the end of our fiscal year and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q within 55 days after the end of our fiscal quarters, 

18 

Table of Contents

respectively. We received waivers related to these anticipated covenant breaches to extend the due date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2006, our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2007 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30, 2007 until October 31, 2007. We have notified our lessor
that we will provide such reports to the lessor by the extension date. 

We have entered into credit facility agreements that restrict our ability to
conduct our business and failure to comply with such agreements may have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity and financial position. 

We and our subsidiary, Citrix Systems International GmbH, maintain a credit facility agreement that contains financial covenants tied to maximum consolidated leverage ratio and minimum interest coverage, among other
things. The credit facility agreement also contains affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations related to our ability to incur future indebtedness, contingent obligations or liens, conduct certain mergers
or acquisitions, make certain investments and loans, alter our capital structure, sell stock or assets and pay dividends. If we fail to comply with these covenants or any other provision of the credit facility agreement, we
may be in default under the credit facility agreement, and we cannot assure you that we will be able to obtain the necessary amendments or waivers of such default. Upon an event of default under our credit facility agreement not otherwise
amended or waived, the affected lenders could accelerate the repayment of any outstanding principal and accrued interest on their outstanding loans and terminate their commitments to lend additional funds, which may have a material adverse effect on
our liquidity and financial position. As of December 31, 2006, there were no amounts outstanding under our credit facility agreement. 

Our credit facility agreement contains a number of affirmative and negative covenants. Because of delays in filing our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2006, our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three
months ended March 31, 2007 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30, 2007, we were at risk of breaching the affirmative covenants requiring certain financial statements to be provided to our Lenders within
90 days after the end of our fiscal year and 45 days after the end of our fiscal quarters. We received waivers related to these covenant breaches to extend the due date of such financial statements until September 30, 2007. We have notified our
Lenders that we will provide such financial statements by the extension date. 

If our security measures are breached and unauthorized access is
obtained to our Citrix Online Division customers’ data, our services may be perceived as not being secure and customers may curtail or stop using our service. 

Use of our GoToMyPC, GoToMeeting, GoToAssist or GoToWebinar services involves the storage and transmission of customers’ proprietary information and
security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation and possible liability. If our security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise and, as a result, someone
obtains unauthorized access to one of our online customers’ data, our reputation will be damaged, our business may suffer and we could incur significant liability. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems
change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. If any compromises of security were to occur, it could have the
effect of substantially reducing the use of the Web for commerce and communications. Anyone who circumvents our security measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruptions in our services or operations. The Internet is a
public network and data are sent over this network from many sources. In the past, computer viruses, software programs that disable or impair computers have been distributed and have rapidly spread over the Internet. Computer viruses could be
introduced into our systems or those of our customers or suppliers, which could disrupt our network or make it inaccessible to our Citrix Online Division customers. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of
the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and we could lose sales and customers for our Citrix Online Division, which would significantly adversely affect our financial condition and the operating results for our Citrix Online
Division. 

Evolving regulation of the Web may adversely affect our Citrix Online Division. 

As Web commerce continues to evolve, increasing regulation by federal, state or foreign agencies becomes more likely. For example, we believe increased
regulation is likely in the area of data privacy, and laws and regulations applying to the solicitation, collection, processing or use of personal or consumer information could affect our online customers’ ability to use and share data and
restricting our ability to store, process and share data with these customers. In addition, taxation of services provided over the Web or other charges imposed by government agencies or by private organizations for accessing the Web may also be
imposed. Any regulation imposing greater fees for Web use or restricting information exchange over the Web could result in a decline in the use of the Web and the viability of Web-based services, which would significantly adversely affect our
financial condition and the operating results for our Citrix Online Division. 

19 

Table of Contents

Natural disasters or other unanticipated catastrophes that result in a disruption of our operations could
negatively impact our results of operations. 

Our worldwide operations are dependent on our network infrastructure, internal
technology systems and Website. Significant portions of our computer equipment, intellectual property resources and personnel, including critical resources dedicated to research and development and administrative support functions are presently
located at our corporate headquarters in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, an area of the country that is particularly prone to hurricanes, and at our various locations in California, an area of the country that is particularly prone to earthquakes. We also
have operations in various domestic and international locations that expose us to additional diverse risks. The occurrence of natural disasters, such as hurricanes or earthquakes, or other unanticipated catastrophes, such as telecommunications
failures, cyber-attacks, fires or terrorist attacks, at any of the locations in which we do business, could cause interruptions in our operations. For example, in October 2005, Hurricane Wilma passed through southern Florida causing extensive damage
to the region, including some minor damage to our corporate headquarters facility. In addition, even in the absence of direct damage to our operations, large disasters, terrorist attacks or other casualty events could have a significant impact on
our partners’ and customers’ businesses, which in turn could result in a negative impact on our results of operations. Extensive or multiple disruptions in our operations, or our partners’ or customers’ businesses, due to natural
disasters or other unanticipated catastrophes could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

If we do not generate sufficient
cash flow from operations in the future, we may not be able to fund our product development and acquisitions and fulfill our future obligations. 

Our ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations to fund our operations and product development, including the payment of cash consideration in acquisitions and the payment of our other obligations,
depends on a range of economic, competitive and business factors, many of which are outside our control. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or that we will be able to liquidate our investments,
repatriate cash and investments held in our overseas subsidiaries, sell assets or raise equity or debt financings when needed or desirable. An inability to fund our operations or fulfill outstanding obligations could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For further information, please refer to “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources.”

If stock balancing returns or price adjustments exceed our reserves, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

We provide most of our distributors with stock balancing return rights, which generally permit our distributors to return products to us by the
forty-fifth day of a fiscal quarter, subject to ordering an equal dollar amount of our products prior to the last day of the same fiscal quarter. We also provide price protection rights to most of our distributors. Price protection rights require
that we grant retroactive price adjustments for inventories of our products held by distributors if we lower our prices for those products within a specified time period. To cover our exposure to these product returns and price adjustments, we
establish reserves based on our evaluation of historical product trends and current marketing plans. However, we cannot assure you that our reserves will be sufficient to cover our future product returns and price adjustments. If we inadequately
forecast reserves, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

Our stock price could be volatile, and you could lose the value of your
investment. 

Our stock price has been volatile and has fluctuated significantly in the past. The trading price of our stock is
likely to continue to be volatile and subject to fluctuations in the future. Your investment in our stock could lose some or all of its value. Some of the factors that could significantly affect the market price of our stock include: 

•

 actual or anticipated variations in operating and financial results; 

•

 analyst reports or recommendations; 

•

 changes in interest rates; and 

•

 other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

The stock market in general, The Nasdaq Global Select Market (formerly, the Nasdaq National Market), and the market for software companies and technology companies in particular, have experienced extreme price and
volume fluctuations. These broad market and industry factors could materially and adversely affect the market price of our stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

20 

Table of Contents

Changes or modifications in financial accounting standards related to share-based compensation may have a material
adverse impact on our reported results of operations. 

Effective January 1, 2006, we adopted Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards, or SFAS, No. 123R, 

Share-Based Payment,

 a complex accounting standard that requires companies to expense the fair value of employee stock options and similar awards. As a result
of adopting the provisions of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards, or SFAS, No. 123R, our income before taxes and net income for 2006 are $44.9 million and $33.8 million lower, respectively, than if we had continued to account for
stock-based compensation under APB Opinion No. 25. The application of SFAS No. 123R requires significant judgment and the use of estimates, particularly surrounding stock price volatility, option forfeiture rates and expected option lives,
to build a model for appropriately valuing share-based compensation. There is little experience or guidance with respect to developing these assumptions and models. There is a risk that, as we and others gain experience with SFAS No. 123R or as
a result of subsequent accounting guidelines, we could determine that the assumptions or model we used requires modification. Any such modification could result in significantly different charges in future periods and, potentially, could require us
to correct the charges taken in prior periods. These modifications, as well as any such corrections of charges taken in a prior period could negatively affect our results of operations, stock price and our stock price volatility. 

Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. 

Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. Historically, our net revenues have fluctuated quarterly and have generally been the highest in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year due to corporate calendar
year-end spending trends. In addition, our European operations generally provide lower revenues in the summer months because of the generally reduced level of economic activity in Europe during the summer. This seasonal factor also typically results
in higher fourth quarter revenues. Quarterly results are also affected by the timing of the release of new products and services. Because of the seasonality of our business, results for any quarter, especially our fourth quarter, are not necessarily
indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. 

Our business and investments could be adversely impacted by unfavorable
economic political and social conditions. 

General economic and market conditions, and other factors outside our control including
significant natural disasters, terrorist attacks or military actions, could adversely affect our business and impair the value of our investments. Any downturn in general economic conditions could result in a reduction in demand for our products and
services and could harm our business. These conditions make it difficult for us, and our customers, to accurately forecast and plan future business activities and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. In addition, an economic downturn could result in an impairment in the value of our investments requiring us to record losses related to such investments. Impairment in the value of these investments may disrupt our ongoing business
and distract management. As of December 31, 2006 we had $441.9 million of short and long-term investments, including restricted investments, with various issuers and financial institutions. In many cases we do not attempt to reduce or eliminate
our market exposure on these investments and could incur losses related to the impairment of these investments. Fluctuations in economic and market conditions could adversely affect the value of our investments, and we could lose some of our
investment portfolio. A total loss of an investment could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. For further information on these investments, please refer to “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations —Liquidity and Capital Resources.”