Our operating results and financial condition have varied in the past and could in the future vary significantly depending on a number of factors. From time to time, information provided by us or statements made by our employees contain
“forward-looking” information that involves risks and uncertainties. In particular, statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, and in the documents incorporated by reference into this
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, that are not historical facts, including, but not limited to statements concerning new products, development and offerings of products and services, including our Desktop
Solutions, Online Services and Datacenter and Cloud Solutions, market positioning, Citrix Ready, our Partner Network, Product Licenses, License Updates, Technical Services, cash and non-cash charges, product and price competition, competition and
strategy, employees, suppliers, contract manufacturers, product price and inventory, contingent consideration payments, deferred revenues, government regulation (including the FCC), seasonal factors, natural disasters, stock-based compensation,
licensing and subscription renewal programs, computer system enhancements, international operations and expansion, revenue recognition, profits, growth of revenues, composition of revenues, cost of net revenues, operating expenses, sales and sales
cycle, marketing and support expenses, general and administrative expenses, research and development expenses, obsolete materials charges, valuations of investments and derivative instruments, technology relationships, open source software,
reinvestment or repatriation of foreign earnings, gross margins, amortization expense, goodwill and intangible assets, fluctuations in foreign exchange rates, interest income, interest expense, impairment charges, anticipated operating and capital
expenditure requirements, contractual obligations, our Credit Facility, in-process research and development, tax rates and deductions, tax liabilities and benefits, transfer pricing, our pending tax appeal, acquisitions, including XenSource and
Vapps, cash inflows, the Financial Accounting Standards Board’s authoritative guidance, leasing activities and obligations, acquisitions, stock repurchases, investment transactions (including our investment in bonds issued by AIG Matched
Funding Corporation (the “AIG Capped Floater”), our settlement with UBS and investments in auction rate and available-for-sale securities), changes in domestic and foreign economic conditions and credit markets, restructuring activities
(including our Strategic Restructuring Program), delays or reductions in technology purchases, acquired in-process technology, liquidity, litigation matters, intellectual property matters, distribution channels, stock price, payment of dividends,
Advisor Rewards program, price protection rights, proprietary technology, security measures, third party licenses, and potential debt or equity financings constitute forward-looking statements and are made under the safe harbor provisions of
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements are neither promises nor guarantees. Our actual results of operations and financial condition have
varied and could in the future vary materially from those stated in any forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2009, in the documents incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or presented elsewhere by our management from time to time. Such factors, among others, could have
a material adverse effect upon our business, results of operations and financial condition. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which only speak as of the date made. We undertake no obligation to update
any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date on which such statement is made. 

Adverse changes in
general economic conditions in the United States or any of the major countries in which we do business could adversely affect our operating results. 

As a global company, we are subject to the risks arising from adverse changes in global economic and market conditions. The worldwide economy underwent unprecedented turmoil in 2008 and 2009 amid stock
market volatility, difficulties in the financial services sector, tightening of the credit markets, softness in the housing markets, concerns of inflation and deflation, reduced corporate profits and capital spending, and economic uncertainties. The
continuing uncertainty about future economic conditions could negatively impact our current and prospective customers and result in delays or reductions in technology purchases. As a result, we have experienced and could continue to experience fewer
orders, longer sales cycles, slower adoption of new technologies and increased price competition, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. Adverse economic conditions also may
negatively impact our ability to obtain payment for outstanding debts owed to us by our customers or other parties with whom we do business. 

Our business could be adversely impacted by conditions affecting the information technology market. 

The
demand for our products and services depends substantially upon the general demand for business-related computer appliances and software, which fluctuates based on numerous factors, including capital spending levels, the spending levels and growth
of our current and prospective customers, and general economic conditions. Fluctuations in the demand for our products and services could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Moreover, the
purchase of our products is often discretionary and may involve a significant commitment of capital and other resources. As a result of uncertain general economic and market conditions, future economic projections for the information technology
sector are uncertain as companies continue to reassess their spending for technology projects. In the past, adverse economic conditions decreased demand for our products and negatively impacted our financial results. If an uncertain environment for
information technology spending continues, it could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

14 

Table of Contents

Our long sales cycle for enterprise-wide sales could cause significant variability in our revenue and
operating results for any particular period. 

In recent quarters, a growing number of our large and medium-sized
customers have decided to implement our enterprise customer license arrangements on a departmental or enterprise-wide basis. Our long sales cycle for these large-scale deployments makes it difficult to predict when these sales will occur, and we may
not be able to sustain these sales on a predictable basis. 

We have a long sales cycle for these enterprise-wide sales
because: 

•

 our sales force generally needs to explain and demonstrate the benefits of a large-scale deployment of our product to potential and existing customers
prior to sale; 

•

 our service personnel typically spend a significant amount of time assisting potential customers in their testing and evaluation of our products and
services; 

•

 our customers are typically large and medium size organizations that carefully research their technology needs and the many potential projects prior to
making capital expenditures for software infrastructure; and 

•

 before making a purchase, our potential customers usually must get approvals from various levels of decision makers within their organizations, and
this process can be lengthy. 

The continued long sales cycle for these large-scale deployment sales could
make it difficult to predict the quarter in which sales will occur. Delays in sales could cause significant variability in our revenue and operating results for any particular period. 

We face intense competition, which could result in fewer customer orders and reduced revenues and margins. 

We sell our products in intensely competitive markets. Some of our competitors and potential competitors have significantly greater financial, technical, sales and marketing and other resources than we
do. For example, our ability to market our Desktop Solutions, including XenDesktop, XenApp, and other future product offerings and upgrades, could be affected by Microsoft’s licensing and pricing scheme for client devices, servers and
applications. Further, the announcement of the release, and the actual release, of new Windows-based server operating systems or products incorporating similar features to our products could cause our existing and potential customers to postpone or
cancel plans to license certain of our existing and future product and service offerings. In addition, alternative products for application delivery directly and indirectly compete with our current product lines and our online services. 

Existing or new products and services that provide alternatives to our products and services, including those relating to Desktop
Solutions, Online Services, and Datacenter and Cloud Solutions, including application performance monitoring, branch office application delivery and WAN optimization, virtual desktop delivery, secure sockets layers/virtual private network, gateways,
on-demand assistance, online collaboration and IP telephony, can materially impact our ability to compete in these markets. 

Our current principal competitors in these markets include Cisco, including Cisco’s WebEx division, F5, Juniper, Riverbed, VMware, Microsoft, Blue Coat and LogMeIn. For further discussion of the competitive environment for our
products, see the section entitled “Competition” in Part 1—Item 1. 

As the markets for our products and
services continue to develop, additional companies, including companies with significant market presence in the computer appliances, software and networking industries, could enter the markets in which we compete and further intensify competition.
In addition, we believe price competition could become a more significant competitive factor in the future. As a result, we may not be able to maintain our historic prices and margins, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations
and financial condition. 

Sales of our Desktop Solutions constitute a majority of our revenue and decreases in demand for our Desktop
Solutions could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We anticipate that sales of our
Desktop Solutions and related enhancements and upgrades will constitute a majority of our revenue for the foreseeable future. Our ability to continue to generate revenue from our Desktop Solutions will depend on market acceptance of Windows Server
Operating Systems and/or UNIX Operating Systems. Declines and variability in demand for our Desktop Solutions could occur as a result of: 

•

 new competitive product releases and updates to existing products; 

•

 termination of our product offerings and enhancements; 

•

 potential market saturation; 

•

 technological change; 

•

 general economic conditions; or 

15 

Table of Contents

•

 lack of success of entities with which we have a technology relationship. 

If our customers do not continue to purchase our Desktop Solutions as a result of these or other factors, our revenue would decrease and our
results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. In addition, modification or termination of certain of our Desktop Solutions may cause variability in our revenue and make it difficult to predict our revenue growth and
trends in our Desktop Solutions as our customers adjust their purchasing decisions in response to such events. 

Our XenDesktop products
are based on an emerging technology platform, and the market for this line of products remains uncertain. 

Our
XenDesktop products and services are based on an emerging technology platform, the success of which will depend on organizations and customers perceiving technological and operational benefits and cost savings associated with adopting desktop
virtualization solutions. The limited extent to which XenDesktop has been adopted in the market may make it difficult to evaluate this product’s potential impact on our business because the market for our XenDesktop products remains uncertain.
For example, our primary competition in desktop virtualization is the existing IT practice of managing physical desktops as a device. To some extent, the success of our XenDesktop product will depend on IT executives rethinking how desktops can be
delivered as a service rather than viewing desktops as a device. To the extent that the adoption of desktop virtualization solutions occur more slowly or less comprehensively than we expect, the revenue growth associated with our XenDesktop products
may be slower than currently expected, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We
have received a Revenue Agent’s Report from the Internal Revenue Service asserting tax deficiencies in certain of our tax returns. An adverse outcome of this tax examination, or any future tax examinations involving similar assertions, could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

In connection with a current
IRS examination of our tax returns, the IRS has asserted income tax deficiencies related to transfer pricing and consequential adjustments of approximately $81.3 million for tax years 2004 and 2005 (excluding interest) relating to valuation matters
associated with the intercompany transfer of certain intellectual property in earlier tax years. We disagree with the adjustments and have filed a protest with the IRS, which caused the matter to be referred to the Appeals Division of the IRS. We
are contesting the adjustments through the IRS appeals process and the courts, if necessary. There can be no assurance, however, that this matter will be resolved in our favor, and an adverse outcome of this matter, or any future tax examinations
involving similar assertions, could have a material effect on our results of operations and financial condition. Regardless of whether this matter is resolved in our favor, this matter could be expensive and time-consuming to defend. 

If we do not develop new products and services or enhancements to our existing products and services, our business, results of operations and
financial condition could be adversely affected. 

The markets for our products and services are characterized by:

•

 rapid technological change; 

•

 evolving industry standards; 

•

 fluctuations in customer demand; 

•

 changes in customer requirements; and 

•

 frequent new product and service introductions and enhancements. 

Our future success depends on our ability to continually enhance our current products and services and develop and introduce new products
and services that our customers choose to buy. If we are unable to keep pace with technological developments and customer demands by introducing new products and services and enhancements, our business, results of operations and financial condition
could be adversely affected. Our future success could be hindered by: 

•

 delays in our introduction of new products and services; 

•

 delays in market acceptance of new products and services or new releases of our current products and services; and 

•

 our, or a competitor’s, announcement of new product or service enhancements or technologies that could replace or shorten the life cycle of our
existing product and service offerings. 

In order for a number of our products to succeed in the future, we
believe the demand for technology will need to shift from the types of products and services we and our competitors have sold in the past to a new generation of products we now offer. For example, we cannot guarantee that our Desktop Solutions,
Online Services and Datacenter and Cloud Solutions will achieve the broad market acceptance by our channel partners and entities with which we have a technology relationship, customers and prospective customers necessary to generate significant
revenue. In addition, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to respond effectively to technological changes or new product announcements by others. If we experience material delays or sales shortfalls with respect to our new products and services
or new releases of our current products and services, those delays or shortfalls could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

16 

Table of Contents

We believe that we could incur additional development costs, acquisition costs and royalties
and as we develop, buy or license new technologies or enhancements to our existing products and services. These added costs and royalties could increase our cost of revenues and operating expenses. However, we cannot currently quantify the costs for
transactions that have not yet occurred. In addition, we may need to use a significant portion of our cash and investments to fund acquisition costs. 

Our investment portfolio has been subject to impairment charges due to the recent financial crisis in the capital markets and may be adversely impacted by further deterioration of the capital markets. 

Our investment portfolio as of December 31, 2009 primarily consisted of agency securities, corporate securities, money market funds,
municipal (including auction rate) securities, government securities and commercial paper. As a result of recent adverse financial market conditions, investments in some financial instruments may pose risks arising from liquidity and credit
concerns. Although we follow an established investment policy and seek to minimize the credit risk associated with investments by investing primarily in investment grade, highly liquid securities and by limiting exposure to any one issuer depending
on credit quality, we cannot give assurances that the assets in our investment portfolio will not lose value, become impaired, or suffer from illiquidity. 

During 2008, we recorded an unrealized loss related to our $50.0 million face value investment issued by AIG Matched Funding Corporation, or the AIG Capped Floater, which matures in September 2011. This
unrealized loss was caused by the liquidity challenges of American International Group, Inc., or AIG, which triggered a downgrade in the credit ratings for AIG’s long-term issues by rating agencies in 2008. If AIG’s financial situation
further deteriorates, we may be required to further adjust the carrying value of the AIG Capped Floater and record an impairment charge for an other-than-temporary decline in the fair market value of this investment. 

We may be required to record additional impairment charges for other-than-temporary declines in fair market value in our available-for-sale
investments, including our investment in the AIG Capped Floater. Future market conditions could lead to additional impairment charges, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Moreover, fluctuations in economic and market conditions
could adversely affect the market value of our investments, and we could lose some of the principal value of our investment portfolio. A total loss of an investment, dependent on an individual security’s par value, or a significant decline in
the value of our investment portfolio could adversely affect our financial condition. 

If we lose key personnel or cannot hire enough
qualified employees in certain areas of our business, our ability to manage our business could be adversely affected. 

Our success depends, in large part, upon the services of a number of key employees in certain areas of our business. Except for certain key employees of acquired businesses, we do not have long-term employment agreements with any of our key
personnel. Any officer or employee can terminate his or her relationship with us at any time. The effective management of our growth, if any, could depend upon our ability to retain our highly-skilled technical, sales and services managerial,
finance and marketing personnel in certain areas of our business. If any of those employees leave, we will need to attract and retain replacements for them. We also may need to add key personnel in the future, including in certain key areas of our
business. The market for these qualified employees is competitive. We could find it difficult to successfully attract, assimilate or retain sufficiently qualified personnel in sufficient numbers. Furthermore, we may hire key personnel in connection
with our future acquisitions; however, any of these employees will be able to terminate his or her relationship with us at any time. If we cannot retain and add the necessary staff and resources for these acquired businesses, our ability to develop
acquired products, markets and customers could be adversely affected. Also, we may need to hire additional personnel to develop new products, product enhancements and technologies. If we cannot add the necessary staff and resources, our ability to
develop future enhancements and features to our existing or future products could be delayed. Any delays could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

If we fail to manage our operations and grow revenue, our future operating results could be adversely affected. 

Historically, the scope of our operations, the number of our employees and the geographic area of our operations and our revenue have grown
rapidly. In addition, we have acquired both domestic and international companies. This growth and the assimilation of acquired operations and their employees could continue to place a significant strain on our managerial, operational and financial
resources. We need to continue to implement and improve additional management and financial systems and controls. We may not be able to manage the current scope of our operations or future growth effectively and still exploit market opportunities
for our products and services in a timely and cost-effective way. Our future operating results could also depend on our ability to manage: 

•

 our expanding product lines; 

•

 our marketing and sales organizations; and 

17 

Table of Contents

•

 our client support organization to the extent required for any increase in installations of our products. 

During the past two years, a large portion of our growth has been attributable to the growth of our Desktop Solutions, as well as growth in
our Online Services and the application networking products in our Datacenter and Cloud product portfolio. We cannot provide any assurance that these markets and the revenues we derive from these markets will continue to grow, especially given the
current adverse economic and market conditions that we face. In addition, over the last four years we have grown our force of sales professionals that work closely with partners to sell to primary information technology, or IT, buyers, including
Strategic IT Executives, Network Architects, IT Infrastructure Managers, Desktop Operations Managers and Server Operations Managers, to address the multiple selling and buying opportunities presented by our expanded product lines. These and other
account penetration efforts are part of our strategy to increase the usage of our products within our customer’s IT organizations. We cannot provide any assurance that this strategy will be successful or that the release of our application
delivery infrastructure products or other new products or services will sustain or increase our revenue growth rate. 

We may be unable
to effectively control our operating expenses, which could negatively impact our profitability. 

Although we endeavor
to effectively control our operating expenses, these expenses, which are based on estimated revenue levels, are relatively fixed in the short term. We cannot assure you that our operating expenses will be lower than our estimated or actual revenues
in any given quarter or that we will not incur unanticipated expenses. If we experience a shortfall in revenue in any given quarter or if we incur material unanticipated expenses, we likely will not be able to further reduce operating expenses
quickly in response. Any significant shortfall in revenue or the incurrence of material unanticipated expenses could immediately and adversely affect our results of operations for that quarter. Also, due to the fixed nature of many of our expenses
and the challenges for revenue growth in the current environment, our income from operations and cash flows from operating and investing activities could be lower than in recent years. 

In addition, to the extent our revenue grows, if at all, we believe that our cost of revenues and certain operating expenses could also
increase. We believe that we could incur additional costs, including royalties, as we develop, license or buy new technologies or enhancements to our existing products and services. These added costs and royalties could increase our cost of revenues
and operating expenses and lower our gross margins. However, we cannot currently quantify the costs for such transactions that have not yet occurred or of these developing trends in our business. In addition, we may need to use a substantial portion
of our cash and investments or issue additional shares of our common stock to fund these additional costs. 

Acquisitions present many
risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals we anticipate at the time of an acquisition. 

Our
growth is dependent upon market growth, our ability to enhance existing products and services, and our ability to introduce new products and services on a timely basis. We intend to continue to address the need to develop new products and services
and enhance existing products and services through acquisitions of other companies, product lines and/or technologies. However, acquisitions, including those of high-technology companies, are inherently risky. We cannot provide any assurance that
any of our previous acquisitions, including our acquisitions over the past three years, or future acquisitions will be successful in helping us reach our financial and strategic goals either for that acquisition or for us generally or that the
combined company resulting from any acquisition will continue to support the growth achieved by the companies separately. 

The
risks we commonly encounter in managing and integrating acquisitions are: 

•

 difficulties and delays integrating the operations, technologies, and products of the acquired companies; 

•

 undetected errors or unauthorized use of a third-party’s code in products of the acquired companies; 

•

 the diversion of management’s attention from normal daily operations of the business; 

•

 potential difficulties in completing projects associated with purchased in-process research and development; 

•

 entry into markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and where competitors have stronger market positions and which are highly
competitive; 

•

 the potential loss of key employees of the acquired company; and 

•

 an uncertain revenue and earnings stream from the acquired company, which could unexpectedly dilute our earnings. 

Our failure to manage growth effectively and successfully integrate acquired companies due to these or other factors could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

18 

Table of Contents

Attractive acquisition opportunities may not be available to us, which could negatively affect the
growth of our business. 

Our business strategy includes the selective acquisition of businesses and technologies. In
the three years ended December 31, 2009, we completed one significant acquisition with the acquisition of XenSource in 2007. We plan to continue to seek opportunities to expand our product portfolio, customer base, technology, and technical
talent through acquisitions. However, we may not have the opportunity to make suitable acquisitions on favorable terms in the future, which could negatively impact the growth of our business. We expect that other companies in our industry will
compete with us to acquire compatible businesses. This competition could increase prices for businesses and technologies that we would likely pursue, and our competitors may have greater resources than we do to complete these acquisitions.

If we determine that any of our goodwill or intangible assets, including technology purchased in acquisitions, are impaired, we would
be required to take a charge to earnings, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We
have a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets, such as product related intangible assets, related to our acquisitions. We recorded significant additional goodwill and other intangible asset amounts in connection with the
acquisition of XenSource in 2007. We do not amortize goodwill and intangible assets that are deemed to have indefinite lives. However, we do amortize certain product related technologies, trademarks, patents and other intangibles and we periodically
evaluate them for impairment. We review goodwill for impairment annually, or sooner if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount could exceed fair value, at the reporting unit level (operating segment). As of
December 31, 2009, we had $899.8 million of goodwill. Fair values are based on discounted cash flows using a discount rate determined by our management to be consistent with industry discount rates and the risks inherent in our current business
model. Due to uncertain market conditions and potential changes in our strategy and product portfolio, it is possible that the forecasts we use to support our goodwill and other intangible assets could change in the future, which could result in
non-cash charges that would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Furthermore, impairment
testing requires significant judgment, including the identification of reporting units based on our internal reporting structure that reflects the way we manage our business and operations and to which our goodwill and intangible assets would be
assigned. Significant judgments are required to estimate the fair value of our goodwill and intangible assets, including estimating future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates, estimating the applicable tax rates, foreign exchange
rates and interest rates, projecting the future industry trends and market conditions, and making other assumptions. Changes in these estimates and assumptions, including changes in our reporting structure, could materially affect our determinations
of fair value. 

We recorded approximately $266.1 million of goodwill and intangible assets in connection with our 2007
Acquisitions and our 2008 Acquisitions. If the actual revenues and operating profit attributable to acquired intangible assets are less than the projections we used to initially value these intangible assets when we acquired them, then these
intangible assets may be deemed to be impaired. If we determine that any of the goodwill or other intangible assets associated with our recent acquisitions is impaired, then we would be required to reduce the value of those assets or to write them
off completely by taking a related charge to earnings. If we are required to write down or write off all or a portion of those assets, or if financial analysts or investors believe we may need to take such action in the future, our stock price and
operating results could be materially and adversely affected. 

At December 31, 2009, we had $213.2 million, net, of
unamortized intangibles, which include product related technology we purchased in acquisitions or under third-party licenses. These intangibles are primarily associated with our Datacenter and Cloud Solutions. However, our VADs and entities with
which we have technology relationships, customers or prospective customers may not purchase or widely accept our new products. If we fail to complete the development of our anticipated future product and service offerings, including product
offerings acquired through our acquisitions, if we fail to complete them in a timely manner, or if we are unsuccessful in selling any new lines of products, appliances and services, we could determine that the value of the purchased technology is
impaired in whole or in part and take a charge to earnings. We could also incur additional charges in later periods to reflect costs associated with completing those projects that could not be completed in a timely manner. An impairment charge could
have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. If the actual revenues and operating profit attributable to acquired product and core technologies are less than the projections we used to initially value product and core technologies
when we acquired it, such intangible assets may be deemed to be impaired. If we determine that any of our intangible assets are impaired, we would be required to take a related charge to earnings that could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations. 

Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to expand and diversify our distribution channels.

We currently intend to continue to expand our distribution channels by leveraging our relationships with independent
hardware and software vendors and system integrators to encourage them to recommend or distribute our products. In addition, an integral part of our strategy is to diversify our base of channel relationships by adding and training more channel
members with abilities to reach larger enterprise customers and to sell our newer products. This strategy will require additional resources, as we will need to expand our internal sales and service coverage of these customers. If we fail in these
efforts and cannot expand, train or diversify our distribution channels, our business could be adversely affected. In addition to this diversification of our base, we will need to maintain a healthy mix of channel members who cater to smaller
customers. We may need to add and remove distribution members to maintain customer satisfaction and a steady adoption rate of our products, which could increase our operating expenses. Through our Citrix Partner Network and other programs, we are
currently investing, and intend to continue to invest, significant resources to develop these channels, which could reduce our profits. 

19 

Table of Contents

We could change our licensing programs or subscription renewal programs, which could negatively impact
the timing of our recognition of revenue. 

We continually re-evaluate our licensing programs and subscription renewal
programs, including specific license models, delivery methods, and terms and conditions, to market our current and future products and services. We could implement new licensing programs and subscription renewal programs, including promotional
trade-up programs or offering specified enhancements to our current and future product and service lines. Such changes could result in deferring revenue recognition until the specified enhancement is delivered or at the end of the contract term as
opposed to upon the initial shipment or licensing of our software product. We could implement different licensing models in certain circumstances, for which we would recognize licensing fees over a longer period, including offering additional
products in a software-as-a-service model. Changes to our licensing programs and subscription renewal programs, including the timing of the release of enhancements, upgrades, maintenance releases, the term of the contract, discounts, promotions and
other factors, could impact the timing of the recognition of revenue for our products, related enhancements and services and could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

Sales of our Subscription Advantage product constitute substantially all of our License Updates revenue and a large portion of our deferred revenue.

We anticipate that sales of our Subscription Advantage product will continue to constitute a substantial portion of
our License Updates revenue. Our ability to continue to generate both recognized and deferred revenue from our Subscription Advantage product will depend on our customers continuing to perceive value in automatic delivery of our software upgrades
and enhancements. A decrease in demand for our Subscription Advantage product could occur as a result of a decrease in demand for our Desktop Solutions and our Datacenter and Cloud Solutions. If our customers do not continue to purchase our
Subscription Advantage product, our License Updates revenue and deferred revenue would decrease significantly and our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

As our international sales and operations grow, we could become increasingly subject to additional risks that could harm our business.

We conduct significant sales and customer support, development and engineering operations in countries outside of the
United States. During the year ended December 31, 2009, we derived approximately 43.6% of our revenues from sales outside the United States. Our continued growth and profitability could require us to further expand our international operations.
To successfully expand international sales, we must establish additional foreign operations, hire additional personnel and recruit additional international resellers. Our international operations are subject to a variety of risks, which could cause
fluctuations in the results of our international operations. These risks include: 

•

 compliance with foreign regulatory and market requirements; 

•

 variability of foreign economic, political and labor conditions; 

•

 changing restrictions imposed by regulatory requirements, tariffs or other trade barriers or by U.S. export laws; 

•

 longer accounts receivable payment cycles; 

•

 potentially adverse tax consequences; 

•

 difficulties in protecting intellectual property; 

•

 burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws; and 

•

 as we generate cash flow in non-U.S. jurisdictions, if required, we may experience difficulty transferring such funds to the U.S. in a tax efficient
manner. 

Our results of operations are also subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. In
order to minimize the impact on our operating results, we generally initiate our hedging of currency exchange risks one year in advance of anticipated foreign currency expenses. When the dollar is weak, foreign currency denominated expenses will be
higher, and these higher expenses will be partially offset by the gains realized from our hedging contracts. If the dollar is strong, foreign currency denominated expenses will be lower. These lower expenses will in turn be partially offset by the
losses incurred from our hedging contracts. There is a risk that there will be fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates beyond the one year timeframe for which we hedge our risk. Due to the generally weaker dollar in 2009 when compared to
2008, our operating expenses were higher when converted to U.S. dollars, but these higher expenses were partially offset by gains in our hedging programs. 

Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and address these risks. We cannot guarantee that these or other factors will not adversely affect our business or operating results. 

20 

Table of Contents

Unanticipated changes in our tax rates or our exposure to additional income tax liabilities could
affect our operating results and financial condition. 

Our future effective tax rates could be favorably or unfavorably
affected by unanticipated changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities, the geographic mix of our revenue, or by changes in tax laws or their interpretation. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide
provision for income taxes. In addition, we are subject to the continuous examination of our income tax returns by tax authorities, including a current examination by the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, for our income tax returns for 2004 and
2008. We regularly assess the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of our provision for income taxes. There can be no assurance, however, that the outcomes from these continuous examinations will
not have an adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. Additionally, due to the evolving nature of tax rules combined with the large number of jurisdictions in which we operate, it is possible that our estimates of our tax
liability and the realizability of our deferred tax assets could change in the future, which may result in additional tax liabilities and adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We have credit exposure to our hedging counterparties. 

In order to minimize volatility in earnings associated with fluctuations in the value of foreign currency relative to the U.S. dollar, we use financial instruments to hedge our exposure to foreign
currencies as we deem appropriate for a portion of our expenses which are denominated in the local currency of our foreign subsidiaries. As a result of entering into these contracts with counterparties who are unrelated to us, the risk of a
counterparty default exists in fulfilling the hedge contract. Should there be a counterparty default, we could be unable to recover anticipated net gains from the transactions. 

Our proprietary rights could offer only limited protection. Our products, including products obtained through acquisitions, could infringe third-party intellectual property rights, which could
result in material costs. 

Our efforts to protect our proprietary rights may not be successful. We rely primarily on a
combination of copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions to protect our proprietary rights. The loss of any material trade secret, trademark, trade name, patent or copyright could have
a material adverse effect on our business. Despite our precautions, it could be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy or reverse engineer certain portions of our products or to otherwise obtain and use our proprietary information. If we
cannot protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, we may not remain competitive. Any patents owned by us could be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. Any of our pending or future patent applications, whether or not
being currently challenged, may not be issued with the scope we seek, if at all, and if issued, may not provide any meaningful protection or competitive advantage. 

In addition, our ability to protect our proprietary rights could be affected by: 

•

 Differences in International Law; Enforceability of Licenses: The laws of some foreign countries do not protect our intellectual property to the
same extent as do the laws of the United States and Canada. For example, we derive a significant portion of our sales from licensing our packaged products under “shrink wrap” or “click-to-accept” license agreements that are not
signed by licensees and electronic enterprise customer licensing arrangements that are delivered electronically, all of which could be unenforceable under the laws of many foreign jurisdictions in which we license our products.

•

 Third-Party Infringement Claims: We may become increasingly subject to infringement claims and claims alleging the unauthorized use of a
third-party’s code in our products. This may occur for a variety of reasons, including the expansion of our product lines, such as our Datacenter and Cloud Solutions and our Online Services division products, through product development and
acquisitions and an increase in patent infringement litigation commenced by non-practicing entities, the increase in the number of competitors in our industry segments and the resulting increase in the number of related products and the overlap in
the functionality of those products, and the unauthorized use of third-party’s code in our product development process. Companies and inventors are more frequently seeking to patent software despite recent developments in the law that may
discourage or invalidate such patents. As a result, we could receive more patent infringement claims. Responding to any infringement claim, regardless of its validity, could result in costly litigation or injunctive relief or require us to obtain a
license to intellectual property rights of those third parties. Licenses may not be available on reasonable terms, on terms compatible with the protection of our proprietary rights, or at all. In addition, attention to these claims could divert our
management’s time and attention from developing our business. If a successful claim is made against us and we fail to develop or license a substitute technology or negotiate a suitable settlement arrangement, our business, results of
operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. See Part I, Item 3 entitled “Legal Proceedings” for information concerning pending patent infringement cases in which we are involved.

21 

Table of Contents

Our use of “open source” software could negatively impact our ability to sell our products
and subject us to possible litigation. 

The products or technologies acquired, licensed or developed by us may
incorporate so-called “open source” software, and we may incorporate open source software into other products in the future. Such open source software is generally licensed by its authors or other third parties under open source licenses,
including, for example, the GNU General Public License, the GNU Lesser General Public License, “Apache-style” licenses, “Berkeley Software Distribution,” “BSD-style” licenses, and other open source licenses. We monitor
our use of open source software in an effort to avoid subjecting our products to conditions we do not intend. Although we believe that we have complied with our obligations under the various applicable licenses for open source software that we use
such that we have not triggered any of these conditions, there is little or no legal precedent governing the interpretation of many of the terms of these types of licenses. As a result, the potential impact of these terms on our business may result
in unanticipated obligations regarding our products and technologies, such as requirements that we offer our products that use the open source software for no cost, that we make available source code for modifications or derivative works we create
based upon, incorporating or using the open source software, and/or that we license such modifications or derivative works under the terms of the particular open source license. 

If an author or other third party that distributes open source software were to allege that we had not complied with the conditions of one
or more of these licenses, we could be required to incur significant legal expenses defending against such allegations. If our defenses were not successful, we could be subject to significant damages, enjoined from the distribution of our products
that contained the open source software, and required to comply with the foregoing conditions, which could disrupt the distribution and sale of some of our products. In addition, if we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a
certain manner, under some open source licenses we could be required to release the source code of our proprietary software, which could substantially help our competitors develop products that are similar to or better than ours. 

In addition to risks related to license requirements, usage of open source software can lead to greater risks than use of third-party
commercial software, as open source licensors generally do not provide warranties or assurance of title or controls on the origin of the software. 

If open source software programmers, many of whom we do not employ, do not continue to develop and enhance the open source Xen hypervisor, we may be unable to develop new XenServer products, adequately enhance our existing XenServer
products or meet customer requirements for innovation, quality and price of these Xen products. 

We rely to a
significant degree on an informal community of independent open source software programmers to develop and enhance the Xen hypervisor. A relatively small group of software engineers, many of whom are not employed by us, are primarily responsible for
the development and evolution of the Xen hypervisor, which is the heart of the XenServer virtualization product. If these programmers fail to adequately further develop and enhance open source technologies, we would have to rely on other parties to
develop and enhance the Xen hypervisor or we would need to develop and enhance the Xen hypervisor with our own resources. We cannot predict whether further developments and enhancements to these technologies would be available from reliable
alternative sources. In either event, our development expenses could be increased and our product release and upgrade schedules could be delayed. Moreover, if third-party software programmers fail to adequately further develop and enhance the Xen
hypervisor, the development and adoption of this virtual server technology could be stifled and our products, including XenServer, could become less competitive. Delays in developing, completing or shipping new or enhanced products could result in
delayed or reduced revenue for those products and could also adversely affect customer acceptance of those offerings. 

We are subject to
risks associated with our strategic and technology relationships. 

Our business depends on strategic and technology
relationships. We cannot assure you that those relationships will continue in the future. 

We rely on strategic or technology
relationships with companies such as Microsoft, Wyse Technologies, Dell, Hewlett-Packard Company, Fujitsu Limited and others. We depend on the entities with which we have strategic or technology relationships to successfully test our products, to
incorporate our technology into their products and to market and sell those products. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our current strategic and technology relationships or to develop additional strategic and technology
relationships. If any entities in which we have a strategic or technology relationship are unable to incorporate our technology into their products or to market or sell those products, our business, results of operations and financial condition
could be materially adversely affected. 

If we lose access to third-party licenses, releases of our products could be delayed. 

We believe that we will continue to rely, in part, on third-party licenses to enhance and differentiate our products.
Third-party licensing arrangements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including: 

•

 undetected errors or unauthorized use of another person’s code in the third party’s software; 

•

 disagreement over the scope of the license and other key terms, such as royalties payable; 

22 

Table of Contents

•

 infringement actions brought by third-party licensees; and 

•

 termination or expiration of the license. 

If we lose or are unable to maintain any of these third-party licenses or are required to modify software obtained under third-party licenses, it could delay the release of our products. Any delays could
have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our success depends on our ability to
attract and retain and further penetrate large enterprise customers. 

We must retain and continue to expand our ability
to reach and penetrate large enterprise customers by adding effective VADs and expanding our consulting services. Our inability to attract and retain large enterprise customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. Large enterprise customers usually request special pricing and purchase of multiple years of subscription and maintenance up-front and generally have longer sales cycles, which could negatively impact our
revenues. By allowing these customers to purchase multiple years of subscription or maintenance up-front and by granting special pricing, such as bundled pricing or discounts, to these large customers, we may have to defer recognition of some or all
of the revenue from such sales. This deferral could reduce our revenues and operating profits for a given reporting period. Additionally, as we attempt to attract and penetrate large enterprise customers, we may need to increase corporate branding
and marketing activities, which could increase our operating expenses. These efforts may not proportionally increase our operating revenues and could reduce our profits. 

Issues arising during the upgrade of our enterprise resource planning system could affect our operating results and ability to manage our business effectively. 

We are in the process of upgrading our SAP enterprise resource planning, or ERP, computer system to enhance operating efficiencies and
provide more effective management of our business operations. The upgrade could cause substantial business interruption that could adversely impact our operating results. We are investing significant financial and personnel resources into this
project. However, there is no assurance that the design will meet our current and future business needs or that it will operate as designed. We are heavily dependent on such computer systems, and any significant failure or delay in the system
upgrade, if encountered, would cause a substantial interruption to our business and additional expense which could result in an adverse impact on our operating results, cash flows and financial condition. 

We rely on indirect distribution channels and major distributors that we do not control. 

We rely significantly on independent distributors and resellers to market and distribute our products and appliances. For instance, one
distributor, Ingram Micro, accounted for 14% of our net revenues in 2009. Our distributor arrangements with Ingram Micro consist of several non-exclusive, independently negotiated agreements with our subsidiaries, each of which cover different
countries or regions. Moreover, no reseller accounted for over 10% of our total net revenues in 2009. We do not control our distributors and resellers. Additionally, our distributors and resellers are not obligated to buy our products and could also
represent other lines of products. We maintain and periodically revise our sales incentive programs for our independent distributors and resellers, and such program revisions may adversely impact our results of operations. Some of our distributors
and resellers maintain inventories of our packaged products for resale to smaller end-users. If distributors and resellers reduce their inventory of our packaged products, our business could be adversely affected. Further, we could maintain
individually significant accounts receivable balances with certain distributors. The financial condition of our distributors could deteriorate and distributors could significantly delay or default on their payment obligations. Any significant
delays, defaults or terminations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

23 

Table of Contents

For certain of our products we rely on third-party suppliers and contract manufacturers, making us
vulnerable to supply problems and price fluctuations. 

We rely on a number of third-party suppliers, who provide
hardware or hardware components for our products, and contract manufacturers. For example, the production, final test, warehousing and shipping for our Desktop Solutions and Datacenter and Cloud Solutions, including our NetScaler products, Access
Gateway products and Citrix Repeater appliance products are primarily performed by a third-party contract manufacturer. We do not typically have long-term supply agreements with our suppliers; and, in most cases, we purchase the products and
components on an as-needed purchase order basis. In some instances, such as with respect to our application networking products in our Datacenter and Cloud Solutions portfolio, we maintain internal manufacturing capabilities to supplement
third-party contract manufacturers and provide us with the flexibility needed to meet our product delivery requirements on sales orders on a limited basis. While we have not, to date, experienced any material difficulties or delays in the
manufacture and assembly of our products, our suppliers may encounter problems during manufacturing due to a variety of reasons, including failure to follow specific protocols and procedures, failure to comply with applicable regulations, equipment
malfunction and environmental factors, any of which could delay or impede their ability to meet our demand. Our reliance on these third-party suppliers and contract manufacturers subjects us to risks that could harm our business, including:

•

 our suppliers, especially new suppliers, may make errors in manufacturing components that could negatively affect the efficacy of our products or cause
delays in shipment; 

•

 our suppliers manufacture products for a range of customers, and fluctuations in demand for the products these suppliers manufacture for others may
affect their ability to deliver components and products to us in a timely manner; and 

•

 our suppliers may encounter financial hardships unrelated to our demand for components, which could inhibit their ability to fulfill our orders and
meet our requirements. 

There may be delays associated with establishing additional or replacement
suppliers, particularly for components that are available only from limited sources. Any interruption or delay in the supply of products or components, or our inability to obtain products or components from alternate sources at acceptable prices in
a timely manner, could impair our ability to meet the demand of our customers and adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

Our products could contain errors that could delay the release of new products and may not be detected until after our products are shipped. 

Despite significant testing by us and by current and potential customers, our products, especially new products or releases or acquired
products, could contain errors. In some cases, these errors may not be discovered until after commercial shipments have been made. Errors in our products could delay the development or release of new products and could adversely affect market
acceptance of our products. Additionally, our products depend on third- party products, which could contain defects and could reduce the performance of our products or render them useless. Because our products are often used in mission-critical
applications, errors in our products or the products of third parties upon which our products rely could give rise to warranty or other claims by our customers, which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations. 

We have entered into a credit facility agreement that restricts our ability to conduct our business and failure
to comply with such agreement may have an adverse effect on our business, liquidity and financial position. 

We, along
with our subsidiary, Citrix Systems International GmbH, maintain a credit facility agreement that contains financial covenants tied to a maximum consolidated leverage ratio and minimum interest coverage, among other things. The credit facility
agreement also contains affirmative and negative covenants, including limitations related to our ability to incur future indebtedness, contingent obligations or liens, conduct certain mergers or acquisitions, make certain investments and loans,
alter our capital structure, sell stock or assets and pay dividends. If we fail to comply with these covenants or any other provision of the credit facility agreement, we may be in default under the credit facility agreement, and we cannot assure
you that we will be able to obtain the necessary waivers or amendments of such default. Upon an event of default under our credit facility agreement not otherwise amended or waived, the affected lenders could accelerate the repayment of any
outstanding principal and accrued interest on their outstanding loans and terminate their commitments to lend additional funds, which may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity and financial position. 

24 

Table of Contents

If our security measures are breached and unauthorized access is obtained to our Online Services
division customers’ data, our services may be perceived as not being secure and customers may curtail or stop using our service. 

Use of our GoToMyPC, GoToMeeting, GoToAssist or GoToWebinar services involves the storage and transmission of customers’ business and personally identifiable information, and security breaches could
expose us to a risk of loss of this information, litigation and possible liability. If our security measures are breached as a result of third-party action, employee error, malfeasance or otherwise, and, as a result, someone obtains unauthorized
access to one of our online customers’ personally identifiable data, our reputation will be damaged, our business may suffer and we could incur significant liability. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to or sabotage systems
change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventative measures. If any compromises of security were to occur, it could have the
effect of substantially reducing the use of the Web for commerce and communications. Anyone who circumvents our security measures could misappropriate credit card and other payment information, personally identifiable customer information or cause
interruptions in our services or operations. Fines and liabilities can be significant for breaches of payment card data. In the case of an actual breach of payment card data, we could incur potential fines at the discretion of the credit card
companies. These fines could include penalties for all compromised account numbers, the costs of any additional fraud detection activities required by the card associations, costs incurred by credit card issuers associated with the compromise and
additional monitoring of systems for further fraudulent activity. A large breach of payment card data could also put our ability to process credit card payments at risk. Computer viruses, software programs that disable or impair computers, have been
and continue to be distributed and have rapidly spread over the Internet. Computer viruses could be introduced into our systems or those of our vendors, which could disrupt our network or make it inaccessible to our Online Services division
customers. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and we could lose sales and customers for our Online Services division, and in the case of an
actual breach we could incur fines and other penalties under privacy and data protection laws, which would significantly adversely affect our financial condition and the operating results for our Online Services division. 

Evolving regulation of the Web may adversely affect our Online Services division. 

As Web commerce continues to evolve, increasing regulation by federal, state or foreign agencies becomes more likely. For example, we believe
increased regulation is likely in the area of laws and regulations applying to the solicitation, collection, processing or use of personal or consumer information. Additional regulation could impact our business through increased costs and
restrictions on our ability to process and secure customer data. In addition, taxation of services provided over the Web or other charges imposed by government agencies or by private organizations for accessing the Web may also be imposed. Any
regulation imposing greater fees for Web use or restricting information exchange over the Web could result in a decline in the use of the Web and the viability of Web-based services, which would significantly adversely affect our financial condition
and the operating results for our Online Services division. 

Regulation of our Citrix Online Audio business may adversely affect our
Online Services division. 

In October 2008, our Online Services division acquired Vapps, Inc., or Vapps, a VoIP-based
audio services company, to form our Citrix Online Audio products and services. Certain of these products and services are subject to various regulatory requirements established by the Federal Communications Commission, or FCC. FCC regulation
may delay or hinder our ability to provide our planned services and products. The telecommunications industry is highly regulated in the U.S. at the federal, state and local levels. Various state and international authorities may also seek to
regulate the products and services we provide or will provide. The FCC and state regulatory authorities may address regulatory non-compliance with a variety of enforcement mechanisms, including fines, refund orders, injunctive relief, license
conditions, and/or license revocation. The regulation of the telecommunications industry is changing rapidly, and the regulatory environment varies substantially from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. There can be no assurance that future regulatory,
judicial or legislative activities will not have a material adverse effect on the business, and results of operations of our Online Services division. 

Natural disasters or other unanticipated catastrophes that result in a disruption of our operations could negatively impact our results of operations. 

Our worldwide operations are dependent on our network infrastructure, internal technology systems and Website. Significant portions of our
computer equipment, intellectual property resources and personnel, including critical resources dedicated to research and development and administrative support functions are presently located at our corporate headquarters in Fort Lauderdale,
Florida, an area of the country that is particularly prone to hurricanes, and at our various locations in California, an area of the country that is particularly prone to earthquakes. We also have operations in various domestic and international
locations that expose us to additional diverse risks. The occurrence of natural disasters, such as hurricanes or earthquakes, or other unanticipated catastrophes, such as telecommunications failures, cyber-attacks, fires or terrorist attacks, at any
of the locations in which we do business, could cause interruptions in our operations. For example, hurricanes have passed through southern Florida causing extensive damage to the region. In addition, even in the absence of direct damage to our
operations, large disasters, terrorist attacks or other casualty events could have a significant impact on our partners’ and customers’ businesses, which in turn could result in a negative impact on our results of operations. Extensive or
multiple disruptions in our operations, or our partners’ or customers’ businesses, due to natural disasters or other unanticipated catastrophes could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

25 

Table of Contents

If we do not generate sufficient cash flow from operations in the future, we may not be able to fund
our product development and acquisitions and fulfill our future obligations. 

Our ability to generate sufficient cash
flow from operations to fund our operations and product development, including the payment of cash consideration in acquisitions and the payment of our other obligations, depends on a range of economic, competitive and business factors, many of
which are outside our control. We cannot assure you that our business will generate sufficient cash flow from operations, or that we will be able to liquidate our investments, repatriate cash and investments held in our overseas subsidiaries, sell
assets or raise equity or debt financings when needed or desirable. An inability to fund our operations or fulfill outstanding obligations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. For
further information, please refer to “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources.” 

If returns or price adjustments exceed our reserves, our operating results could be adversely affected. 

We provide most of our distributors with return rights, which generally permit our distributors to return products to us
by the 45
th

 day of a fiscal quarter, subject to ordering
an equal dollar amount of our products prior to the last day of the same fiscal quarter. We also provide price protection rights to most of our distributors. Price protection rights require that we grant retroactive price adjustments for inventories
of our products held by distributors if we lower our prices for those products within a specified time period. To cover our exposure to these product returns and price adjustments, we establish reserves based on our evaluation of historical product
trends and current marketing plans. However, we cannot assure you that our reserves will be sufficient to cover our future product returns and price adjustments. If we inadequately forecast reserves, our operating results could be adversely
affected. 

Our stock price could be volatile, particularly during times of economic uncertainty and volatility in domestic and
international stock markets, and you could lose the value of your investment. 

Our stock price has been volatile and
has fluctuated significantly in the past. The trading price of our stock is likely to continue to be volatile and subject to fluctuations in the future. Your investment in our stock could lose some or all of its value. Some of the factors that could
significantly affect the market price of our stock include: 

•

 actual or anticipated variations in operating and financial results; 

•

 analyst reports or recommendations; 

•

 changes in interest rates; and 

•

 other events or factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

The stock market in general, The NASDAQ Global Select Market, and the market for software companies and technology companies in particular,
have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. These fluctuations have often been unrelated or disproportionate to operating performance. These forces reached unprecedented levels in the second half of 2008, resulting in the bankruptcy or
acquisition of, or government assistance to, several major domestic and international financial institutions and a material decline in economic conditions. In particular, the U.S. equity markets experienced significant price and volume fluctuations
that have affected the market prices of equity securities of many technology companies. During 2009, our stock price has experienced volatility, with the closing price of our common stock on The NASDAQ Global Select Market having ranged from $20.00
on March 2, 2009 to $43.78 on October 12, 2009. These broad market and industry factors could materially and adversely affect the market price of our stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 

Changes or modifications in financial accounting standards related to business combinations may have a material adverse impact on our reported results
of operations. 

In December 2007, authoritative guidance was issued in regards to business combinations. The
guidance requires, among other things, the expensing of direct transaction costs, including deal costs and restructuring costs as incurred and acquired in-process research and development, or IPR&D, assets to be capitalized, certain contingent
assets and liabilities to be recognized at fair value, and arrangements related to contingent merger consideration may be required to be measured at fair value until settled, with changes in fair value recognized each period into earnings.
Historically, we have been acquisitive and if we continue to be so, the authoritative guidance could have a material impact on our consolidated financials, results of operations and cash flows if we enter into any material business combinations.

Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. 

Our business is subject to seasonal fluctuations. Historically, our net revenues have fluctuated quarterly and have generally been the highest in the fourth quarter of our fiscal year due to corporate
calendar year-end spending trends. In addition, our European operations generally provide lower revenues in the summer months because of the generally reduced level of economic activity in Europe during the summer. This seasonal factor also
typically results in higher fourth quarter revenues. Quarterly results are also affected by the timing of the release of new products and services. Because of the seasonality of our business, results for any quarter, especially our fourth quarter,
are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be achieved for the full fiscal year. 

26 

Table of Contents

Funds from certain of our auction rate securities may not be accessible within 12 months. 

As of December 31, 2009, we held municipal auction rate securities, of which substantially all were triple-A rated, with
an aggregate par value of approximately $44.8 million, whose underlying assets are generally student loans that are substantially backed by the federal government under the Federal Family Education Loan Program through investment accounts managed by
UBS Financial Services, Inc., or UBS. The market for municipal auction rate securities in our portfolio began experiencing auction failures in 2008 and there have been no successful auctions for the securities held in our portfolio since the
failures began. In November 2008, we formally accepted the terms of a settlement from UBS, or the Settlement. Upon accepting the terms of the Settlement, we received an enforceable, non-transferable right, or the Put Option, that enables us to sell
our auction rate securities back to UBS during the period between June 30, 2010 and July 2, 2012 at par value. We cannot provide any assurance, however, that UBS will have adequate financial resources to fulfill its obligation to us upon
our exercise of the Put Option. Based on our available cash and other investments, however, we do not currently anticipate that the lack of liquidity caused by failed auctions related to these securities will have a material adverse effect on our
operating cash flows or will affect our ability to operate our business as usual. 

27 

Table of Contents