Our operating results
and financial condition have varied in the past and could in the future vary significantly depending on a number of factors. From time to time, information provided by us or statements made by our employees contain “forward-looking”
information that involves risks and uncertainties. In particular, statements contained in this Form 10-K, and in the documents incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K, that are not historical facts, including, but not limited to statements
concerning new products, product development and offerings, Subscription Advantage, Citrix Presentation Server, Citrix NetScaler, Citrix Access Suite and Citrix Access Gateway, product and price competition, Online Services division, competition and
strategy, customer diversification, product price and inventory, contingent consideration payments, deferred revenues, economic and market conditions, potential government regulation, seasonal factors, international operations and expansion, revenue
recognition, profits, growth of revenues, composition of revenues, cost of revenues, operating expenses, sales, marketing and support expenses, general and administrative expenses, research and development expenses, valuations of investments and
derivative instruments, technology relationships, reinvestment or repatriation of foreign earnings, gross margins, amortization expense and intangible assets, interest income, interest expense, impairment charges, anticipated operating and capital
expenditure requirements, cash inflows, contractual obligations, our Credit Facility and Term Loan, in-process research and development, advertising campaigns, tax rates, SFAS 123R, leasing and subleasing activities, acquisitions, stock repurchases,
investment transactions, liquidity, litigation matters, intellectual property matters, distribution channels, stock price, payment of dividends, Advisor Rewards Program, third party licenses and potential debt or equity financings constitute
forward-looking statements and are made under the safe harbor provisions of the Section 27 of the Securities Act of 1933 as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These statements are neither promises
nor guarantees. Our actual results of operations and financial condition have varied and could in the future vary significantly from those stated in any forward-looking statements. The following factors, among others, could cause actual results to
differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this Form 10-K, in the documents incorporated by reference into this Form 10-K or presented elsewhere by our management from time to time. Such factors, among others, could
have a material adverse effect upon our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our long sales cycle for enterprise-wide sales
could cause significant variability in our revenue and operating results for any particular period. 

In recent quarters, a growing
number of our large and medium-sized customers have decided to implement our enterprise customer license arrangements on a department or enterprise-wide basis. Our long sales cycle for these large-scale deployments makes it difficult to predict when
these sales will occur, and we may not be able to sustain these sales on a predictable basis. 

We have a long sales cycle for these
enterprise-wide sales because: 

•

our sales force generally needs to explain and demonstrate the benefits of a large-scale deployment of our product to potential and existing customers prior to sale;

•

our service personnel typically spend a significant amount of time assisting potential customers in their testing and evaluation of our products and services;

•

our customers are typically large and medium size organizations that carefully research their technology needs and the many potential projects prior to making capital expenditures
for software infrastructure; and 

•

before making a purchase, our potential customers usually must get approvals from various levels of decision makers within their organizations, and this process can be lengthy.

The continued long sales cycle for these large-scale deployment sales could make it difficult to predict the quarter in
which sales will occur. Delays in sales could cause significant variability in our revenue and operating results for any particular period. 

11 

Table of Contents

We face intense competition, which could result in fewer customer orders and reduced revenues and margins.

We sell our products in intensely competitive markets. Some of our competitors and potential competitors have significantly greater
financial, technical, sales and marketing and other resources than we do. 

For example, our ability to market the Access Suite and its
individual products including: Presentation Server, Citrix Access Gateway, Password Manager, and other future product offerings could be affected by Microsoft’s licensing and pricing scheme for client devices, servers and applications. Further,
the announcement of the release, and the actual release, of new Windows-based server operating systems or products incorporating similar features to our products could cause our existing and potential customers to postpone or cancel plans to license
certain of our existing and future product and service offerings. 

In addition, alternative products for secure, remote access in the
Internet software and hardware markets directly and indirectly compete with our current product lines and our online services. 

Existing or
new products and services that extend Internet software and hardware to provide Web-based information and application access or high performance interactive computing can materially impact our ability to sell our products and services in this
market. Our current competitors in this market include Microsoft, Cisco Systems, Inc,. IBM Corporation, EMC
2

,
Hewlett- Packard Company, Juniper Networks, Inc., F5 Networks, Inc., Oracle Corporation, Sun Microsystems, Inc., Webex Communications, Inc., Adobe Systems, Inc. and other makers of secure remote access solutions. 

As the markets for our products and services continue to develop, additional companies, including companies with significant market presence in the
computer hardware, software and networking industries, could enter the markets in which we compete and further intensify competition. In addition, we believe price competition could become a more significant competitive factor in the future. As a
result, we may not be able to maintain our historic prices and margins, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Sales of products within our Access Suite product line constitute a majority of our revenue. 

We anticipate that
sales of products within our Access Suite and related enhancements will constitute a majority of our revenue for the foreseeable future. Our ability to continue to generate revenue from our Access Suite products will depend on market acceptance of
Windows Server Operating Systems and/or UNIX Operating Systems. Declines in demand for our Access Suite products could occur as a result of: 

•

new competitive product releases and updates to existing products; 

•

technological change; 

•

general economic conditions; or 

•

lack of success of entities with which we have a technology relationship. 

If our customers do not continue to purchase our Access Suite products as a result of these or other factors, our revenue would decrease and our results of operations and financial condition would be adversely
affected. 

If we do not develop new products and services or enhancements to our existing products and services, our business, results of operations
and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

The markets for our products and services are characterized
by: 

•

rapid technological change; 

•

evolving industry standards; 

•

fluctuations in customer demand; 

•

changes in customer requirements; and 

•

frequent new product and service introductions and enhancements. 

Our future success depends on our ability to continually enhance our current products and services and develop and introduce new products and services that our customers choose to buy. If we are unable to keep pace with technological

12 

Table of Contents

developments and customer demands by introducing new products and services and enhancements, our business, results of operations and financial condition
could be adversely affected. Our future success could be hindered by: 

•

delays in our introduction of new products and services; 

•

delays in market acceptance of new products and services or new releases of our current products and services; and 

•

our, or a competitor’s, announcement of new product or service enhancements or technologies that could replace or shorten the life cycle of our existing product and service
offerings. 

For example, we cannot guarantee that our access infrastructure software will achieve the broad market acceptance
by our channel and entities with which we have a technology relationship, customers and prospective customers necessary to generate significant revenue. In addition, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to respond effectively to technological
changes or new product announcements by others. If we experience material delays or sales shortfalls with respect to our new products and services or new releases of our current products and services, those delays or shortfalls could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We believe that we could incur additional costs and
royalties as we develop, license or buy new technologies or enhancements to our existing products. These added costs and royalties could increase our cost of revenues and operating expenses. However, we cannot currently quantify the costs for such
transactions that have not yet occurred. In addition, we may need to use a substantial portion of our cash and investments to fund these additional costs. 

Our business could be adversely impacted by the failure to renew our agreements with Microsoft for source code access. 

In December 2004, we entered into a five-year technology collaboration and licensing agreement with Microsoft Corporation. The arrangement includes a new technology initiative for closer collaboration on terminal server functionality in
future server operating systems, continued access to source code for key components of Microsoft’s current and future server operating systems, and a patent cross-licensing agreement. This technology collaboration and licensing agreement
replaces the agreement we signed with Microsoft in May 2002 that provided us access to Microsoft Windows Server source code for current and future Microsoft server operating systems, including access to Windows Server 2003 and terminal services
source code. There can be no assurances that our current agreements with Microsoft will be extended or renewed by Microsoft after their respective expirations. In addition, Microsoft could terminate the current agreements before the expiration of
the term for breach or upon a change of control. The early termination or the failure to renew certain terms of these agreements with Microsoft in a manner favorable to us could negatively impact the timing of our release of future products and
enhancements. 

If we fail to manage our operations and grow revenue or fail to continue to effectively control expenses, our future operating results
could be adversely affected. 

Historically, the scope of our operations, the number of our employees and the geographic area of our
operations and our revenue have grown rapidly. In addition, we have acquired both domestic and international companies. This growth and the assimilation of acquired operations and their employees could continue to place a significant strain on our
managerial, operational and financial resources. To manage our current growth and any future growth effectively, we need to continue to implement and improve additional management and financial systems and controls. We may not be able to manage the
current scope of our operations or future growth effectively and still exploit market opportunities for our products and services in a timely and cost-effective way. Our future operating results could also depend on our ability to manage:

•

our expanding product lines; 

•

our marketing and sales organizations; and 

•

our client support organization as installations of our products increase. 

In addition, to the extent our revenue grows, if at all, we believe that our cost of revenues and certain operating expenses could also increase. We believe that we could incur additional costs, including royalties,
as we develop, license or buy new technologies or enhancements to our existing products and services. These added costs and royalties could increase our cost of revenues and operating expenses and lower our gross margins. For example, due to our
recent acquisitions, we currently expect that our future revenue will include a greater level of revenue from hardware sales as compared to our historical level of hardware sales, which we expect will reduce our gross margins from their historical
levels. However, we cannot currently quantify the costs for such transactions that have not yet occurred or of these developing trends in our business. In addition, we may need to use a substantial portion of our cash and investments or issue
additional shares of our common stock to fund these additional costs. 

13 

Table of Contents

We attribute most of our growth during recent years to the introduction of the Presentation Server for
Windows operating systems in mid-1998. We cannot assure you that the access infrastructure software market, in which we operate, will grow. We cannot assure you that the release of our access infrastructure software suite of products or other new
products or services will increase our revenue growth rate. 

We cannot assure you that our operating expenses will be lower than our
estimated or actual revenues in any given quarter. If we experience a shortfall in revenue in any given quarter, we likely will not be able to further reduce operating expenses quickly in response. Any significant shortfall in revenue could
immediately and adversely affect our results of operations for that quarter. Also, due to the fixed nature of many of our expenses and our current expectation for revenue growth, our income from operations and cash flows from operating and investing
activities could be lower than in recent years. 

Acquisitions present many risks, and we may not realize the financial and strategic goals we
anticipate at the time of an acquisition. 

Our growth is dependent upon market growth, our ability to enhance existing products and
services, and our ability to introduce new products and services on a timely basis. We intend to continue to address the need to develop new products and services and enhance existing products and services through acquisitions of other companies,
product lines and/or technologies. 

Acquisitions, including those of high-technology companies, are inherently risky. We cannot assure
anyone that our previous acquisitions, including our recent acquisitions of NetScaler, Inc., or NetScaler, and Teros, Inc., together the 2005 Acquisitions, or any future acquisitions will be successful in helping us reach our financial and strategic
goals either for that acquisition or for us generally. The risks we commonly encounter are: 

•

difficulties and delays integrating the operations, technologies, and products of the acquired companies; 

•

undetected errors or unauthorized use of a third-party’s code in products of the acquired companies; 

•

the risk of diverting management’s attention from normal daily operations of the business; 

•

potential difficulties in completing projects associated with purchased in-process research and development; 

•

risks of entering markets in which we have no or limited direct prior experience and where competitors have stronger market positions and which are highly competitive;

•

the potential loss of key employees of the acquired company; and 

•

an uncertain sales and earnings stream from the acquired company, which could unexpectedly dilute our earnings. 

These factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We cannot guarantee that the combined
company resulting from any acquisition can continue to support the growth achieved by the companies separately. We must also focus on our ability to manage and integrate any acquisition. Our failure to manage growth effectively and successfully
integrate acquired companies could adversely affect our business and operating results. 

Our anticipated benefits of acquiring NetScaler may not be
realized. 

We acquired NetScaler with the expectation that the acquisition would result in various benefits including, among other
things, enhanced revenue and profits, greater market presence and development, and enhancements to our product portfolio and customer base. We expect that the acquisition will enhance our position in the access infrastructure market through the
combination of our technology, products, services, distribution channels and customer contacts with NetScaler’s. Moreover, by adding NetScaler products to our current product portfolio, we expect to enable our customers to further lower costs
and increase the performance of their Presentation Server systems and offer greater performance and lower costs for customers deploying our online applications and services. We may not realize any of these benefits. 

In addition, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits of our acquisition of NetScaler as rapidly as, or to the extent, anticipated by our management
and certain financial or industry analysts, and others may not perceive the same benefits of the acquisition as we do. For example, NetScaler’s contribution to our financial results may not meet the current expectations of our management for a
number of reasons, including the integration risks described below, and could dilute our profits beyond the current expectations of our management. In addition, operations and costs incurred and potential liabilities assumed in connection with our
acquisition of NetScaler also could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. If these risks materialize, our stock price could be materially and adversely affected. 

14 

Table of Contents

If we determine that any of our goodwill or intangible assets, including technology purchased in acquisitions, are
impaired, we would be required to take a charge to earnings, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

We have a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets, such as product and core technology, related to our 2004 Acquisitions and our 2005 Acquisitions. We do not amortize goodwill and intangible assets that are deemed to have
indefinite lives. However, we do amortize certain product and core technologies, trademarks, patents and other intangibles. We periodically evaluate our intangible assets, including goodwill, for impairment at the reporting unit level (operating
segment). As of December 31, 2005, we had $592.0 million of goodwill, of which approximately $234.7 million of goodwill was recorded in connection with our 2005 Acquisitions. We review for impairment annually, or sooner if events or changes in
circumstances indicate that the carrying amount could exceed fair value. Fair values are based on discounted cash flows using a discount rate determined by our management to be consistent with industry discount rates and the risks inherent in our
current business model. Due to uncertain market conditions and potential changes in our strategy and product portfolio, it is possible that the forecasts we use to support our goodwill and other intangible assets could change in the future, which
could result in non-cash charges that would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Furthermore, impairment
testing requires significant judgment, including the identification of reporting units based on our internal reporting structure that reflects the way we manage our business and operations and to which our goodwill and intangible assets would be
assigned. Significant judgments are required to estimate the fair value of our goodwill and intangible assets, including estimating future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates, estimating the applicable tax rates, foreign exchange
rates and interest rates, projecting the future industry trends and market conditions, and making other assumptions. Changes in these estimates and assumptions, including changes in our reporting structure, could materially affect our determinations
of fair value. 

We recorded approximately $310.7 million of goodwill and intangible assets in connection with our 2005 Acquisitions. If the
actual revenues and operating profit attributable to acquired intangible assets are less than the projections we used to initially value these intangible assets when we acquired them, then these intangible assets may be deemed to be impaired. If we
determine that any of the goodwill or other intangible assets associated with our 2004 Acquisitions or our 2005 Acquisitions are impaired, then we would be required to reduce the value of those assets or to write them off completely by taking a
related charge to earnings. If we are required to write down or write off all or a portion of those assets, or if financial analysts or investors believe we may need to take such action in the future, our stock price and operating results could be
materially adversely affected. 

At December 2005, we had $137.3 million, net, of unamortized identified intangibles, which include core and
product technology we purchased in acquisitions or under third party licenses, of which approximately $76.0 million of identified intangible assets was recorded in connection with our 2005 Acquisitions. We currently market the technologies acquired
in our 2004 Acquisitions through our Online Services and Citrix Access Gateway products and the technologies acquired in the 2005 Acquisitions through our Citrix NetScaler products. However, our channel distributors and entities with which we have
technology relationships, customers or prospective customers may not purchase or widely accept our new appliances and continue to accept our Online Services. If we fail to complete the development of our anticipated future product and service
offerings, including product offerings acquired through the NetScaler acquisition, if we fail to complete them in a timely manner, or if we are unsuccessful in selling any new lines of products, appliances and services, we could determine that the
value of the purchased technology is impaired in whole or in part and take a charge to earnings. We could also incur additional charges in later periods to reflect costs associated with completing those projects that could not be completed in a
timely manner. An impairment charge could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. If the actual revenues and operating profit attributable to acquired product and core technologies are less than the projections we used to
initially value product and core technologies when we acquired it, such intangible assets may be deemed to be impaired. If we determine that any of our intangible assets are impaired, we would be required to take a related charge to earnings that
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

Our business could be adversely impacted by conditions affecting the information
technology market. 

The demand for our products and services depends substantially upon the general demand for business-related
computer hardware and software, which fluctuates based on numerous factors, including capital spending levels, the spending levels and growth of our current and prospective customers and general economic conditions. Fluctuations in the demand for
our products and services could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. In the past, adverse economic conditions decreased demand for our products and negatively impacted our financial results.
Future economic projections for the information technology sector are uncertain. If an uncertain information technology spending environment persists, it could negatively impact our business, results of operations and financial condition.

15 

Table of Contents

Our business could be adversely affected if we are unable to expand and diversify our distribution channels.

We currently intend to continue to expand our distribution channels by leveraging our relationships with independent hardware and
software vendors and system integrators to encourage them to recommend or distribute our products. In addition, an integral part of our strategy is to diversify our base of channel relationships by adding more channel members with abilities to reach
larger enterprise customers and to sell our newer products. This will require additional resources, as we will need to expand our internal sales and service coverage of these customers. If we fail in these efforts and cannot expand or diversify our
distribution channels, our business could be adversely affected. In addition to this diversification of our base, we will need to maintain a healthy mix of channel members who cater to smaller customers. We may need to add and remove distribution
members to maintain customer satisfaction and a steady adoption rate of our products, which could increase our operating expenses. Through our accessPARTNER network, Citrix Authorized Learning Centers and other programs, we are currently investing,
and intend to continue to invest, significant resources to develop these channels, which could reduce our profits. 

We could change our licensing
programs, which could negatively impact the timing of our recognition of revenue. 

We continually re-evaluate our licensing
programs, including specific license models, delivery methods, and terms and conditions, to market our current and future products and services. We could implement new licensing programs, including offering specified and unspecified enhancements to
our current and future product and service lines. Such changes could result in recognizing revenues over the contract term as opposed to upon the initial shipment or licensing of our software product. We could implement different licensing models in
certain circumstances, for which we would recognize licensing fees over a longer period. Changes to our licensing programs, including the timing of the release of enhancements, discounts and other factors, could impact the timing of the recognition
of revenue for our products, related enhancements and services and could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. 

Sales of
our Subscription Advantage product constitute substantially all of our License Updates revenue and a large portion of our deferred revenue. 

We anticipate that sales of our Subscription Advantage product will continue to constitute a substantial portion of our License Updates revenue. Our ability to continue to generate both recognized and deferred revenue from our Subscription
Advantage product will depend on our customers continuing to perceive value in automatic delivery of our software upgrades and enhancements. A decrease in demand for our Subscription Advantage product could occur as a result of a decrease in demand
for our Access Suite products. If our customers do not continue to purchase our Subscription Advantage product, our License Updates revenue and deferred revenue would decrease significantly and our results of operations and financial condition would
be adversely affected. 

As our international sales and operations grow, we could become increasingly subject to additional risks that could harm our
business. 

We conduct significant sales and customer support, development and engineering operations in countries outside of the
United States including, as a result of our acquisition of NetScaler, product development in Bangalore, India. During 2005, we derived approximately 50% of our revenues from sales outside the United States. Our continued growth and profitability
could require us to further expand our international operations. To successfully expand international sales, we must establish additional foreign operations, hire additional personnel and recruit additional international resellers. Our international
operations are subject to a variety of risks, which could cause fluctuations in the results of our international operations. These risks include: 

•

compliance with foreign regulatory and market requirements; 

•

variability of foreign economic, political and labor conditions; 

•

changing restrictions imposed by regulatory requirements, tariffs or other trade barriers or by United States export laws; 

•

longer accounts receivable payment cycles; 

•

potentially adverse tax consequences; 

16 

Table of Contents

•

difficulties in protecting intellectual property; 

•

burdens of complying with a wide variety of foreign laws; and 

•

as we generate cash flow in non-U.S. jurisdictions, if required, we may experience difficulty transferring such funds to the U.S. in a tax efficient manner.

Our results of operations are also subject to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. In order to minimize the
impact on our operating results, we generally initiate our hedging of currency exchange risks one year in advance of anticipated foreign currency expenses. As a result of this practice, foreign currency denominated expenses will be higher in the
current year if the dollar was weak in the prior year. If the dollar is strong in the current year, most of the benefits will be reflected in our operating costs. There is a risk that there will be fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates
beyond the one year timeframe for which we hedge our risk. Because the dollar was weak in 2004, operating expenses were generally higher in 2005, although there was some moderating impact due to a stronger dollar since April 2005. 

Our success depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and address these risks. We cannot guarantee that these or other factors will not adversely
affect our business or operating results. 

Our proprietary rights could offer only limited protection. Our products, including products obtained
through acquisitions, could infringe third-party intellectual property rights, which could result in material costs. 

Our efforts to
protect our proprietary rights may not be successful. We rely primarily on a combination of copyright, trademark, patent and trade secret laws, confidentiality procedures and contractual provisions, to protect our proprietary rights. The loss of any
material trade secret, trademark, trade name, patent or copyright could have a material adverse effect on our business. Despite our precautions, it could be possible for unauthorized third parties to copy or reverse engineer certain portions of our
products or to otherwise obtain and use our proprietary information. If we cannot protect our proprietary technology against unauthorized copying or use, we may not remain competitive. Any patents owned by us could be invalidated, circumvented or
challenged. Any of our pending or future patent applications, whether or not being currently challenged, may not be issued with the scope we seek, if at all, and if issued, may not provide any meaningful protection or competitive advantage.

In addition, our ability to protect our proprietary rights could be affected by: 

•

Differences in International Law; Enforceability of Licenses. The laws of some foreign countries do not protect our intellectual property to the same extent as do the laws of the
United States and Canada. For example, we derive a significant portion of our sales from licensing our packaged products under “shrink wrap” or “click-to-accept” license agreements that are not signed by licensees and electronic
enterprise customer licensing arrangements that are delivered electronically, all of which could be unenforceable under the laws of many foreign jurisdictions in which we license our products. 

•

Third Party Infringement Claims. As we expand our product lines, through product development and acquisitions, including the recently completed acquisition of NetScaler, and the
number of products and competitors in our industry segments increase and the functionality of these products overlap, we could become increasingly subject to infringement claims and claims to the unauthorized use of a third-party’s code in our
products. Companies and inventors are more frequently seeking to patent software and business methods because of developments in the law that could extend the ability to obtain such patents. As a result, we could receive more patent infringement
claims. Responding to any infringement claim, regardless of its validity, could result in costly litigation; injunctive relief or require us to obtain a license to intellectual property rights of those third parties. Licenses may not be available on
reasonable terms, on terms compatible with the protection of our proprietary rights, or at all. In addition, attention to these claims could divert our management’s time and attention from developing our business. If a successful claim is made
against us and we fail to develop or license a substitute technology, our business, results of operations, financial condition or cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

We are subject to risks associated with our strategic and technology relationships. 

Our business depends on strategic and technology relationships. We cannot assure you that those relationships will continue in the future. In addition to
our relationship with Microsoft, we rely on strategic or technology relationships with such companies as SAP, International Business Machines Corporation, Hewlett-Packard Company, Dell Inc. and others. We depend on the entities with which we have
strategic or technology relationships to successfully test our products, to incorporate our technology into their products and to market and sell those products. We cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our current strategic and
technology relationships or to develop additional strategic and technology 

17 

Table of Contents

relationships. If any entities in which we have a strategic or technology relationship are unable to incorporate our technology into their products or to
market or sell those products, our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

If we lose access to
third party licenses, releases of our products could be delayed. 

We believe that we will continue to rely, in part, on third party
licenses to enhance and differentiate our products. Third party licensing arrangements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, including: 

•

undetected errors or unauthorized use of another person’s code in the third party’s software; 

•

disagreement over the scope of the license and other key terms, such as royalties payable; 

•

infringement actions brought by third party licensees; and 

•

termination or expiration of the license. 

If we lose or
are unable to maintain any of these third party licenses or are required to modify software obtained under third party licenses, it could delay the release of our products. Any delays could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of
operations and financial condition. 

Our success depends on our ability to attract and retain and further penetrate large enterprise customers.

We must retain and continue to expand our ability to reach and penetrate large enterprise customers by adding effective channel
distributors and expanding our consulting services. Our inability to attract and retain large enterprise customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Large enterprise customers
usually request special pricing and generally have longer sales cycles, which could negatively impact our revenues. By granting special pricing, such as bundled pricing or discounts, to these large customers, we may have to defer recognition of some
or all of the revenue from such sales. This deferral could reduce our revenues and operating profits for a given reporting period. Additionally, as we attempt to attract and penetrate large enterprise customers, we may need to increase corporate
branding and marketing activities, which could increase our operating expenses. These efforts may not proportionally increase our operating revenues and could reduce our profits. 

Our success may depend on our ability to attract and retain small-sized customers. 

In order
to successfully attract new customer segments to our Presentation Server products and expand our existing relationships with enterprise customers, we must reach and retain small-sized customers and small project initiatives within our larger
enterprise customers. We have begun a marketing initiative to reach these customers that includes extending our Advisor Rewards program to include a broader range of license types. In 2005, we also introduced a new product, Citrix Access
Essentials
TM

, specifically developed, packaged and priced to bring secure application virtualization and efficient
centralized management of information resources to small and mid-sized businesses. We cannot guarantee that our small-sized customer marketing initiative or new product will be successful. Our failure to attract and retain small sized customers and
small project initiatives within our larger enterprise customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Additionally, as we attempt to attract and retain small sized customers and small
project initiatives within our larger enterprise customers, we may need to increase corporate branding and broaden our marketing activities, which could increase our operating expenses. These efforts may not proportionally increase our operating
revenues and could reduce our profits. 

We rely on indirect distribution channels and major distributors that we do not control. 

We rely significantly on independent distributors and resellers to market and distribute our products and appliances. We do not control our
distributors and resellers. Additionally, our distributors and resellers are not obligated to buy our products and could also represent other lines of products. Some of our distributors and resellers maintain inventories of our packaged products for
resale to smaller end-users. If distributors and resellers reduce their inventory of our packaged products, our business could be adversely affected. Further, we could maintain individually significant accounts receivable balances with certain
distributors. The financial condition of our distributors could deteriorate and distributors could significantly delay or default on their payment obligations. Any significant delays or defaults could have a material adverse effect on our business,
results of operations and financial condition. 

18 

Table of Contents

Our products could contain errors that could delay the release of new products and may not be detected until after
our products are shipped. 

Despite significant testing by us and by current and potential customers, our products, especially new
products or releases or acquired products, could contain errors. In some cases, these errors may not be discovered until after commercial shipments have been made. Errors in our products could delay the development or release of new products and
could adversely affect market acceptance of our products. Additionally, our products depend on third party products, which could contain defects and could reduce the performance of our products or render them useless. Because our products are often
used in mission-critical applications, errors in our products or the products of third parties upon which our products rely could give rise to warranty or other claims by our customers. 

If we lose key personnel or cannot hire enough qualified employees, our ability to manage our business could be adversely affected. 

Our success depends, in large part, upon the services of a number of key employees. Except for certain key employees of acquired businesses, we do not
have long-term employment agreements with any of our key personnel. Any officer or employee can terminate his or her relationship with us at any time. The effective management of our growth, if any, could depend upon our ability to retain our highly
skilled technical, managerial, finance and marketing personnel. If any of those employees leave, we will need to attract and retain replacements for them. We also need to add key personnel in the future. The market for these qualified employees is
competitive. We could find it difficult to successfully attract, assimilate or retain sufficiently qualified personnel in sufficient numbers. Furthermore, we may hire key personnel in connection with our future acquisitions; however, any of these
employees will be able to terminate his or her relationship with us at any time. If we cannot retain and add the necessary staff and resources for these acquired businesses, our ability to develop acquired products, markets and customers could be
adversely affected. Also, we may need to hire additional personnel to develop new products, product enhancements and technologies. If we cannot add the necessary staff and resources, our ability to develop future enhancements and features to our
existing or future products could be delayed. Any delays could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our synthetic lease is an off-balance sheet arrangement that could negatively affect our financial condition and results. 

In April 2002, we entered into a seven-year synthetic lease with a lessor for our headquarters office buildings in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The synthetic lease qualifies for operating lease accounting treatment under SFAS No. 13,
Accounting for Leases, so we do not include the property or the associated lease debt on our consolidated balance sheet. However, if the lessor were to change its ownership of our property or significantly change its ownership of other