The financial markets are subject to volatility and disruptions, which have in the past, and may in the future, adversely affect our business, including by affecting the cost of new capital, our ability to refinance our scheduled debt maturities and meet our other obligations as they come due.  The economic downturn has adversely affected our business and may continue to do so.

The capital and credit markets experience volatility and disruption.  In the fourth quarter of 2008, the volatility and disruption reached extreme levels.  At times, the markets have exerted extreme downward pressure on stock prices and upward pressure on the cost of new debt capital and have severely restricted credit availability for most issuers.

The market disruptions have been accompanied by a broader economic downturn, which has led to lower demand for our products, such as cable television services and entertainment, as well as lower levels of television and newspaper advertising, and increased incidence of customers' inability to pay for the services we provide.  Continuation or worsening of these conditions may further adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial position.

We rely on the capital markets, particularly for offerings of debt securities, as well as the credit markets, to meet our financial commitments and liquidity needs.  Disruptions and/or volatility in the capital and credit markets could adversely affect our ability to refinance on satisfactory terms, or at all, our scheduled debt maturities and could adversely affect our ability to draw on our revolving credit facilities.

A continuation or worsening of the economic downturn may impact our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions in our indentures, credit facilities and agreements governing our other indebtedness and may impact our ability to pay our indebtedness as it comes due.  If we do not repay our debt obligations when they become due and do not otherwise comply with the covenants and restrictions in our indentures, credit facilities and agreements governing our other indebtedness, we would be in default under those agreements, and the debt incurred under those agreements could then be declared immediately due and payable.  In addition, any default under our indentures, credit facilities or agreements governing our other indebtedness could lead to an acceleration of debt under other debt instruments that contain cross acceleration or cross-default provisions.  If the indebtedness under our indentures, credit facilities and our other debt instruments were accelerated, we would not have sufficient assets to repay amounts due thereunder.  To avoid a default, we could be required to defer capital expenditures, sell assets, seek strategic investments from third parties or reduce or eliminate dividend payments and stock repurchases or other discretionary uses of cash.  However, if such measures were to become necessary, there can be no assurance that we would be able to sell sufficient assets or raise strategic investment capital sufficient to meet our scheduled debt maturities as they come due.  In addition, any significant reduction in necessary capital expenditures could adversely affect our ability to retain our existing customer base and obtain new customers which would adversely affect our future operating results, cash flows and financial position.

Disruptions in the capital and credit markets can also result in higher interest rates on publicly issued debt securities and increased costs under credit facilities.  Such disruptions would increase our interest expense, adversely affecting our results of operations and financial position.

(27)

Table of Contents

Our access to funds under our revolving credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the financial institutions that are parties to those facilities to meet their funding commitments.  Those financial institutions may not be able to meet their funding commitments if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests within a short period of time. Moreover, the obligations of the financial institutions under our revolving credit facilities are several and not joint and, as a result, a funding default by one or more institutions does not need to be made up by the others.

Longer term, volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation of financial institutions, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to the liquidity needed for our businesses.  Such disruptions could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding for our business needs can be arranged.

We have substantial indebtedness and we are highly leveraged, which reduces our capability to withstand adverse developments or business conditions.

We have incurred substantial amounts of indebtedness to finance operations, to upgrade our cable plant and acquire other cable television systems, programming networks, sources of programming and other businesses.  We also have incurred substantial indebtedness in order to offer our new or upgraded services to our current and potential customers and to pursue activities outside our core businesses such as our acquisitions of an electronics retailer, Clearview Cinemas, Newsday and our development of Rainbow DBS. In 2006, CSC Holdings incurred $3.5 billion of debt, approximately $3.0 billion of which was distributed to Cablevision to fund a $10 per share dividend on its common stock and approximately $414 million of which was used to repay existing indebtedness, including interest, fees and expenses.  In December 2010, we incurred approximately $1.4 billion of indebtedness to finance our acquisition of Bresnan Cable.  We may continue to incur substantial amounts of debt in the future.  At December 31, 2010, our total indebtedness aggregated approximately $12.8 billion.  Because of our substantial indebtedness, we are highly leveraged and we will continue to be highly leveraged.  This means that our payments on our borrowings are significant in relation to our revenues and cash flow.  This leverage exposes us to significant risk in the event of downturns in our businesses (whether through competitive pressures or otherwise), in our industries or in the economy generally, because although our cash flows would decrease in this scenario, our required payments in respect of indebtedness would not.

We have in past periods incurred substantial losses from continuing operations, we have a significant stockholders' deficiency, and we may in the future incur net losses which could be substantial, which may reduce our ability to raise needed capital.

We have in the past reported losses from continuing operations and we may in the future incur significant operating losses.  Significant operating losses may limit our ability to raise needed financing, or to do so on favorable terms, as such losses could be taken into account by the organizations that issue investment ratings on our indebtedness.

A lowering or withdrawal of the ratings assigned to our debt securities by ratings agencies may further increase our future borrowing costs and reduce our access to capital.

The debt ratings for our notes are below the "investment grade" category, which results in higher borrowing costs as well as a reduced pool of potential purchasers of our debt as some investors will not purchase debt securities that are not rated in an investment grade rating category.  In addition, there can be no assurance that any rating assigned will remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency, if in that rating agency's judgment, future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating, such as adverse changes, so warrant.  A lowering or withdrawal of a rating may further increase our future borrowing costs and reduce our access to capital.

(28)

Table of Contents

Our ability to meet our obligations under our indebtedness may be restricted by limitations on our subsidiaries' ability to send us funds.

Cablevision's sole subsidiary is CSC Holdings.  CSC Holdings' principal subsidiaries include various entities that own cable television systems and interests in programming networks.  Cablevision's ability to pay interest on and repay principal of its outstanding indebtedness is dependent upon the operations of CSC Holdings and its subsidiaries and the distributions or other payments of the cash they generate to Cablevision in the form of distributions, loans or advances.  Similarly, CSC Holdings' ability to pay interest and principal on its indebtedness is dependent in part on distributions from its subsidiaries.  The Company's subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any amounts due on the Company's indebtedness or to make any funds available to the Company to do so.  Rainbow National Services LLC, which we refer to as RNS, and Bresnan Cable are each a party to a credit agreement and indentures that contain various financial and operating covenants that restrict the payment of dividends or other distributions.  In addition, Newsday LLC is a party to a credit agreement that contains various financial and operating covenants that restrict the payment of dividends or other distributions.  In addition, our subsidiaries' creditors, including trade creditors, in the event of a liquidation or reorganization of any subsidiary, would be entitled to a claim on the assets of such subsidiaries, including any assets transferred to those subsidiaries, prior to any of our claims as a stockholder and those creditors are likely to be paid in full before any distribution is made to us.  To the extent that we are a creditor of a subsidiary, our claims could be subordinated to any security interest in the assets of that subsidiary and/or any indebtedness of that subsidiary senior to that held by us.

Our ability to incur debt and the use of our funds are limited by significant restrictive covenants in financing agreements.

Our credit facilities and debt instruments contain various financial and operating covenants that, among other things, require the maintenance of financial ratios and restrict the relevant borrower's ability to incur debt from other sources and to use funds for various purposes, including investments in some subsidiaries.  Violation of these covenants could result in a default that would permit the parties who have lent money under such credit facilities and such other debt instruments to:

·

restrict the ability to borrow undrawn funds under such credit facilities, and

·

require the immediate repayment of the borrowings thereunder.

These events would be likely to have a material adverse effect on the value of our debt and equity securities.

We will need to raise significant amounts of funding over the next several years to fund capital expenditures, repay existing obligations and meet other obligations and the failure to do so successfully could adversely affect our business.  We may also engage in extraordinary transactions that involve the incurrence of large amounts of debt.

Our business is very capital intensive.  Operating and maintaining our cable television plant requires significant amounts of cash payments to third parties.  Capital expenditures for our businesses were $840.5 million, $750.9 million and $853.9 million, in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively, and primarily include payments for consumer premises equipment, such as new digital video cable boxes and modems, as well as infrastructure and capital expenditures related to our cable and Optimum Lightpath telecommunications networks, in addition to the capital requirements of our other businesses.  We expect these capital expenditures to continue to be significant over the next several years, as we continue to market our services such as digital video, high-speed data and voice (including enhancements to our service offerings such as WiFi) to our customers.  Some of our subsidiaries have substantial future capital commitments in the form of long-term contracts that require substantial payments over a long period of time.  For example, our various program rights obligations almost always involve multi-year contracts that are difficult and expensive to terminate.  We will not be able to generate sufficient cash internally to fund anticipated capital expenditures, meet these obligations and repay our indebtedness at maturity.  Accordingly, we will have to do one or more of the following:

(29)

Table of Contents

·

refinance existing obligations to extend maturities,

·

raise additional capital, through debt or equity issuances or both,

·

cancel or scale back current and future spending programs, or

·

sell assets or interests in one or more of our businesses.

However, you should not assume that we will be able to refinance existing obligations or raise any required additional capital or to do so on favorable terms.  Borrowing costs related to future capital raising activities may be significantly higher than our current borrowing costs and we may not be able to raise additional capital on favorable terms, or at all, if unsettled conditions in financial markets continue to exist.  If we are unable to pursue our current and future spending programs, we may be forced to cancel or scale back those programs.  Our choice of which spending programs to cancel or reduce may be limited.  Failure to successfully pursue our capital expenditure and other spending plans could materially and adversely affect our ability to compete effectively.  It is possible that in the future we may also engage in extraordinary transactions and such transactions could result in the incurrence of substantial additional indebtedness.

Our financial performance may be harmed by the significant and credible risks of competition in our Telecommunications Services segment.

Competition in our various business segments could adversely affect our business and financial results and our ability to service our debt.  This risk is heightened by the rapid technological change inherent in our business and the need to acquire, develop and adopt new technology to differentiate our products and services from our competitors.  We may need to anticipate far in advance which technology we should use for the development of new products and services or the enhancement of existing products and services.  In addition, changes in the regulatory and legislative environments may result in changes to the competitive landscape.

Our cable television systems compete with a variety of video programming distribution systems, including broadcast television stations, direct broadcast satellite systems, incumbent telephone companies, satellite master antenna television systems, open video system operators like RCN.  In our New York metropolitan service area, we face intense competition from two incumbent telephone companies, Verizon and AT&T, which offer video programming in addition to their voice and high-speed Internet access services, and compete across all of our telecommunications products.  Verizon has constructed fiber to the home network plant that passes a significant number of households in our New York metropolitan service area (currently approximately 40% of the households according to our estimates).  Verizon has obtained authority to provide video service (it already has or needs no authority to provide phone and data services) for a majority of these homes passed, on a statewide basis in New Jersey and in numerous local franchises in New York, and all of New York City and in a small portion of Connecticut.  AT&T offers video service in competition with us in most of our Connecticut service area.  Each of these companies has significantly greater financial resources than we do.  The attractive demographics of our New York metropolitan service territory make this region a desirable location for investment in video distribution technologies by these companies.  This intense competition affects our ability to add or retain customers and could lead to pressure upon our pricing of telecommunications services and our ability to expand services purchased by our customers.  Cable television systems also compete with the entities that make digital video recorded movies and programs available for home rental or sale.  Video competition to cable television systems is also possible from the delivery of video content over the Internet directly to subscribers and via wireless technologies.  Cellular phone providers have also begun to offer video content for viewing on wireless handsets.

(30)

Table of Contents

Our high-speed data offering to consumers faces intense competition from other providers of high-speed Internet access including services offered by local telephone providers such as Verizon, AT&T, Qwest and CenturyLink.  Qwest  is being acquired by CenturyLink, subject to regulatory approval.    In addition, DBS providers have tested the use of certain spectrum to offer satellite-based high-speed data services.  Cellular phone providers are also increasing the speeds of their Internet access offerings, and the FCC has made other radio spectrum available for wireless high-speed Internet access.

Our voice service offerings to consumers face intense competition from other providers of voice services, including carriers such as Verizon, AT&T and Qwest and other competitive providers of voice services, as well as VoIP providers like Vonage.

Optimum Lightpath also competes with Verizon, AT&T and other competitive local exchange carriers and long distance companies.  To the extent these competitors decide to reduce their prices, future success of our Optimum Lightpath business may be negatively impacted.  The trend in business communications has been shifting from a wired voice medium to a wireless data medium.  This trend could also negatively impact the future growth of Optimum Lightpath if it were to accelerate.

The success of our programming businesses depends upon the availability of programming that is adequate in quantity and quality, and our ability to obtain carriage of that programming.

Rainbow Media Holdings' programming networks compete in two highly competitive markets.  First, our programming networks compete with other programming networks to obtain distribution on cable television systems and other multichannel video distribution services.  Second, the success of our programming businesses depends upon the availability of programming that is adequate in quantity and quality.  In particular, the national programming networks depend upon the availability of films and television programming in their niche markets.

The national programming networks are parties to film rights agreements giving the networks the right to exhibit the licensed films during specified window periods.  These rights agreements expire at varying times and may be terminated by the other party if we are not in compliance with the terms of the agreement.  In addition, our programming businesses are parties to affiliation agreements with distributors that require those programming businesses to deliver programming that meets certain standards.  To the extent that we do not or are not able to satisfy the quantity, quality or content standards set forth in our affiliation agreements, operators may have the right to terminate those affiliation agreements.  We cannot assure you that our programming businesses will ultimately be successful in negotiating renewals of their rights, program supply or affiliation agreements or in negotiating adequate substitute rights, program supply or affiliation agreements in the event that their rights, program supply or affiliation agreements expire or are terminated.

Our Newsday business has suffered operating losses historically and such losses could continue in the future.

Newsday suffered operating losses of $12.6 million for each of the years ended December 31, 2010 and 2009 and $403.3 million for the period July 30, 2008 through December 31, 2008, which included impairments of goodwill, indefinite-lived intangible assets, and certain long-lived intangible assets of $7.8 million, $2.0 million, and $402.4 million in 2010, 2009 and 2008, respectively.  Operating losses could continue in the future.  In connection with the formation of a company through which we have an approximate 97.2% interest in Newsday, its subsidiary, Newsday LLC incurred $650.0 million of indebtedness under a senior secured credit facility and $630.0 million of the proceeds of these borrowings were paid to Newsday's former owner, Tribune Company.  These borrowings are guaranteed by CSC Holdings.  In addition, at December 31, 2010, Newsday Holdings LLC held $753.7 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by Cablevision.  Newsday LLC has agreed that it will hold Cablevision, CSC Holdings, or RNS senior notes or cash balances in excess of the amount of borrowings outstanding under its senior secured credit facility until it matures.

(31)

Table of Contents

Demand for advertising, increased competition and declines in circulation affect Newsday.

A majority of the revenues of our Newsday business are from advertising.  Expenditures by advertisers generally reflect economic conditions and declines in national and local economic conditions affect demand for advertising and the levels of advertising revenue for Newsday.

Newsday operates in a highly competitive market which may adversely affect advertising and circulation revenues.  Newsday faces significant competition for advertising revenue from a variety of media sources.  The most direct source of competition is other newspapers that reach a similar audience in the same geographic area.  Newsday also faces competition from magazines, shopping guides, yellow pages, websites, broadcast and cable television, radio and direct marketing; particularly if those media sources provide advertising services that could substitute for those provided by Newsday within the same geographic area.  Specialized websites for real estate, automobile and help wanted advertising have become increasingly competitive with our newspapers and websites for classified advertising and further development of additional targeted websites is likely.

Newsday and the newspaper industry generally have also experienced significant declines in advertising and circulation revenue as circulation and readership levels continue to be adversely affected by competition from new media news formats and less reliance on newspapers by some consumers as a source of news, particularly younger consumers.  A prolonged decline in circulation would have a material adverse effect on the rate and volume of advertising revenues.

A significant amount of our book value consists of intangible assets that may not generate cash in the event of a voluntary or involuntary sale.

At December 31, 2010, we reported $8.8 billion of consolidated total assets, of which $2.5 billion were intangible.  Intangible assets include franchises from city and county governments to operate cable television systems, affiliation agreements, and goodwill.  While we believe that the carrying values of our intangible assets are recoverable, you should not assume that we would receive any cash from the voluntary or involuntary sale of these intangible assets, particularly if we were not continuing as an operating business.  We urge you to read carefully our consolidated financial statements contained herein, which provide more detailed information about these intangible assets.

Programming costs of our cable television systems are increasing and we may not have the ability to pass these increases on to our subscribers.

Programming costs paid by our cable television systems are one of our largest categories of expenses.  These costs have increased rapidly and are expected to continue to increase, particularly with respect to costs for sports programming and broadcast networks.  We may not be able to pass programming cost increases on to our subscribers due to the increasingly competitive environment.  If we are unable to pass these increased programming costs on to our subscribers, our operating results would be adversely affected.

We face intense competition in obtaining content for our programming businesses.

Rainbow Media Holdings' programming businesses compete with other programming networks to secure desired programming.  Most of Rainbow Media Holdings' programming is obtained through agreements with other parties that have produced or own the rights to such programming.  Competition for and choices of programming will increase as the number of programming networks increases.  Other programming networks that are affiliated with programming sources such as movie or television studios, or film libraries may have a competitive advantage over Rainbow Media Holdings in this area.

(32)

Table of Contents

Our business is subject to extensive government regulation and changes in current or future laws or regulations could restrict our ability to operate our business as we currently do.

Our cable television and telecommunications businesses are heavily regulated and operate pursuant to detailed statutory and regulatory requirements at the federal, state and local level.  See "Item 1.  Business - Regulation".  In certain of our service areas, state or local franchising authorities extensively regulate the basic rates we may charge our customers for certain of our video services in accordance with FCC rules.  The FCC and state and local governments also regulate us in other ways that affect the daily conduct of our video delivery and video programming businesses, our telephone business and our high-speed Internet access business.  In addition, our businesses are dependent upon governmental authorizations to carry on their operations. See discussion under "Item 1.  Business -Regulation".

Legislative enactments, court actions and federal, state, and local regulatory proceedings frequently modify the terms under which we offer our services and operate.  The results of these legislative, judicial and administrative actions may materially adversely affect our business or results of operations.  New requirements giving third parties access to our network or other assets, for example, could materially affect our ability to compete.  Changes to regulations from which we benefit and on which we depend to run our businesses also could materially affect our operations.  Any action with respect to these or other matters by the courts, Congress, the FCC, the states of New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, Utah, Colorado, Wyoming or Montana, or concerted action by local regulators, the likelihood or extent of which we cannot predict, could have a material adverse effect on us.

Our current franchises are non-exclusive and our franchisors need not renew our franchises.

Our cable television systems are operated primarily under non-exclusive franchise agreements with state or municipal government franchising authorities, with the latter in some states also subject to approval of state regulatory authorities.  Consequently, our business is dependent on our ability to obtain and renew our franchises.  Although we have never lost a franchise as a result of a failure to obtain a renewal, our franchises are subject to non renewal or termination under some circumstances.  In some cases in New York and New Jersey, franchise agreements have not been renewed by the expiration date, and we operate under temporary authority routinely granted from the state while negotiating renewal terms with the franchise authorities. As of December 31, 2010, our ten largest franchise areas comprised approximately 42% of our total basic video customers and of those, six franchises, including two in New York City, comprising approximately 1,015,000 basic video customers, are expired.  We are currently operating in these franchise areas under temporary authority and we are engaged in or have completed negotiations to renew these franchises.  In Montana, Wyoming, Colorado and Utah, franchises must be renewed prior to their expiration date, subject to the protections of federal law.  Bresnan Cable has never lost a franchise.

The MSG Distribution could result in significant tax liability. The Rainbow Distribution, if consummated, will pose similar risks.

We have received a private letter ruling from the IRS to the effect that, among other things, the MSG Distribution, and certain related transactions, will qualify for tax-free treatment under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").

Although a private letter ruling from the IRS generally is binding on the IRS, if the factual representations or assumptions made in the letter ruling request are untrue or incomplete in any material respect, we will not be able to rely on the ruling.  Furthermore, the IRS will not rule on whether a distribution satisfies certain requirements necessary to obtain tax-free treatment under the Code.  Rather, the ruling is based upon our representations that these conditions have been satisfied, and any inaccuracy in such representations could invalidate the ruling.

If the MSG Distribution does not qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then, in general, we would be subject to tax as if we had sold the Madison Square Garden common stock in a taxable sale for its fair value.  Cablevision stockholders would be subject to tax as if they had received a distribution equal to the fair value of Madison Square Garden common stock that was distributed to them, which generally would be treated as a taxable dividend.  It is expected that the amount of any such taxes to Cablevision's stockholders and us would be substantial.

(33)

Table of Contents

We have requested a private letter ruling from the IRS to the effect that the Rainbow Distribution qualifies for tax-free treatment under the Code and, if such ruling is received, the Rainbow Distribution will present similar risks to those presented by the MSG Distribution.

The tax rules applicable to the MSG Distribution may restrict us from engaging in certain corporate transactions or from raising equity capital beyond certain thresholds for a period of time after the MSG Distribution.  The Rainbow Distribution, if consummated, will result in similar restrictions on our activities.

To preserve the tax-free treatment of the MSG Distribution to Madison Square Garden's and Cablevision's stockholders, under a tax disaffiliation agreement between Cablevision and Madison Square Garden, for the two-year period following the MSG Distribution, we will be subject to restrictions with respect to our activities, including restrictions relating to certain issuances or repurchases of Cablevision's common stock, asset sales, mergers and liquidations.

These restrictions may limit Cablevision's ability during that two-year period to pursue strategic transactions of a certain magnitude that involve the issuance or acquisition of Cablevision's stock or engage in new businesses or other transactions that might increase the value of our business.  These restrictions may also limit our ability to raise significant amounts of cash through the issuance of stock, especially if Cablevision's stock price were to suffer substantial declines, or through the sale of certain of our assets.

We have requested a private letter ruling from the IRS to the effect that the Rainbow Distribution qualifies for tax-free treatment under the Code and, if such ruling is received, we will be subject to similar restriction on our activities.

We may not enjoy all of the benefits of scale that we achieved prior to the MSG Distribution and, if it is consummated, the Rainbow Distribution.

Prior to the MSG Distribution we shared benefits of scope and scale in costs and expenses resulting from various factors including financial reporting, costs associated with complying with federal securities laws (including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), tax administration, legal and human resources related functions.  While we entered into agreements with Madison Square Garden that govern a number of our commercial and other relationships after the MSG Distribution, those arrangements do not fully capture the benefits we enjoyed as a result of common ownership prior to the MSG Distribution.  We now carry a relatively larger share of our administrative and other overhead expenses.  The loss of these benefits as a consequence of the MSG Distribution could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.  If the Rainbow Distribution is consummated, it will similarly require us to carry a larger portion of our current level of administrative and other overhead expenses.  In addition, in connection with the proposed Rainbow Distribution, we expect to terminate an agreement pursuant to which CSC Holdings receives a management fee from Rainbow Media Holdings that is based upon the revenues of the AMC and WE tv networks.  This fee, which amounted to approximately $26.5 million in 2010, is eliminated in our consolidated results but is included in the operating income of our Telecommunications Services segment.

(34)

Table of Contents

In connection with the MSG Distribution, we will rely on Madison Square Garden's performance under various agreements and we will be similarly dependant on Rainbow Media if the Rainbow Distribution occurs.

In connection with the MSG Distribution, we entered into various agreements with Madison Square Garden, including a distribution agreement, a tax disaffiliation agreement, a transition services agreement, an employee matters agreement and certain related party arrangements.  These agreements govern our relationship with Madison Square Garden subsequent to the MSG Distribution and provide for the allocation of employee benefits, taxes and certain other liabilities and obligations attributable to periods prior to the MSG Distribution.  These agreements also include arrangements with respect to transition services and a number of on-going commercial relationships.  The distribution agreement includes an agreement that we and Madison Square Garden agree to provide each other with indemnities with respect to liabilities arising out of the businesses we transferred to Madison Square Garden.  We are also party to other arrangements with Madison Square Garden, such as affiliation agreements covering the MSG networks and Fuse.  We and Madison Square Garden will rely on the other to perform its obligations under these agreements.  If Madison Square Garden were to breach or to be unable to satisfy its material obligations under these agreements, including a failure to satisfy its indemnification obligations, we could suffer operational difficulties or significant losses.  We expect to enter into a number of similar agreements with Rainbow Media Holdings in connection with the Rainbow Distribution.

We share certain key executives and directors with Madison Square Garden which means those executives will not devote their full time and attention to our affairs.  We may similarly have overlapping executives or directors with Rainbow Media if the Rainbow Distribution occurs.

As a result of the MSG Distribution, our President and Chief Executive Officer, James L. Dolan, also serves as the Executive Chairman of Madison Square Garden and our Vice Chairman, Hank J. Ratner, serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of Madison Square Garden.  This arrangement is similar to the historical situation whereby Messrs. Dolan and Ratner have served as senior officers of both companies.  As a result, since the MSG Distribution, two senior officers of the Company are not devoting their full time and attention to the Company's affairs.  In addition, eight members of our Board of Directors are also directors of Madison Square Garden.  We may have overlapping officers and directors with Rainbow Media Holdings following the Rainbow Distribution if it is consummated.

Our overlapping directors and executive officers may result in the diversion of corporate opportunities and other potential conflicts.

Our Board of Directors has adopted a policy that acknowledges that directors and officers of the Company may also be serving as directors, officers, employees, consultants or agents of Madison Square Garden and its subsidiaries and that the Company may engage in material business transactions with such entities.  The Company renounced its rights to certain business opportunities and the new policy provides that no director or officer of the Company who is also serving as a director, officer, employee, consultant or agent of Madison Square Garden and its subsidiaries will be liable to the Company or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty that would otherwise exist by reason of the fact that any such individual directs a corporate opportunity (other than certain limited types of opportunities set forth in the policy) to Madison Square Garden or any of its subsidiaries instead of the Company, or does not refer or communicate information regarding such corporate opportunities to the Company.  The policy expressly validates certain contracts, agreements, assignments and transactions (and amendments, modifications or terminations thereof) between the Company and Madison Square Garden and/or any of its subsidiaries and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, provides that the actions of the overlapping directors or officers in connection therewith are not breaches of fiduciary duties owed to the Company, any of its subsidiaries or their respective shareholders.  Similar potential conflicts may exist following the Rainbow Distribution if it is consummated.

(35)

Table of Contents

We are controlled by the Dolan family.  As a result of their control of us, the Dolan family has the ability to prevent or cause a change in control or approve, prevent or influence certain actions by us.

Cablevision has two classes of common stock:

·

Class B common stock, which is generally entitled to ten votes per share and is entitled collectively to elect 75% of the Cablevision Board of Directors, and

·

Class A common stock, which is entitled to one vote per share and is entitled collectively to elect the remaining 25% of the Cablevision Board of Directors.

As of February 11, 2011, the Dolan family, including trusts for the benefit of members of the Dolan family, collectively owned all of Cablevision's Class B common stock, less than 3% of Cablevision's outstanding Class A common stock and approximately 70% of the total voting power of all the outstanding Cablevision common stock.  Of this amount, our Chairman, Charles F. Dolan, beneficially owned approximately 45% of Cablevision's outstanding Class B common stock, less than 1% of Cablevision's outstanding Class A common stock and approximately 32% of the total voting power of all the outstanding Cablevision common stock.  The members of the Dolan family holding Class B common stock have executed a voting agreement that has the effect of causing the voting power of the Class B stockholders to be cast as a block with respect to the election of the directors elected by the Class B stockholders and any change of control transaction.  The Dolan family is able to prevent a change in control of Cablevision and no person interested in acquiring Cablevision will be able to do so without obtaining the consent of the Dolan family.  On May 2, 2007, Cablevision entered into a merger agreement with an entity owned by the Dolan Family Group.  The terms of the merger agreement provided that an entity owned by the Dolan Family Group would be merged with and into Cablevision and, as a result, Cablevision would continue as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of an entity controlled by the Dolan Family Group.  This transaction would have involved the incurrence of approximately $13.9 billion of indebtedness of Cablevision, CSC Holdings and their subsidiaries.  Following the announcement of the execution of the merger agreement, the long-term debt ratings of CSC Holdings' senior and subordinated debt were placed on credit watch with negative implications.  On October 24, 2007, that transaction was submitted to a vote of Cablevision's shareholders and did not receive shareholder approval. Subsequently, the parties terminated the merger agreement pursuant to its terms.  This transaction would have resulted in holders of our Class A common stock receiving a cash payment for their shares and members of the Dolan family owning all of the equity interests in the surviving corporation.  In connection with this proposed merger transaction and prior proposals contemplating similar going private transactions, members of the Dolan family stated that they were only interested in pursuing their proposed transaction and would not sell their stake in Cablevision.  There can be no assurances that the Dolan family will not propose, undertake or consummate a similar transaction in the future.

As a result of the Dolan family's ownership of all of the Class B common stock, the Dolan family has the power to elect all the directors of Cablevision subject to election by holders of Class B common stock.  Those directors constitute a majority of Cablevision's Board of Directors.  In addition, Dolan family members may control stockholder decisions on matters in which holders of all classes of Cablevision common stock vote together as a single class.  These matters could include the amendment of some provisions of Cablevision's certificate of incorporation and the approval of fundamental corporate transactions.  In addition, the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least 66-2⁄3% of the outstanding shares of the Class B common stock, voting separately as a class, is required to approve the authorization or issuance of any additional shares of Class B common stock.  Furthermore, the Dolan family members also have the power to prevent any amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of Cablevision's certificate of incorporation that adversely affects the powers, preferences or rights of the Class B common stock.

(36)

Table of Contents

One purpose of the voting agreement referred to above is to consolidate Dolan family control of Cablevision.  The Dolan family requested Cablevision's Board of Directors to exercise Cablevision's right, as a "controlled company", to opt-out of the New York Stock Exchange listing standards that, among other things, require listed companies to have a majority of independent directors on their board and to have an independent corporate governance and nominating committee.  Cablevision's Board of Directors and the directors elected by holders of Class A common stock each approved this request on March 8, 2004.