Our financial performance may be harmed by the significant and credible risks of competition in our Cable segment.

Competition has adversely affected our business and financial results and may continue to do so.  The effects of competition may adversely affect our ability to service our debt.  This risk is heightened by the rapid technological change inherent in our business and the need to acquire, develop and adopt new technology to differentiate our products and services from our competitors.  We may need to anticipate far in advance which technology we should use for the development of new products and services or the enhancement of existing products and services.  In addition, changes in the regulatory and legislative environments may result in changes to the competitive landscape.

We face intense competition from two incumbent telephone companies, Verizon and AT&T, which offer video programming in addition to their voice and high-speed Internet access services, and compete across all of our telecommunications products.  Verizon has constructed fiber to the home network plant that passes a significant number of households in our service area.  Verizon does not publicly report the extent of their build-out or penetration by area.  We estimate that Verizon is currently able to sell a fiber-based video service to at least half of the households in our service area.  Verizon's build out and video sales activity in our service area is difficult to assess because it is based upon visual inspections and other limited estimating techniques, and therefore our estimate serves only as an approximation.  Verizon has also built its fiber network to areas where we believe it is not currently able to sell its fiber-based video service.  Accordingly, Verizon may increase the number of customers in our service area to whom it is able to sell video in the future.  AT&T (which recently entered into an agreement to sell its Connecticut operation to Frontier Communications) offers video service in competition with us in most of our Connecticut service area.  Verizon and AT&T also market DBS services in our service area.  This competition with Verizon and AT&T negatively impacts our video revenue in these areas and will continue to do so in the future.  Each of these companies has significantly greater financial resources than we do.  The attractive demographics of our New York metropolitan service territory make this region a desirable location for investment in video distribution technologies by these companies.  Verizon and AT&T have made and may continue to make promotional offers to customers in our New York metropolitan service area at prices lower than ours.  This intense competition affects our ability to add or retain customers and creates pressure upon our pricing of our services and our ability to expand services purchased by our customers.  Verizon and AT&T have their own wireless phone facilities and may expand their product offerings to include wireless phone services.  Because we do not have wireless phone facilities, our inability to provide a competitive product offering could adversely affect our competitive position.

(19)

Table of Contents

We also compete in our service area with the two major providers of DBS service in the United States, DISH Network and DirecTV, each with significantly higher numbers of subscribers than we have.  Another source of competition for cable television systems
 is the delivery of video content over the Internet directly to subscribers.
  In addition, consumers are able to watch such Internet-delivered content on Internet-ready television sets, mobile devices and other devices.  Some of these services charge a nominal or no fee for access to their content.  The availability of these services could adversely affect customer demand for our video services, including premium and on-demand services.  Cable television systems also face competition from broadcast television stations, entities that make digital video recorded movies and programs available for home rental or sale, SMATV systems, which generally serve large multiple dwelling units under an agreement with the landlord and service providers that utilize the public rights-of-way and operate an OVS system.  RCN is authorized to operate OVS systems that compete with us in New York City.

Our high-speed data offering to consumers faces intense competition from other providers of high-speed Internet access including services offered by local telephone providers such as Verizon and AT&T.  Verizon offers high speed data services to customers in our footprint in areas where it is  currently able to sell fiber-based video service as well as areas where it is not currently able to sell its fiber-based video service.  Additionally, Verizon has also built its fiber network in areas where we believe it is  not currently able to sell its high-speed data services.  Accordingly, Verizon may increase the number of customers in our service area to whom it is able to sell high-speed data services in the future.  In addition, DBS providers have tested the use of certain spectrum to offer satellite-based high-speed data services.  High-speed Internet access services are increasingly offered by providers of wireless services, including traditional cellular phone carriers and others focused solely on wireless data services, and the FCC has made additional radio spectrum available for these services.

Our voice service offerings to consumers face intense competition from other providers of voice services, including wireline carriers such as Verizon, AT&T, and other competitive providers of voice services, Internet-based providers of VoIP service like Vonage, and wireless providers like Verizon, AT&T, T-Mobile and Sprint.  Verizon offers VoIP services to customers in our footprint in areas where it is currently able to sell fiber-based video service as well as areas where it is not curently able to sell fiber-based video service.  Additionally, Verizon has also built its fiber network in areas where we believe it is not currently able to sell their VoIP services.  Accordingly, Verizon may increase the number of customers in our service area to whom it is able to sell VoIP services in the future.

Lightpath also competes with Verizon, AT&T and other CLECs and long distance companies. ILECs have significant advantages over Lightpath, including greater capital resources, an existing fully operational local network, and long-standing relationships with customers.  To the extent these competitors decide to reduce their prices, future success of our Lightpath business may be negatively impacted.

See a further discussion regarding competition in "Item 1.  Business - Competition".

(20)

Table of Contents

We face significant risks as a result of rapid changes in technology and consumer expectations and behavior.

The telecommunications services industry has undergone significant technological development over time and these changes continue to affect our business.  Such changes have had, and will continue to have, a profound impact on consumer expectations and behavior.  Our video business faces technological change risks as a result of the continuing development of new and changing methods for delivery of programming content such as Internet based delivery of movies, shows and other content which can be viewed on televisions, wireless devices and other developing mobile devices.  A proliferation of delivery systems for video content can adversely affect our ability to attract and retain subscribers and the demand for our services and it can also decrease advertising demand on our delivery systems.  Our high-speed data business faces technological challenges from rapidly evolving wireless Internet solutions.  Our voice service offerings face technological developments in the proliferation of voice delivery systems including those based on Internet and wireless delivery.  If we do not develop or acquire and successfully implement new technologies, we will limit our ability to compete effectively for subscribers, content and advertising.  In addition, we may be required to make material capital and other investments to anticipate and to keep up with technological change.  These challenges could adversely affect our business.

Programming costs of our cable television systems are increasing and we may not have the ability to pass these increases on to our subscribers.  Disputes with programmers can adversely affect our relationship with subscribers and lead to subscriber losses.

Programming costs paid by our cable television systems are one of our largest categories of expenses.  These costs have increased rapidly and are expected to continue to increase, particularly with respect to costs for sports programming and broadcast networks.  We may not be able to pass programming cost increases on to our subscribers due to the increasingly competitive environment.  If we are unable to pass these increased programming costs on to our subscribers, our operating results would be adversely affected.

We attempt to control our programming costs and, therefore, the cost of our video services to our customers by negotiating favorable terms for the renewal of our affiliation agreements with programmers.  On certain occasions in the past, such negotiations have led to disputes with programmers that have resulted in temporary periods where we were not carrying a particular programming service or services.  Such disputes may inconvenience some of our subscribers and can lead to customer dissatisfaction and, in certain cases, the loss of customers.

The financial markets are subject to volatility and disruptions, which have in the past, and may in the future, adversely affect our business, including by affecting the cost of new capital, our ability to refinance our scheduled debt maturities and our ability to meet our other obligations as they come due.

The capital and credit markets experience volatility and disruption.  At times, the markets have exerted extreme downward pressure on stock prices and upward pressure on the cost of new debt capital and have severely restricted credit availability for most issuers.

Market disruptions in the past were accompanied by a broader economic downturn, which led to lower demand for our products, such as cable television services, as well as lower levels of television and newspaper advertising, and increased incidence of customers' inability to pay for the services we provide.  A recurrence of those conditions may further adversely impact our results of operations, cash flows and financial position.

We rely on the capital markets, particularly for offerings of debt securities, as well as the credit markets, to meet our financial commitments and liquidity needs.  Disruptions and/or volatility in the capital and credit markets could adversely affect our ability to refinance on satisfactory terms, or at all, our scheduled debt maturities and could adversely affect our ability to draw on our revolving credit facilities.

(21)

Table of Contents

Economic downturns may impact our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions in our indentures, credit facilities and agreements governing our other indebtedness and may impact our ability to pay our indebtedness as it comes due.  If we do not repay our debt obligations when they become due and do not otherwise comply with the covenants and restrictions in our indentures, credit facilities and agreements governing our other indebtedness, we would be in default under those agreements, and the debt incurred under those agreements could then be declared immediately due and payable.  In addition, any default under our indentures, credit facilities or agreements governing our other indebtedness could lead to an acceleration of debt under other debt instruments that contain cross acceleration or cross-default provisions.  If the indebtedness under our indentures, credit facilities and our other debt instruments were accelerated, we would not have sufficient assets to repay amounts due thereunder.  To avoid a default, we could be required to defer capital expenditures, sell assets, seek strategic investments from third parties or reduce or eliminate dividend payments and stock repurchases or other discretionary uses of cash.  However, if such measures were to become necessary, there can be no assurance that we would be able to sell sufficient assets or raise strategic investment capital sufficient to meet our scheduled debt maturities as they come due.  In addition, any significant reduction in necessary capital expenditures could adversely affect our ability to retain our existing customer base and obtain new customers, which would adversely affect our future operating results, cash flows and financial position.

Disruptions in the capital and credit markets can also result in higher interest rates on publicly issued debt securities and increased costs under credit facilities.  Such disruptions would increase our interest expense, adversely affecting our results of operations and financial position.

Our access to funds under our revolving credit facilities is dependent on the ability of the financial institutions that are parties to those facilities to meet their funding commitments.  Those financial institutions may not be able to meet their funding commitments if they experience shortages of capital and liquidity or if they experience excessive volumes of borrowing requests within a short period of time.  Moreover, the obligations of the financial institutions under our revolving credit facilities are several and not joint and, as a result, a funding default by one or more institutions does not need to be made up by the others.

Longer term, volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets as a result of uncertainty, changing or increased regulation of financial institutions, reduced alternatives or failures of significant financial institutions could adversely affect our access to the liquidity needed for our businesses.  Such disruptions could require us to take measures to conserve cash until the markets stabilize or until alternative credit arrangements or other funding for our business needs can be arranged.

We have substantial indebtedness and we are highly leveraged, which reduces our capability to withstand adverse developments or business conditions.

We have incurred substantial amounts of indebtedness to finance operations, upgrade our cable plant and acquire other cable television systems, sources of programming and other businesses.  We have also incurred substantial indebtedness in order to offer new or upgraded services to our current and potential customers and to pursue activities outside our core businesses, such as our acquisitions of Clearview Cinemas (substantially all of whose assets were sold in 2013), Newsday, an electronics retailer, and our development of Rainbow DBS.  In 2006, CSC Holdings incurred $3.5 billion of debt, approximately $3.0 billion of which was distributed to Cablevision to fund a $10 per share dividend on its common stock and approximately $414 million of which was used to repay existing indebtedness, including interest, fees and expenses.  In December 2010, we incurred approximately $1.4 billion of indebtedness to finance our acquisition of Bresnan Cable, which was sold in 2013.  We may continue to incur substantial amounts of debt in the future.  At December 31, 2013, our total aggregate indebtedness was approximately $9.8 billion.  Because of our substantial indebtedness, we are highly leveraged and we will continue to be highly leveraged.  This means that our payments on our borrowings are significant in relation to our revenues and cash flow.  This leverage exposes us to significant risk in the event of downturns in our businesses (whether through competitive pressures or otherwise), in our industries or in the economy generally, because although our cash flows would decrease in this scenario, our required payments in respect of indebtedness would not.

(22)

Table of Contents

We have in past periods incurred substantial losses from continuing operations, we have a significant stockholders' deficiency, and we may in the future incur losses from continuing operations which could be substantial, which may reduce our ability to raise needed capital.

We have in the past reported losses from continuing operations and we may do so in the future.  Significant losses from continuing operations could adversely affect our ability to comply with the covenants and restrictions in our debt agreements and could limit our ability to raise needed financing, or to do so on favorable terms, as such losses could be taken into account by potential investors, lenders and the organizations that issue investment ratings on our indebtedness.

A lowering or withdrawal of the ratings assigned to our debt securities by ratings agencies may further increase our future borrowing costs and reduce our access to capital.

The debt ratings for our debt securities are below the "investment grade" category, which results in higher borrowing costs as well as a reduced pool of potential purchasers of our debt as some investors will not purchase debt securities that are not rated in an investment grade rating category.  In addition, there can be no assurance that any rating assigned will remain for any given period of time or that a rating will not be lowered or withdrawn entirely by a rating agency, if in that rating agency's judgment, future circumstances relating to the basis of the rating, such as adverse changes, so warrant.  A lowering or withdrawal of a rating may further increase our future borrowing costs and reduce our access to capital.

Our ability to meet our obligations under our indebtedness may be restricted by limitations on our subsidiaries' ability to send us funds.

Cablevision's sole subsidiary is CSC Holdings.  CSC Holdings' principal subsidiaries include various entities that own cable television systems and other businesses.  Cablevision's ability to pay interest and principal on its outstanding indebtedness is dependent upon the operations of CSC Holdings and its subsidiaries and the distributions or other payments of the cash they generate to Cablevision in the form of distributions, loans or advances.  Similarly, CSC Holdings' ability to pay interest and principal on its indebtedness is dependent in part on distributions from its subsidiaries.  The Company's subsidiaries are separate and distinct legal entities and have no obligation, contingent or otherwise, to pay any amounts due on the Company's indebtedness or to make any funds available to the Company to do so.  In addition, Newsday LLC is a party to a credit agreement that contains various financial and operating covenants that restrict the payment of dividends or other distributions.  Also, our subsidiaries' creditors, including trade creditors, in the event of a liquidation or reorganization of any subsidiary, would be entitled to a claim on the assets of such subsidiaries, including any assets transferred to those subsidiaries, prior to any of our claims as a stockholder and those creditors are likely to be paid in full before any distribution is made to us.  To the extent that we are a creditor of a subsidiary, our claims could be subordinated to any security interest in the assets of that subsidiary and/or any indebtedness of that subsidiary senior to that held by us.

Our ability to incur debt and the use of our funds are limited by significant restrictive covenants in financing agreements.

Our credit facilities and debt instruments contain various financial and operating covenants that, among other things, require the maintenance of financial ratios and restrict the relevant borrower's ability to incur debt from other sources and to use funds for various purposes, including investments in some subsidiaries.  Violation of these covenants could result in a default that would permit the parties who have lent money under such credit facilities and such other debt instruments to:

·

restrict the ability to borrow undrawn funds under such credit facilities, and

·

require the immediate repayment of the borrowings thereunder.

These events would be likely to have a material adverse effect on the value of our debt and equity securities.

(23)

Table of Contents

We will need to raise significant amounts of funding over the next several years to fund capital expenditures, repay existing obligations and meet other obligations and the failure to do so successfully could adversely affect our business.  We may also engage in extraordinary transactions that involve the incurrence of large amounts of debt.

Our business is very capital intensive.  Operating and maintaining our cable television plant requires significant amounts of cash payments to third parties.  Capital expenditures for continuing operations were $951.7 million, $991.6 million and $725.9 million, in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively, and primarily include payments for customer premise equipment, such as new digital video cable boxes and modems, as well as infrastructure and capital expenditures related to our cable and Lightpath networks, in addition to the capital requirements of our other businesses.  Historically, we have made substantial investments in the development of new and innovative programming options and other service offerings for our customers as a way of differentiating ourselves from our competitors. For example, we have deployed WiFi  access points throughout our footprint. We expect these capital expenditures to continue to be significant as we further enhance our service offerings.  We have substantial future capital commitments in the form of long-term contracts that require substantial payments over a period of time.  We will not be able to generate sufficient cash internally to fund anticipated capital expenditures, meet these obligations and repay our indebtedness at maturity.  Accordingly, we will have to do one or more of the following:

·

refinance existing obligations to extend maturities;

·

raise additional capital, through debt or equity issuances or both;

·

cancel or scale back current and future spending programs; or

·

sell assets or interests in one or more of our businesses.

However, you should not assume that we will be able to refinance existing obligations or raise any required additional capital or to do so on favorable terms.  Borrowing costs related to future capital raising activities may be significantly higher than our current borrowing costs and we may not be able to raise additional capital on favorable terms, or at all, if unsettled conditions in financial markets recur.  If we are unable to pursue our current and future spending programs, we may be forced to cancel or scale back those programs.  Our choice of which spending programs to cancel or reduce may be limited.  Failure to successfully pursue our capital expenditure and other spending plans could materially and adversely affect our ability to compete effectively.  It is possible that in the future we may also engage in extraordinary transactions and such transactions could result in the incurrence of substantial additional indebtedness.

Our business is subject to extensive government regulation and changes in current or future laws or regulations could restrict our ability to operate our business as we currently do.

Our cable television and other telecommunications businesses are heavily regulated and operate pursuant to detailed statutory and regulatory requirements at the federal, state and local level.  See "Item 1.  Business - Regulation".  In certain of our service areas, state or local franchising authorities regulate the basic service tier rates we may charge our customers for certain of our video services in accordance with FCC rules.  The FCC and state and local governments also regulate us in other ways that affect the daily conduct of our video delivery and video programming businesses, our voice business and our high-speed Internet access businesses.  In addition, our businesses are dependent upon governmental authorizations to carry on their operations. See discussion under "Item 1.  Business -Regulation".

(24)

Table of Contents

Legislative enactments, court actions, and federal, state, and local regulatory proceedings frequently modify the terms under which we offer our services and operate.  The results of these legislative, judicial and administrative actions may materially adversely affect our business or results of operations.  New requirements giving third parties access to our network or other assets, for example, could materially affect our ability to compete.  Changes to regulations from which we benefit and on which we depend to run our businesses also could materially affect our operations.  Any action with respect to these or other matters by the courts, Congress, the FCC, the states of New York, New Jersey, Connecticut, or concerted action by local regulators, the likelihood or extent of which we cannot predict, could have a material adverse effect on us.

On January 10, 2014, the United States Supreme Court decided to hear a case involving Aereo, a company that streams broadcast signals over the Internet for a monthly fee.  Petitioners in the case (mainly, the major broadcast networks) are raising arguments that, if accepted would weaken the legal underpinnings of a 2008 Second Circuit decision upholding the legality of the Company's remote storage DVR (currently branded as "Multi-room DVR").  We believe that the Supreme Court's ultimate decision in the Aereo case will not undermine the legality of the Company's Multi-room DVR, however, if it did so, the Company's business would be adversely affected.

Our current franchises are non-exclusive and our franchisors need not renew our franchises.

Our cable television systems are operated primarily under non-exclusive franchise agreements with state or municipal government franchising authorities, with the latter in some states also subject to approval of state regulatory authorities.  Consequently, our business is dependent on our ability to obtain and renew our franchises.  Although we have never lost a franchise as a result of a failure to obtain a renewal, our franchises are subject to non renewal or termination under some circumstances.  In some cases franchise agreements have not been renewed by the expiration date, and we operate under temporary authority routinely granted from the state while negotiating renewal terms with the franchise authorities.  As of December 31, 2013, our ten largest franchise areas comprised approximately 48% of our total video customers and of those, two franchises, Newark, New Jersey, and the Town of Hempstead, New York, comprising
 an aggregate of approximately 147,000 video customers, are expired.  We are currently lawfully operating in these franchise areas under temporary authority recognized by the States of New Jersey and New York.

A portion of our workforce is represented by labor unions.  Collective bargaining agreements can increase our expenses.  Labor disruptions could adversely affect our operations.

As of December 31, 2013, approximately 500 of our full-time employees were covered by collective bargaining agreements.  In addition, approximately 255 of our technician workforce in Brooklyn, New York are represented by the Communication Workers of America ("CWA").  Negotiations to reach a collective bargaining agreement with the CWA are ongoing.  Collective bargaining agreements with the CWA covering this group of employees or agreements with other unionized employees may increase our expenses.  In addition, any disruptions to our operations due to labor related problems could have an adverse effect on our business.

Our Newsday business has suffered operating losses historically and such losses are expected to continue in the future.

Newsday suffered operating losses of $71.1 million, $47.0 million, and $31.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2013, 2012, and 2011, respectively, which included impairments of intangible assets of $37.5 million, $13.0 million, and $11.0 million in 2013, 2012 and 2011, respectively.  Operating losses are expected to continue in the future.  In connection with the formation of a company through which we have an approximate 97.2% interest in Newsday, its subsidiary, Newsday LLC, incurred $650.0 million of indebtedness under a senior secured loan facility, and $630.0 million of the proceeds of these borrowings were paid to Newsday's former owner, Tribune Company.  Borrowings under Newsday's credit facility (under which $480.0 million was outstanding at December 31, 2013) are guaranteed by CSC Holdings.  In addition, at December 31, 2013, Newsday Holdings LLC held $611.5 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes issued by Cablevision.  Newsday LLC has agreed that it will hold Cablevision or CSC Holdings senior notes or cash balances in excess of the amount of borrowings outstanding under its senior secured credit facility until it matures.

(25)

Table of Contents

Demand for advertising, increased competition and declines in circulation affect Newsday.

A majority of the revenues of our Newsday business are from advertising.  Expenditures by advertisers generally reflect economic conditions and declines in national and local economic conditions affect demand for advertising and the levels of advertising revenue for Newsday.

Newsday operates in a highly competitive market which may adversely affect advertising and circulation revenues.  Newsday faces significant competition for advertising revenue from a variety of media sources.  The most direct source of competition is other newspapers that reach a similar audience in the same geographic area.  Newsday also faces competition from magazines, shopping guides, yellow pages, websites, mobile-device platforms, broadcast and cable television, radio and direct marketing; particularly if those media sources provide advertising services that could substitute for those provided by Newsday within the same geographic area.  Specialized websites for real estate, automobile and help wanted advertising have become increasingly competitive with our newspapers and websites for classified advertising and further development of additional targeted websites is likely.

The newspaper industry generally has experienced significant declines in advertising and circulation revenue as circulation and readership levels continue to be adversely affected by competition from new media news formats and less reliance on newspapers by some consumers as a source of news, particularly younger consumers.  Newsday has experienced similar advertising revenue declines. A prolonged decline in circulation would have a material adverse effect on the rate and volume of advertising revenues.

A significant amount of our book value consists of intangible assets that may not generate cash in the event of a voluntary or involuntary sale.

At December 31, 2013, we reported approximately $6.6 billion of consolidated total assets, of which approximately $1.1 billion were intangible.  Intangible assets include franchises from city and county governments to operate cable television systems and goodwill.  While we believe that the carrying values of our intangible assets are recoverable, you should not assume that we would receive any cash from the voluntary or involuntary sale of these intangible assets, particularly if we were not continuing as an operating business.  We urge you to read carefully our consolidated financial statements contained herein, which provide more detailed information about these intangible assets.

We rely on network and information systems for our operations, and a disruption or failure of those systems may disrupt our operations.

We have in place layered and multi-threaded security systems designed to protect against intentional or unintentional disruption, failure, misappropriation or corruption of our network and information systems.  A problem of this type might be caused by events such as computer hacking, computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive software, "cyber attacks" and other malicious activity, as well as natural disasters, power outages, terrorist attacks and similar events.  Such events could have an adverse impact on us and our customers, including degradation of service, service disruption, excessive call volume to call centers and damage to our plant, equipment and data.  In addition, our future results could be adversely affected due to the theft, destruction, loss, misappropriation or release of confidential customer data or intellectual property.  Operational or business delays may result from the disruption of network or information systems and the subsequent remediation activities.  Moreover, these events may create negative publicity resulting in reputation or brand damage with customers.

(26)

Table of Contents

We have expended, and expect to continue to spend in the future, significant amounts to protect our network and information systems; however, there can be no assurance that these efforts will prevent any of the problems identified above.

The MSG Distribution and the AMC Networks Distribution could result in significant tax liability.

We have received private letter rulings from the IRS to the effect that, among other things, the MSG Distribution and the AMC Networks Distribution and certain related transactions, will qualify for tax-free treatment under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code").

Although a private letter ruling from the IRS generally is binding on the IRS, if the factual representations or assumptions made in the letter ruling request are untrue or incomplete in any material respect, we will not be able to rely on the ruling.  Furthermore, the IRS will not rule on whether a distribution satisfies certain requirements necessary to obtain tax-free treatment under the Code.  Rather, the ruling is based upon our representations that these conditions have been satisfied, and any inaccuracy in such representations could invalidate the ruling.

If the MSG Distribution or the AMC Networks Distribution does not qualify for tax-free treatment for U.S. federal income tax purposes, then, in general, we would be subject to tax as if we had sold the Madison Square Garden common stock or AMC Networks common stock, as the case may be, in a taxable sale for its fair value.  Cablevision stockholders would be subject to tax as if they had received a distribution equal to the fair value of Madison Square Garden common stock or AMC Networks common stock, as the case may be, that was distributed to them, which generally would be treated as a taxable dividend.  It is expected that the amount of any such taxes to Cablevision's stockholders and us would be substantial.

We may not enjoy all of the benefits of scale that we achieved prior to the MSG Distribution and the AMC Networks Distribution.

Prior to the MSG Distribution and the AMC Networks Distribution, we shared benefits of scope and scale in costs and expenses resulting from various factors including financial reporting, costs associated with complying with federal securities laws (including compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002), tax administration, legal and human resources related functions.  While we entered into agreements with Madison Square Garden and AMC Networks that govern a number of our commercial and other relationships after the MSG Distribution and AMC Networks Distribution, those arrangements do not fully capture the benefits we enjoyed as a result of common ownership prior thereto.  In addition, in connection with the AMC Networks Distribution, we terminated an agreement pursuant to which we received a management fee that was based upon revenues of the AMC and WE tv networks.  This fee, which amounted to approximately $14.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2011, was previously included in the operating income of our Telecommunications Services segment and has been reclassified to discontinued operations.  As a result of the MSG Distribution and the AMC Networks Distribution, we now carry a relatively larger share of our administrative and other overhead expenses.  The loss of these benefits as a consequence of the MSG Distribution and AMC Networks Distribution could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition.

(27)

Table of Contents

In connection with the MSG Distribution and AMC Networks Distribution, we will rely on Madison Square Garden's and AMC Networks' performance under various agreements.

In connection with the MSG Distribution and the AMC Networks Distribution, we entered into various agreements with Madison Square Garden and AMC Networks, respectively, including a distribution agreement, a tax disaffiliation agreement, a transition services agreement, an employee matters agreement and certain related party arrangements.  These agreements govern our relationship with those entities subsequent to the distributions and provide for the allocation of employee benefits, taxes and certain other liabilities and obligations attributable to periods prior to the distributions.  These agreements also include arrangements with respect to transition services and a number of on-going commercial relationships.  The distribution agreements include agreements that we and those entities agree to provide each other with indemnities with respect to liabilities arising out of the businesses we transferred to those entities.  We are also party to other arrangements with Madison Square Garden and AMC Networks, such as affiliation agreements covering the MSG networks and Fuse, AMC, WE tv, IFC and Sundance Channel.  We and these entities will rely on the other to perform its obligations under these agreements.  If Madison Square Garden or AMC Networks were to breach or to be unable to satisfy its material obligations under these agreements, including a failure to satisfy its indemnification obligations, we could suffer operational difficulties or significant losses.

We share certain key executives and directors with Madison Square Garden and AMC Networks, which means those executives will not devote their full time and attention to our affairs.

As a result of the AMC Networks Distribution, our Chairman, Charles F. Dolan, serves as Executive Chairman of AMC Networks.  As a result of the MSG Distribution, our President and Chief Executive Officer, James L. Dolan, also serves as the Executive Chairman of Madison Square Garden and our Vice Chairman, Hank J. Ratner, serves as President and Chief Executive Officer of Madison Square Garden.  This arrangement is similar to the historical situation whereby Messrs. Dolan and Ratner have served as senior officers of Madison Square Garden and Charles F. Dolan provided senior leadership to our Rainbow segment.  As a result, since the MSG Distribution and AMC Networks Distribution, three senior officers of the Company are not devoting their full time and attention to the Company's affairs.  In addition, eight members of our Board of Directors are also directors of Madison Square Garden and eight members of our Board of Directors are also directors of AMC Networks.

Our overlapping directors and executive officers may result in the diversion of corporate opportunities and other potential conflicts.

Our Board of Directors has adopted a policy that acknowledges that directors and officers of the Company may also be serving as directors, officers, employees or agents of Madison Square Garden or AMC Networks and their respective subsidiaries and that the Company may engage in material business transactions with such entities.  The Company renounced its rights to certain business opportunities and the new policy provides that no director or officer of the Company who is also serving as a director, officer, employee or agent of Madison Square Garden or AMC Networks and their respective subsidiaries will be liable to the Company or its stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty that would otherwise exist by reason of the fact that any such individual directs a corporate opportunity (other than certain limited types of opportunities set forth in the policy) to Madison Square Garden or AMC Networks or any of their respective subsidiaries instead of the Company, or does not refer or communicate information regarding such corporate opportunities to the Company.  The policy expressly validates certain contracts, agreements, assignments and transactions (and amendments, modifications or terminations thereof) between the Company and Madison Square Garden or AMC Networks and/or any of their respective subsidiaries and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, provides that the actions of the overlapping directors or officers in connection therewith are not breaches of fiduciary duties owed to the Company, any of its subsidiaries or their respective stockholders.

We are controlled by the Dolan family.  As a result of their control of us, the Dolan family has the ability to prevent or cause a change in control or approve, prevent or influence certain actions by us.

Cablevision has two classes of common stock:

·

Class B common stock, which is generally entitled to ten votes per share and is entitled collectively to elect 75% of the Cablevision Board of Directors, and

·

Class A common stock, which is entitled to one vote per share and is entitled collectively to elect the remaining 25% of the Cablevision Board of Directors.

(28)

Table of Contents

As of February 21, 2014, the Dolan family, including trusts for the benefit of members of the Dolan family, collectively beneficially owned all of Cablevision's Class B common stock, approximately 2% of Cablevision's outstanding Class A common stock and approximately 72% of the total voting power of all the outstanding Cablevision common stock.  Of this amount, our Chairman, Charles F. Dolan, beneficially owned approximately 59% of Cablevision's outstanding Class B common stock, less than 1% of Cablevision's outstanding Class A common stock and approximately 43% of the total voting power of all the outstanding Cablevision common stock.  The members of the Dolan family holding Class B common stock have executed a stockholders’ agreement pursuant to which, among other things, the voting power of the Class B stockholders will be cast as a block with respect to all matters to be voted on by the Class B stockholders.  The Dolan family is able to prevent a change in control of Cablevision and no person interested in acquiring Cablevision will be able to do so without obtaining the consent of the Dolan family.  In the past, the Dolan family has made proposals to take Cablevision private, including a 2007 transaction that was submitted to a vote of Cablevision's stockholders but that did not receive shareholder approval.  In each such case, the Dolan family stated that they were only interested in pursuing their proposed transaction and would not sell their stake in Cablevision.  There can be no assurances that the Dolan family will not propose, undertake or consummate a similar transaction in the future.

As a result of the Dolan family's ownership of all of the Class B common stock, the Dolan family has the power to elect all the directors of Cablevision subject to election by holders of Class B common stock.  Those directors constitute a majority of Cablevision's Board of Directors.  In addition, Dolan family members may control stockholder decisions on matters in which holders of all classes of Cablevision common stock vote together as a single class.  These matters could include the amendment of some provisions of Cablevision's certificate of incorporation and the approval of fundamental corporate transactions.  In addition, the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least 66-2⁄3% of the outstanding shares of the Class B common stock, voting separately as a class, is required to approve the authorization or issuance of any additional shares of Class B common stock.  Furthermore, the Dolan family members also have the power to prevent any amendment, alteration or repeal of any of the provisions of Cablevision's certificate of incorporation that adversely affects the powers, preferences or rights of the Class B common stock.

One purpose of the stockholders’ agreement referred to above is to consolidate Dolan family control of Cablevision.  The Dolan family requested Cablevision's Board of Directors to exercise Cablevision's right, as a "controlled company", to opt-out of the New York Stock Exchange listing standards that, among other things, require listed companies to have a majority of independent directors on their board and to have an independent corporate governance and nominating committee.  Cablevision's Board of Directors and the directors elected by holders of Class A common stock each approved this request on March 8, 2004.