Our business is subject to various industry,
economic, regulatory and other risks and uncertainties. These risks include those described below and may include additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial. 

Inability to realize the cost savings and other benefits of the Caremark Merger. 

We may not be able to achieve all of the anticipated operating and cost synergies or long-term strategic benefits of the Caremark Merger. An inability to realize the full extent of, or any of, the anticipated benefits
of the merger could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations, which may affect the value of the shares of our common stock. 

Efforts to reduce reimbursement levels and alter healthcare financing practices could adversely affect our businesses. 

The continued efforts of health maintenance organizations, managed care organizations, other PBM companies, government entities, and other third party payors to reduce prescription drug costs and pharmacy reimbursement rates may impact our
profitability. In particular, increased utilization of generic pharmaceuticals (which normally yield a higher gross profit rate than equivalent brand named drugs), has resulted in pressure to decrease reimbursement payments to retail and mail order
pharmacies for generic drugs, causing a reduction in the generic profit rate. In addition, during the past several years, the U.S. healthcare industry has been subject to an increase in governmental regulation at both the federal and state levels.
Efforts to control healthcare costs, including prescription drug costs, are underway at the federal and state government levels. Changing political, economic and regulatory influences may affect healthcare financing and reimbursement practices. If
the current healthcare financing and reimbursement system changes significantly, the combined company’s business, financial position and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

On February 8, 2006, the President signed into law the DRA. The DRA seeks to reduce federal spending by altering the Medicaid reimbursement formula for multi-source
(i.e., generic) drugs. According to the Congressional Budget Office, retail pharmacies are expected to negotiate with individual states for higher dispensing fees to mitigate the adverse effect of these changes. These changes were expected to begin
to take effect in 2007 and to result in reduced Medicaid reimbursement rates for retail pharmacies. During 2007, CMS issued a final rule implementing the new reimbursement formula. Subsequent to issuance of this rule, a group of retail pharmacy
industry trade groups filed suit in Federal District Court seeking to enjoin CMS from implementing the rule. On December 14, 2007, the United States District Court for the District of Columbia preliminarily enjoined CMS from implementing the
final rule to the extent such action affects Medicaid reimbursement rates for retail pharmacies. As a result, implementation has been delayed indefinitely. Accordingly, the extent of any reductions and the impact on the Company cannot be determined
at this time. 

The possibility of customer loss and/or the failure to win new business may adversely affect our business, financial position and
results of operations. 

Our PBM business generates net revenues primarily by contracting with clients to provide prescription drugs and related
healthcare services to plan participants. PBM client contracts generally have terms approximating 3 years in duration. 

19 

Table of Contents

Accordingly, approximately one third of a PBM’s customer base typically is subject to renewal each year, and therefore we face challenges in competing
for new business and retaining or renewing business. Although none of our PBM clients are expected to represent more than 10% of our Company’s consolidated revenues in 2008, our top 10 clients are expected to represent approximately 33.2% of
such revenues in 2008. There can be no assurance that we will be able to win new business or secure renewal business on terms as favorable to the Company as the present terms. Accordingly, our failure to renew or win PBM business could adversely
affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Risks related to the frequency and rate of the introduction of new prescription
drugs as well as generic alternatives to brand name prescription products. 

The profitability of retail and mail order pharmacy businesses are
dependent upon the utilization of prescription drug products. Utilization trends are affected by the introduction of new and successful prescription pharmaceuticals as well as lower priced generic alternatives to existing brand name products.
Accordingly, a slowdown in the introduction of new and successful prescription pharmaceuticals and/or generic alternatives (the sale of which normally yield higher gross profit margins than brand name equivalents) could adversely affect our
business, financial position and results of operations. 

Risks of declining gross margins in the PBM industry. 

The PBM industry has been experiencing margin pressure as a result of competitive pressures and increased client demands for lower prices, enhanced service offerings
and/or higher service levels. In that regard, our Company maintains contractual relationships with generic pharmaceutical manufacturers and brand name pharmaceutical manufacturers that provide for purchase discounts and/or rebates on drugs dispensed
by pharmacies in our national retail network (including CVS/pharmacy stores) and by our mail order pharmacies (all or a portion of which may be passed on to clients). Manufacturer rebates often depend on a PBM’s ability to meet contractual
market share or other requirements, including in some cases the placement of a manufacturer’s products on the PBM’s formularies. Competitive pressures in the PBM industry have caused Caremark and other PBMs to share with clients a larger
portion of rebates and/or discounts received from pharmaceutical manufacturers. In addition, changes in existing federal or state laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations relating to patent term extensions, purchase discount
and rebate arrangements with pharmaceutical manufacturers, or to formulary management or other PBM services could also reduce the discounts or rebates we receive. Accordingly, margin pressure in the PBM industry resulting form these trends could
adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Uncertainty regarding the impact of Medicare Part D may adversely
affect our business, financial position and our results of operations. 

Since its inception in 2006, the Medicare Drug Benefit has resulted in
increased utilization and decreased pharmacy gross margin rates as higher margin business, such as cash and state Medicaid customers, migrated to Medicare Part D coverage. Further, as a result of the Medicare Drug Benefit, our PBM clients could
decide to discontinue providing prescription drug benefits to their Medicare-eligible members. If this occurs, the adverse effects of the Medicare Drug Benefit may outweigh any opportunities for new business generated by the new benefit. Since the
program continues to evolve, we are not yet able to assess the full impact that Medicare Part D will have on clients’ decisions to continue to offer a prescription drug benefit to their Medicare-eligible members. In addition, if the cost and
complexity of the Medicare Drug Benefit exceed management’s expectations or prevent effective program implementation or administration; if the government alters Medicare program requirements or reduces funding because of the
higher-than-anticipated cost to taxpayers of the MMA or for other reasons; if we fail to design and maintain programs that are attractive to Medicare participants; or if we are not successful in retaining enrollees, or winning contract renewals or
new contracts under the MMA’s competitive bidding process, our Medicare Part D services and the ability to expand our Medicare Part D services could be materially and adversely affected, and our business, financial position and results of
operations may be adversely affected. 

Changes in industry pricing benchmarks could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of
operations. 

Contracts in the prescription drug industry, including Caremark’s network contracts and its PBM and specialty client contracts,
generally use certain published benchmarks to establish pricing for prescription drugs. These benchmarks include AWP, ASP and WAC. Most of our PBM client contracts utilize the AWP standard. Further, most of the contracts governing the participation
of CVS stores in retail pharmacy networks also utilize the AWP standard. 

20 

Table of Contents

Recent events, including the FDB and Medi-Span litigation described in the Government Regulation of Healthcare Matters
section, have raised uncertainties as to whether payors, pharmacy providers, PBMs and others in the prescription drug industry will continue to utilize AWP as it has previously been calculated or whether other pricing benchmarks will be adopted for
establishing prices within the industry. 

Changes in reporting of AWP, or in the basis for calculating reimbursement proposed by the federal government and
certain states, and other legislative or regulatory adjustments that may be made regarding the reimbursement of payments for drugs by Medicaid and Medicare, could impact our pricing to customers and other payors and could impact our ability to
negotiate discounts with manufacturers, wholesalers, PBMs or retail pharmacies. In some circumstances, such changes could also impact the reimbursement that we receive from Medicare or Medicaid programs for drugs covered by such programs and from
MCOs that contract with government health programs to provide prescription drug benefits. In addition, it is possible that payors, pharmacy providers and PBMs will begin to evaluate other pricing benchmarks as the basis for contracting for
prescription drugs and PBM services in the future, and the effect of this development on the business of the Company cannot be predicted at this time. 

The industries in which we operate are extremely competitive and competition could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Each of the retail pharmacy business and the PBM business currently operates in a highly competitive environment. As a pharmacy retailer, we compete with other drugstore chains, supermarkets, discount retailers,
membership clubs, Internet companies and retail health clinics, as well as other mail order pharmacies and PBMs. In regard, many pharmacy benefit plans have implemented plan designs that mandate or provide incentives to fill maintenance medications
through mail order pharmacies. To the extent this trend continues, our retail pharmacy business could be adversely affected (although the effect of this would likely be mitigated by an increase in our own mail order business). In addition, some of
these competitors may offer services and pricing terms that we may not be willing or able to offer. Competition may also come from other sources in the future. As a result, competition could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position
and results of operations. 

Competitors in the PBM industry include large national PBM companies, such as Medco Health Solutions, Inc. and Express Scripts,
Inc., as well as many local or regional PBMs. In addition, there are several large health insurers and managed care plans (e.g., Wellpoint, Aetna, CIGNA, UnitedHealthcare) and retail pharmacies (e.g., Walgreens, Longs and Rite Aid) which have their
own PBM capabilities as well as several other national and regional companies that provide some or all of the same services. Some of these competitors may offer services and pricing terms that we, even if the anticipated benefits of our merger are
realized in full, may not be able to offer. In addition, competition may also come from other sources in the future. As a result, competition could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Existing and new government legislative and regulatory action could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations.

The PBM business and retail drugstore business are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations. See “Business –
Government Regulation of Healthcare Matters.” Changes in these regulations may require extensive system and operating changes that may be difficult to implement. Untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations could
adversely affect the continued operation of our business, including, but not limited to: imposition of civil or criminal penalties; suspension of payments from government programs; loss of required government certifications or approvals; loss of
authorizations to participate in or exclusion from government reimbursement programs, such as the Medicare and Medicaid programs; or loss of licensure. The regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to: the laws and regulations
described in the Government Regulation of Healthcare Matters section; accounting standards; tax laws and regulations; laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and health and safety matters, including those governing
exposure to, and the management and disposal of, hazardous substances; and regulations of the FDA, the U.S. Federal Trade Commission, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and the Consumer Product Safety Commission, as well as state regulatory
authorities, governing the sale, advertisement and promotion of products that we sell. In that regard, our business, financial position and results of operations could be affected by one or more of the following: 

•

 federal and state laws and regulations governing the purchase, distribution, management, dispensing and reimbursement of prescription drugs and related services,
whether at retail or mail, and applicable licensing requirements; 

21 

Table of Contents

•

 the effect of the expiration of patents covering brand name drugs and the introduction of generic products; 

•

 the frequency and rate of approvals by the FDA of new brand named and generic drugs, or of over-the-counter status for brand name drugs;

•

 FDA regulation affecting the retail or PBM industry; 

•

 rules and regulations issued pursuant to the HIPAA; and other federal and state laws affecting the use, disclosure and transmission of health information, such as
state security breach laws and state laws limiting the use and disclosure of prescriber information; 

•

 administration of the Medicare Drug Benefit, including legislative changes and/or CMS rulemaking and interpretation; 

•

 government regulation of the development, administration, review and updating of formularies and drug lists; 

•

 state laws and regulations establishing or changing prompt payment requirements for payments to retail pharmacies; 

•

 impact of network access (any willing provider) legislation on ability to manage pharmacy networks; 

•

 managed care reform and plan design legislation; 

•

 insurance licensing and other insurance regulatory requirements applicable to offering a prescription drug plan in connection with the Medicare Drug Benefit; and

•

 direct regulation of pharmacies or PBMs by regulatory and quasi-regulatory bodies. 

Risks related to litigation and other legal proceedings. 

Pharmacy services and retail pharmacy are highly
regulated and litigious industries. Our Company is currently subject to various litigation matters and legal proceedings. Resolution of these matters could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. As such we refer
you to Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” for additional information. 

Efforts to reform the U.S. healthcare system may adversely affect our
financial performance 

Congress periodically considers proposals to reform the U.S. healthcare system. These proposals may increase government
involvement in healthcare and regulation of PBM or pharmacy services, or otherwise change the way the combined company or its clients do business. Health plan sponsors may react to these proposals and the uncertainty surrounding them by reducing or
delaying purchases of cost control mechanisms and related services that the combined company would provide. The Company cannot predict what effect, if any, these proposals may have on its retail and pharmacy services businesses. Other legislative or
market-driven changes in the healthcare system that the Company cannot anticipate could also materially adversely affect the combined company’s consolidated results of operations, consolidated financial position and/or consolidated cash flow
from operations. 

The health of the economy in general and in the markets we serve could adversely affect our business and our financial results.

Our business is affected by the economy in general including changes in consumer purchasing power, preferences and/or spending patterns. Our
ability to attract, hire and retain suitable pharmacists, management, nurse practitioners and physicians’ assistants as well as establishing effective advertising, marketing and promotional programs is directly impacted by the economic
environment. Further, interest rate fluctuations and changes in capital market conditions may affect our ability to obtain necessary financing on acceptable terms and/or our ability to secure suitable store locations under acceptable terms.

The foregoing is not a comprehensive listing and there can be no assurance that we have correctly identified and appropriately assessed all factors
affecting the business. As such, we refer you to the “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” which includes our “Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements” at
the end of such section, on pages 18 through 36 of our Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2007, which is incorporated by reference.