Our business is subject to various
industry, economic, regulatory and other risks and uncertainties. These risks include those described below and may include additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial. 

The health of the economy in general and in the markets we serve could adversely affect our business and our financial results. 

Our business is affected by the economy in general, including changes in consumer purchasing power, preferences and/or spending patterns. These changes could
affect drug utilization trends as well as the financial health and number of covered lives of our PBM clients, resulting in an adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

In that regard, the economic recession resulted in declining drug utilization trends during 2008 and 2009. Although a recovery might be underway, it is possible that a worsening of the economic
environment will cause further decline in drug utilization, and dampen demand for pharmacy benefit management services as well as consumer demand for products sold in our retail stores. If this were to occur, our business and financial results could
be adversely affected. 

Further, interest rate fluctuations and changes in capital market conditions may affect our ability to obtain
necessary financing on acceptable terms, our ability to secure suitable store locations under acceptable terms and our ability to execute sale-leaseback transactions under acceptable terms. 

Inability to realize the benefits of the Caremark Merger. 

We may not be able to achieve all of the anticipated long-term strategic benefits of the Caremark Merger. An inability to realize the full extent of, or any of the anticipated benefits could have an
adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations, which may affect the value of the shares of our common stock. 

Inability to realize the benefits of the acquisition of Longs Drug Stores Corporation 

We may not be able to realize the
planned benefits associated with the October 2008 acquisition of the Longs Drug Stores Corporation in accordance with the expected timing. 

Efforts to reduce reimbursement levels and alter health care financing practices could adversely affect our businesses. 

The continued efforts of health maintenance organizations, managed care organizations, PBM companies, government entities, and other third party payors to reduce prescription drug costs and pharmacy reimbursement

22 

Table of Contents

rates may impact our profitability. In particular, increased utilization of generic pharmaceuticals (which normally yield a higher gross profit rate than equivalent brand named drugs), has
resulted in pressure to decrease reimbursement payments to retail and mail order pharmacies for generic drugs, causing a reduction in the generic profit rate. In addition, during the past several years, the U.S. health care industry has been subject
to an increase in governmental regulation at both the federal and state levels. Efforts to control health care costs, including prescription drug costs, are underway at the federal and state government levels. Changing political, economic and
regulatory influences may affect health care financing and reimbursement practices. If the current health care financing and reimbursement system changes significantly, the Company’s business, financial position and results of operations could
be materially adversely affected. 

In 2005, the DRA was signed into law by the President. The DRA sought to reduce federal spending by
altering the Medicaid reimbursement formula for multi-source (i.e., generic) drugs. These changes were expected to result in reduced Medicaid reimbursement rates for retail pharmacies. During 2007, CMS issued a final rule implementing provisions
under the DRA regarding prescription drugs under the Medicaid program. Among other things, the rule defines AMP and “best price,” and the AMP Rule. In October 2008, approximately ten months after the U.S. District Court for the District of
Columbia preliminarily enjoined CMS from implementing relevant portions of the AMP Rule, CMS issued a rule, subject to comment, which modified the definition of multiple source drugs, a component of the AMP calculation. The proposed rule seeks to
address one of the legal challenges on which the injunction was issued. However, opponents of this new rule have asserted that the revised definition continues to be inconsistent with the DRA. In the event health care reform legislation is adopted,
such legislation will likely include a provision to correct the definitional issues with the AMP. As a result of the above, we cannot predict the extent or timing of implementation of the AMP Rule, its effect on Medicaid reimbursement or its impact
on the Company. 

The possibility of PBM client loss and/or the failure to win new PBM business may adversely affect our business,
financial position and results of operations. 

Our PBM business generates net revenues primarily by contracting with clients to provide
prescription drugs and related health care services to plan members. PBM client contracts often have terms of approximately three years in duration, so approximately one third of a PBM’s client base typically is subject to renewal each year. In
some cases, however, PBM clients may negotiate a shorter or longer contract term or may require early or periodic renegotiation of pricing prior to expiration of a contract. Therefore, we face challenges in competing for new PBM business and
retaining or renewing PBM business. Although none of our PBM clients represented more than 10% of our Company’s consolidated revenues in 2009, our top 10 clients are expected to represent approximately 29% of such revenues in 2010. There can be
no assurance that we will be able to win new business or secure renewal business on terms as favorable to the Company as the present terms. In that regard, during 2009, a small number of large client accounts elected not to renew their contractual
relationships with the Company effective in 2010. Our failure to renew or win PBM business could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Risks related to the frequency and rate of the introduction of generic drugs and brand name prescription products. 

The profitability of retail and mail order pharmacy businesses are dependent upon the utilization of prescription drug products. Utilization trends are affected by the introduction of new and successful
prescription pharmaceuticals as well as lower priced generic alternatives to existing brand name products. Accordingly, a slowdown in the introduction of new and successful prescription pharmaceuticals and/or generic alternatives (the sale of which
normally yield higher gross profit margins than brand name equivalents) could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

23 

Table of Contents

Risks of declining gross margins in the PBM industry. 

The PBM industry has been experiencing margin pressure as a result of competitive pressures and increased client demands for lower prices, enhanced service
offerings and/or higher service levels. In that regard, our Company maintains contractual relationships with generic pharmaceutical manufacturers and brand name pharmaceutical manufacturers that provide for purchase discounts and/or rebates on drugs
dispensed by pharmacies in our national retail network and by our mail order pharmacies (all or a portion of which may be passed on to clients). Manufacturer rebates often depend on a PBM’s ability to meet contractual market share or other
requirements, including in some cases the placement of a manufacturer’s products on the PBM’s formularies. Competitive pressures in the PBM industry have caused Caremark and other PBMs to share with clients a larger portion of rebates
and/or discounts received from pharmaceutical manufacturers. In addition, changes in existing federal or state laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations relating to patent term extensions, purchase discount and rebate
arrangements with pharmaceutical manufacturers, or to formulary management or other PBM services could also reduce the discounts or rebates we receive. Accordingly, margin pressure in the PBM industry resulting from these trends could adversely
affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Regulatory and business changes relating to our participation in
Medicare Part D may adversely affect our business, financial position and our results of operations. 

Since its inception in 2006, the
Medicare Drug Benefit has resulted in increased utilization and decreased pharmacy gross margin rates as higher margin business, such as cash and state Medicaid customers, migrated to Medicare Part D coverage. Further, as a result of the Medicare
Drug Benefit, our PBM clients could decide to discontinue providing prescription drug benefits to their Medicare-eligible members. To the extent this occurs, the adverse effects of the Medicare Drug Benefit may outweigh any opportunities for new
business generated by the new benefit. In addition, if the cost and complexity of the Medicare Drug Benefit exceed management’s expectations or prevent effective program implementation or administration; if changes to the regulations regarding
how drug costs are reported for Medicare Drug Benefit and retiree drug subsidy purposes are implemented in a manner that impacts the profitability of our Medicare Part D business; if the government alters Medicare program requirements or reduces
funding because of the higher-than-anticipated cost to taxpayers of the Medicare Drug Benefit or for other reasons; if we fail to design and maintain programs that are attractive to Medicare participants; or if we are not successful in retaining
enrollees, or winning contract renewals or new contracts under the Medicare Drug Benefit’s competitive bidding process, our Medicare Part D services and the ability to expand our Medicare Part D services could be materially and adversely
affected, and our business, financial position and results of operations may be adversely affected. In that regard, in January 2009, CMS issued a regulation requiring that, beginning in 2010, any difference between the drug price charged to Medicare
Part D plan sponsors by a PBM and the drug paid by the PBM to the dispensing provider (commonly called “differential” or “spread”) be reported as an administrative cost rather than a drug cost of the plan sponsor for purposes of
calculating certain government subsidy payments and the drug price to be charged to enrollees. These changes impact our ability to offer Medicare Part D plan sponsors pricing for 2010 that includes the use of retail network “differential”
or “spread,” and we expect these changes to reduce the profitability of our Medicare Part D business beginning in 2010. 

Changes in industry pricing benchmarks could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Implementation of the FDB and Medi-Span settlements, described in the Government Regulation section, have resulted in changes in the methodology used to calculate AWP, which is the pricing reference used for many of our PBM client
contracts, pharmaceutical purchase agreements, retail network contracts, specialty payor agreements and other contracts with third party payors. In addition, both FDB and Medi-Span have indicated that they intend to discontinue the publishing of AWP
altogether in the future, most likely in September 2011. As a result, we believe the pharmaceutical industry will be evaluating and/or developing an alternative pricing reference to replace AWP. 

24 

Table of Contents

Future changes to the use of AWP or to other published pricing benchmarks used to establish pharmaceutical
pricing, including changes in the basis for calculating reimbursement by federal and state health programs and/or other payors, could impact the reimbursement we receive from Medicare and Medicaid programs, the reimbursement we receive from PBM
clients and other payors and/or our ability to negotiate rebates and/or discounts with pharmaceutical manufacturers, wholesalers, PBMs and retail pharmacies. The effect of these possible changes on our business cannot be predicted at this time.

The industries in which we operate are extremely competitive and competition could adversely affect our business, financial position
and results of operations. 

Each of the retail pharmacy business and the PBM business currently operates in a highly competitive
environment. As a pharmacy retailer, we compete with other drugstore chains, supermarkets, discount retailers, membership clubs, Internet companies and retail health clinics, as well as other mail order pharmacies and PBMs. In that regard, many
pharmacy benefit plans have implemented plan designs that mandate or provide incentives to fill maintenance medications through mail order pharmacies. To the extent this trend continues, our retail pharmacy business could be adversely affected
(although the effect of this would likely be mitigated by an increase in our own mail order business). In addition, some of these competitors may offer services and pricing terms that we may not be willing or able to offer. Competition may also come
from other sources in the future. As a result, competition could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Competitors in the PBM industry include large national PBM companies, such as Medco Health Solutions, Inc. and Express Scripts, Inc., as well as many local or regional PBMs. In addition, there are several large health insurers and managed
care plans (e.g., UnitedHealthcare, Aetna and CIGNA) and retail pharmacies (e.g., Walgreens) which have their own PBM capabilities as well as several other national and regional companies that provide some or all of the same services. Some of these
competitors may offer services and pricing terms that we, even if the anticipated benefits of our merger are realized in full, may not be able to offer. In addition, competition may also come from other sources in the future. As a result,
competition could have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 

Efforts to reform the U.S.
health care system may adversely affect our financial performance and the services we provide. 

Congress periodically considers
proposals to reform the U.S. health care system. This is especially the case today, as Congress considers major health reform legislation that could affect the entire health insurance system and virtually every aspect of health care in the country.
If adopted, this legislation and/or other proposals may increase government involvement in health care and regulation of PBM or pharmacy services, or otherwise change the way the Company or its clients do business. Health plan sponsors may react to
these proposals and the uncertainty surrounding them by reducing or delaying purchases of cost control mechanisms and related services that the Company would provide. The Company cannot predict what effect, if any, these proposals may have on its
retail and pharmacy services businesses. Other legislative or market-driven changes in the health care system that the Company cannot anticipate could also have an adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations.

Existing and new government legislative and regulatory action could adversely affect our business, financial position and results of
operations. The PBM business and retail drugstore business are subject to numerous federal, state and local laws and regulations. See “Business – Government Regulation.” Changes in these regulations may require extensive system and
operating changes that may be difficult to implement. Untimely compliance or noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations could adversely affect the continued operation of our business, including, but not limited to: imposition of civil or
criminal penalties; suspension of payments from government programs; loss of required government certifications or approvals; loss of authorizations to participate in or exclusion from government reimbursement programs, such as the Medicare and
Medicaid programs; or loss of licensure. The regulations to which we are subject include, but are not limited to:

25 

Table of Contents

the laws and regulations described in the Government Regulation section; accounting standards; tax laws and regulations; laws and regulations relating to the protection of the environment and
health and safety matters, including those governing exposure to, and the management and disposal of, hazardous materials and wastes; and regulations of the FDA, the FTC, the DEA, and the Consumer Product Safety Commission, as well as state
regulatory authorities, governing the sale, advertisement and promotion of products that we sell. In that regard, our business, financial position and results of operations could be affected by one or more of the following: 

•

 federal and state laws and regulations governing the purchase, distribution, management, dispensing and reimbursement of prescription drugs and related
services, whether at retail or mail, and applicable licensing requirements; 

•

 the effect of the expiration of patents covering brand name drugs and the introduction of generic products; 

•

 the frequency and rate of approvals by the FDA of new brand named and generic drugs, or of over-the-counter status for brand name drugs;

•

 FDA regulation affecting the retail or PBM industry; 

•

 rules and regulations issued pursuant to the HIPAA; and other federal and state laws affecting the use, disclosure and transmission of health or other
personal information, such as state security breach laws and state laws limiting the use and disclosure of prescriber information; 

•

 administration of the Medicare Drug Benefit, including legislative changes and/or CMS rulemaking and interpretation; 

•

 government regulation of the development, administration, review and updating of formularies and drug lists; 

•

 federal, state and local waste management laws and regulations applicable to retail operations and distribution, including the management of
pharmaceutical wastes and photo processing solutions, as well as the storage and transportation of hazardous materials; 

•

 state laws and regulations establishing or changing prompt payment requirements for payments to retail pharmacies; 

•

 impact of network access (any willing provider) legislation on our ability to manage pharmacy networks; 

•

 managed care reform and plan design legislation; 

•

 insurance licensing and other insurance regulatory requirements applicable to offering a PDP in connection with the Medicare Drug Benefit; and

•

 direct regulation of pharmacies or PBMs by regulatory and quasi-regulatory bodies. 

Risks related to litigation and other legal proceedings. 

Pharmacy services and retail pharmacy are highly regulated and litigious industries. Our Company is currently subject to various litigation matters and legal proceedings. Resolution of these matters could
have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. As such we refer you to Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” for additional information. 

The foregoing is not a comprehensive listing and there can be no assurance that we have correctly identified and appropriately assessed all factors affecting the business. As such, we refer you to the
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” which includes our “Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements” at the end of such section, on pages 40 through 41 of
our Annual Report to Stockholders for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2009, which section is incorporated by reference. 

26 

Table of Contents