You should consider carefully the following
 together with all of the other information included in this report
and other reports filed with the SEC before investing in our securities. If any
of the following risks were actually to occur, our business, financial
condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In
that case, the trading price of our securities could decline and you could lose
all or part of your investment.

Risks Related to Our Business

Oil, natural gas and natural gas liquid prices are volatile and have
continued to decline significantly over the past year. An extended continuation
of, or a further decline in, oil, natural gas and 

natural
gas liquid

 prices could adversely affect our financial position,
financial results, cash flow, access to capital and ability to grow.

Our future financial
condition, revenues, results of operations, rate of growth and the carrying
value of our oil and natural gas properties depend primarily upon the prices we
receive for our oil and natural gas production and the prices prevailing from
time to time for oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids. Oil, natural gas,
and natural gas liquid prices historically have been volatile, and are likely
to continue to be volatile in the future, especially given current geopolitical
conditions. This price volatility also affects the amount of cash flow we have
available for capital expenditures and our ability to borrow money or raise
additional capital. The prices and levels of production for oil, natural gas
and natural gas liquids are subject to a variety of factors beyond our control,
including:

·

the level of consumer demand for oil, natural gas and natural gas
liquids;

·

the domestic and foreign supply of oil, natural gas, and natural
gas liquids;

·

inventory levels of Cushing, Oklahoma, the benchmark for WTI oil
prices;

·

liquefied natural gas deliveries to and from the United States;

·

commodity processing, gathering and transportation availability
and the availability of refining capacity;

·

the price and level of imports of foreign oil and natural gas;

·

the ability of the members of the Organization of Petroleum
Exporting Countries and other oil exporting nations to agree to and maintain oil
price and production controls;

·

domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes;

·

the price and availability of alternative fuel sources;

·

weather conditions;

·

political conditions or hostilities in oil and natural gas
producing regions, including the Middle East, Africa and South America;

·

technological advances affecting energy consumption and energy
supply; 

·

effect of energy conservation efforts;

·

variations between product prices at sales points and applicable
index prices; and

·

worldwide economic conditions.

Furthermore, oil and natural
gas prices continued to be volatile in 2015. For example, the NYMEX oil prices
in 2015 ranged from a high of $61.43 to a low of $34.73 per Bbl and the NYMEX
natural gas prices in 2015 ranged from a high of $3.23 to a low of $1.76 per
MMBtu. Further, the NYMEX oil prices and NYMEX natural gas prices reached lows
of $26.21 per Bbl and $1.80 per MMBtu, respectively, during the period from
January 1, 2016 to February 22, 2016.

19

A
significant portion of our total natural gas revenues are derived from the
value of the natural gas liquids contained in our natural gas, with the
remaining portion coming from the value of the dry natural gas residue. In the
past, our liquids-rich natural gas stream and the related value of the natural
gas liquids included in our natural gas revenues resulted in our realized
natural gas price (excluding the effects of derivatives) being greater than the
related NYMEX natural gas price. However, during the year ended December 31,
2015, our realized natural gas price (excluding the effects of derivatives)
fell below the related NYMEX natural gas price primarily due to the average
Mont Belvieu price for a blended barrel of natural gas liquids decreasing to
$17.80 per Bbl, as compared to $34.58 per Bbl during the year ended December
31, 2014.

Declines in oil,
natural gas and natural gas liquid prices would not only reduce our revenue,
but could also reduce the amount of oil and natural gas that we can produce
economically. This in turn would lower the amount of oil and natural gas
reserves we could recognize and, as a result, could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. If the
 oil and natural gas industry continues to experience significant
price declines, we may, among other things, be unable to maintain or increase
our borrowing capacity, repay current or future indebtedness or obtain
additional capital on attractive terms, all of which can adversely affect the
value of our securities.

Future price declines could result in a reduction in the carrying value
of our proved oil and natural gas properties, which could adversely affect our
results of operations.

Declines in commodity prices
may result in us having to make substantial downward adjustments to the value
of our estimated proved reserves. If this occurs, or if our estimates of
production or economic factors change, accounting rules may require us to
write-down, as a non-cash charge to earnings, the carrying value of our proved
oil and natural gas properties for impairments. We are required to perform
impairment tests on proved assets whenever events or changes in circumstances
warrant a review of our proved oil and natural gas properties. To the extent
such tests indicate a reduction of the estimated useful life or estimated
future cash flows of our oil and natural gas properties, the carrying value may
not be recoverable and therefore require a write-down. The primary factors that
may affect management’s estimates of future cash flows are (i) commodity
futures prices, (ii) increases or decreases in production and capital
costs, (iii) future reserve adjustments, both positive and negative, to
proved reserves and appropriate risk-adjusted probable and possible reserves,
(iv) cash flows from integrated assets and (v) results of future drilling
activities. We may incur impairment charges in the future, which could
materially adversely affect our results of operations in the period incurred. 

Additionally, based on the
factors above, as of December 31, 2015, we determined that undiscounted
future cash flows attributable to certain depletion groups with a net book
value of approximately $5.2 billion indicated that the carrying amount was
expected to be recovered; however, it may be at risk for impairment if
management’s estimates of future cash flows decline, including as a result of
further declines in projected commodity prices (and the resulting impact of
future cash flows) subsequent to December 31, 2015. We estimate that, if these
depletion groups were to become impaired in a future period, we could recognize
non-cash impairment in that period of approximately $2.5 billion.

Approximately 42.5 percent of our total estimated proved reserves at
December 31, 2015 were undeveloped, and those reserves may not ultimately be
developed.

At
December 31, 2015, approximately 42.5 percent
of our total estimated proved reserves were undeveloped. Recovery of
undeveloped reserves requires significant capital expenditures and successful
drilling. Our reserve data assumes that we can and will make these expenditures
and conduct these operations successfully. These assumptions, however, may not
prove correct. Our reserve report at December 31, 2015 includes estimates of
total future development costs over the next five years associated with our
proved undeveloped reserves of approximately $3.0 billion. If we choose not to
spend the capital to develop these reserves, or if we are not otherwise able to
successfully develop these reserves, we will be required to write-off these
reserves. In addition, under the SEC’s reserve rules, because proved
undeveloped reserves may be booked only if they relate to wells planned to be
drilled within five years of the date of booking, we may be required to
write-off any proved undeveloped reserves that are not developed within this
five-year timeframe. For example, as of December 31, 2015, we wrote-off
approximately 10.9 MMBoe of proved undeveloped reserves because we have
deferred development outside the five-year window primarily as a result of our
transition from a vertical to horizontal drilling program. Any such write-offs
of our reserves could reduce our ability to borrow money and could reduce the
value of our securities.

Drilling for and producing oil and natural gas are high-risk activities
with many uncertainties that could cause our costs to increase or production
volumes to decrease, which would reduce our cash flows.

Our
future financial condition and results of operations will depend on the success
of our exploration and production activities. Our oil and natural gas
exploration and production activities are subject to numerous risks beyond our
control, including the risk that drilling will not result in commercially
viable oil or natural gas production. Our decisions to purchase, 

20

explore, develop or otherwise exploit prospects or properties
will depend in part on the evaluation of data obtained through geophysical and
geological analyses, production data and engineering studies, the results of
which are often inconclusive or subject to varying interpretations. Our cost of
drilling, completing, equipping and operating wells is often uncertain before
drilling commences. Overruns in budgeted expenditures are common risks that can
make a particular project uneconomical or less economical than forecasted.
Further, many factors may curtail, delay or cancel drilling, including the
following:

·

delays imposed by or resulting from compliance with regulatory and
contractual requirements;

·

reductions in oil, natural gas and natural gas liquid prices;

·

pressure or irregularities in geological formations;

·

shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment and qualified
personnel or in obtaining water for hydraulic fracturing activities;

·

equipment failures or accidents;

·

adverse weather conditions;

·

environmental hazards, such as natural gas leaks, oil spills,
pipeline and tank ruptures, encountering naturally occurring radioactive
materials, and unauthorized discharges of brine, well stimulation and
completion fluids, toxic gases or other pollutants into the surface and
subsurface environment;

·

limited availability of financing at acceptable terms; 

·

surface access restrictions;

·

loss of title or other title related issues;

·

oil, natural gas liquids or natural gas gathering, transportation
and processing availability restrictions or limitations; and

·

limitations in the market for oil, natural gas and natural gas
liquids.

Prolonged decreases in our
drilling program may require us to pay certain non-use fees or impact our
ability to comply with certain contractual requirements. 

Oil
prices declined substantially during the second half of 2014 and continued to
decline through 2015. In the event that oil and natural gas prices remain
depressed for a sustained period, or continue to further decline, we may
experience significant decreases in drilling activity. Due to the nature
of our drilling programs and the oil and natural gas industry generally, we are
a party to certain agreements that require us to meet various contractual
obligations or require us to utilize a certain amount of goods or services,
including, but not limited to, water commitments, throughput volume commitments
and power commitments. In the event that oil and natural gas prices remain
depressed, and as a result continue to reduce the demand for drilling and production,
this could lead to a decrease in our drilling activity and production levels,
which could, in turn, require us to pay for unutilized goods or services or
impact our ability to meet these contractual obligations.

We may incur losses as a
result of title defects in our oil and natural gas properties.

It
is our practice to initially conduct only a cursory title review of the oil and
natural gas properties on which we do not have proved reserves. To the extent
title opinions or other investigations prior to our commencement of drilling
operations reflect defects affecting such properties, we are typically
responsible for curing any such defects at our expense. Additionally, the
discovery of any such defects could delay or prohibit the commencement of drilling
operations on the affected properties. These impacts and other potential
losses resulting from title defects in our oil and natural gas properties could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations.

21

Federal, state
and local legislation and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing,
as well as governmental reviews of such activities, could result in increased
costs and additional operating restrictions or delays and adversely affect our
production.

Hydraulic
fracturing is an important and common practice that is used to stimulate
production of hydrocarbons from tight formations. We routinely utilize
hydraulic fracturing techniques in many of our drilling and completion
programs. The process involves the injection of water, sand and chemicals under
pressure into the formation to fracture the surrounding rock and stimulate
production. The process is typically regulated by state oil and natural gas
commissions. However, the EPA recently asserted federal regulatory authority
over hydraulic fracturing involving diesel additives under the SDWA’s
Underground Injection Control Program and issued guidance in February 2014,
governing such activities. The EPA has also issued final regulations under the
CAA establishing performance standards, including standards for the capture of
air emissions released during hydraulic fracturing, and advanced notice of
proposed rulemaking under the Toxic Substances Control Act to require companies
to disclose information regarding the chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing,
and also proposed in April 2015 to prohibit the discharge of wastewater from
hydraulic fracturing operations to publicly owned wastewater treatment plants.
In addition, the Bureau of Land Management (“BLM”) finalized rules in March
2015 that impose new or more stringent standards for performing hydraulic
fracturing on federal and American Indian lands. The United States District
Court of Wyoming has temporarily stayed implementation of this rule. A final decision
has not yet been issued.

At the state level, several states have adopted or are
considering legal requirements that could impose more stringent permitting,
disclosure, and well construction requirements on hydraulic fracturing
activities. For example, New Mexico adopted hydraulic fracturing fluid
disclosure requirements in February 2012 and in May 2013, and the RRC adopted
rules governing well casing, cementing and other standards for ensuring that
hydraulic fracturing operations do not contaminate nearby water resources in
May 2013. In addition, local governments have also taken steps to regulate
hydraulic fracturing, including imposing restrictions or moratoria on oil and
gas activities occurring within their boundaries. For example, in 2013, Mora
County, New Mexico banned hydraulic fracturing. However, the ban was challenged
in U.S. District Court and was subsequently overturned. We believe that we
follow applicable standard industry practices and legal requirements for
groundwater protection in our hydraulic fracturing activities. Nonetheless, if
new or more stringent federal, state, or local legal restrictions relating to
the hydraulic fracturing process are adopted in areas where we operate, we
could incur potentially significant added costs to comply with such
requirements, experience delays or curtailment in the pursuit of exploration,
development, or production activities, and perhaps even be precluded from
drilling wells. 

In addition, certain governmental reviews are
either underway or being proposed that focus on environmental aspects of hydraulic
fracturing practices. The White House Council on Environmental Quality is
coordinating an administration-wide review of hydraulic fracturing practices.
Additionally, in June 2015, the EPA released its draft report on the potential

impacts of hydraulic fracturing on
drinking water resources. The EPA report concluded that hydraulic fracturing
activities have not led to widespread, systemic impacts on drinking water resources
in the United States, although there are above and below ground mechanisms by
which hydraulic fracturing activities have the potential to impact drinking
water resources. The draft report is expected to be finalized after a public
comment period and a formal review by the EPA’s Science Advisory Board
. 
Other governmental agencies, including the United States
Department of Energy and the United States Department of the Interior, are
evaluating various other aspects of hydraulic fracturing. These ongoing or
proposed studies could spur initiatives to further regulate hydraulic
fracturing under the federal SDWA or other regulatory mechanisms.

If new laws
or regulations that significantly restrict hydraulic fracturing are adopted,
such laws could make it more difficult or costly for us to perform fracturing
to stimulate production from tight formations. In addition, if hydraulic
fracturing becomes regulated at the federal level as a result of federal
legislation or regulatory initiatives by the EPA, our fracturing activities
could become subject to additional permitting requirements and could also
result in permitting delays and potential cost increases. Restrictions on
hydraulic fracturing could also reduce the amount of oil and natural gas that
we are ultimately able to produce from our reserves.

Our operations are substantially dependent on the
availability of water. Restrictions on our ability to obtain water may
have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows.

Water is an essential component of both
the drilling and hydraulic fracturing processes. Historically, we have
been able to purchase water from local land owners and other sources for use in
our operations. Over the past few years, extreme drought conditions
persisted in West Texas and Southeast New Mexico. Although conditions have
improved, we cannot guarantee what conditions may occur in the future. Severe
drought conditions can result in local water districts taking steps to restrict
the use of water subject to their jurisdiction for drilling and hydraulic
fracturing in order to protect the local water supply. If we are unable to
obtain water to use in our operations from local sources, we may be unable to
economically 

22

produce oil and natural gas, which could
have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows.

Estimates of proved reserves and future net cash flows are not precise.
The actual quantities of our proved reserves and our future net cash flows may
prove to be lower than estimated.

Numerous
uncertainties exist in estimating quantities of proved reserves and future net
cash flows therefrom. Our estimates of proved reserves and related future net
cash flows are based on various assumptions, which may ultimately prove to be
inaccurate.

Petroleum engineering is a
subjective process of estimating accumulations of oil and natural gas that
cannot be measured in an exact manner. Estimates of economically recoverable
oil and natural gas reserves and of future net cash flows depend upon a number
of variable factors and assumptions, including the following:

·

historical production from the area compared with production from
other producing areas;

·

the assumed effects of regulations by governmental agencies;

·

the quality, quantity and interpretation of available relevant
data;

·

assumptions concerning future commodity prices; and

·

assumptions concerning future operating costs; severance, ad
valorem and excise taxes; development costs; and workover and remedial costs.

Because all reserve
estimates are to some degree subjective, each of the following items, or other
items not identified below, may differ materially from those assumed in
estimating reserves:

·

the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately recovered;

·

the production and operating costs incurred;

·

the amount and timing of future development expenditures; and

·

future commodity prices.

Furthermore, different
reserve engineers may make different estimates of reserves and cash flows based
on the same data. Our actual production, revenues and expenditures with respect
to reserves will likely be different from estimates and the differences may be
material.

As required by the SEC, the estimated
discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves are based on the average previous
twelve months first-of-month prices preceding the date of the estimate and
costs as of the date of the estimate, while actual future prices and costs may
be materially higher or lower. Actual future net cash flows also will be affected
by factors such as:

·

the amount and timing of actual production; 

·

levels of future capital spending;

·

increases or decreases in the supply of or demand for oil, natural
gas liquids and natural gas; and

·

changes in governmental regulations or taxation.

Accordingly, estimates included herein
of future net cash flows may be materially different from the future net cash
flows that are ultimately received. Therefore, the estimates of discounted
future net cash flows in this report should not be construed as accurate
estimates of the current market value of our proved reserves.

23

Our business requires substantial capital expenditures. We may be unable
to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms or at all, which
could lead to a decline in our oil and natural gas reserves.

The
oil and natural gas industry is capital intensive. We make and expect to
continue to make substantial capital expenditures for the acquisition,
exploration and development of oil and natural gas reserves. At
December 31, 2015, we had no outstanding debt under our credit facility
(and total debt at December 31, 2015 was $3.3 billion), and we had
approximately $2.5 billion of unused commitments under our credit facility.
Expenditures for acquisition, exploration and development of oil and natural
gas properties are the primary use of our capital resources. We incurred
approximately $2.1 billion in acquisition, exploration and development
activities (excluding asset retirement obligations) during the year ended
December 31, 2015. In November 2015, we announced our 2016 base capital
budget, excluding acquisitions, of approximately $1.4 billion. During
2016, our current intent is to adjust our capital spending to be within our
cash flows. Based on current commodity prices and costs, our capital plan is in
the range of $1.1 billion to $1.3 billion. We plan to spend approximately
$3.0 billion over the next five years on future development costs associated
with proved undeveloped reserves.

We intend to finance our
future capital expenditures, other than significant acquisitions, through cash flow
from operations and through borrowings under our credit facility; however, our
financing needs may require us to alter or increase our capitalization
substantially through the issuance of debt or equity securities. The issuance
of additional equity securities could have a dilutive effect on the value of
our common stock. Additional borrowings under our credit facility or the
issuance of additional debt securities will require that a greater portion of
our cash flow from operations be used for the payment of interest and principal
on our debt, thereby reducing our ability to use cash flow to fund working
capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions. In addition, our credit
facility imposes certain limitations on our ability to incur additional indebtedness
other than indebtedness under our credit facility. If we desire to issue
additional debt securities other than as expressly permitted under our credit
facility, we will be required to seek the consent of the lenders in accordance
with the requirements of the credit facility, which consent may be withheld by
the lenders at their discretion. If we incur certain additional indebtedness,
our borrowing base under our credit facility may be reduced. Additional
financing also may not be available on acceptable terms or at all. In the event
additional capital resources are unavailable, we may curtail drilling,
development and other activities or be forced to sell some of our assets on an
untimely or unfavorable basis.

Our cash flow from
operations and access to capital are subject to a number of variables,
including:

·

our proved reserves;

·

the level of oil and natural gas we are able to produce from
existing wells;

·

the prices at which our commodities are sold; 

·

the costs of producing oil and natural gas;

·

global credit and securities markets; 

·

the ability and willingness of lenders and investors to provide
capital and the cost of the capital;

·

our ability to acquire, locate and produce new reserves; and

·

the impact of potential changes in our credit ratings.

If our revenues or the
borrowing base under our credit facility decrease as a result of lower
commodity prices or sustained depressed commodity prices, operating
difficulties, declines in reserves, lending requirements or regulations, or for
any other reason, we may have limited ability to obtain the capital necessary
to sustain our operations at current or anticipated levels. As a result, we may
require additional capital to fund our operations, and we may not be able to
obtain debt or equity financing on terms acceptable to us, if at all, to
satisfy our capital requirements. If cash generated from operations or
borrowings available under our credit facility is not sufficient to meet our
capital requirements, the failure to obtain additional financing could result
in a curtailment of our operations relating to the development of our
prospects, which in turn could lead to a decline in our oil and natural gas
reserves, and could adversely affect our production, revenues and results of
operations.

24

Declining
general economic, business or industry conditions could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations.

In recent years, the global economic
downturn, particularly with respect to the U.S. economy, and the global
financial and credit market disruptions have reduced the availability of
liquidity and credit to fund the continuation and expansion of industrial business
operations worldwide resulting in a slowdown in economic activity. This has
reduced worldwide demand for energy and resulted in lower commodity prices.

Lower commodity prices will reduce our
cash flows and borrowing ability. We may be unable to obtain needed capital or
financing on satisfactory terms, which could lead to a decline in our reserves
as existing reserves are depleted. Lower commodity prices may also reduce the
amount of oil and natural gas that we can produce economically, which could
ultimately decrease our net revenue and profitability.

We have
substantial indebtedness and may incur substantially more debt. Higher levels
of indebtedness make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse
developments in our business. 

We had approximately
$
3.3 
billion of outstanding debt at December
31, 2015. At December 31, 2015, the borrowing base under our credit facility
was $
3.25 
 billion and commitments from our
bank group totaled $2.5 billion, of which $
2.5 
billion
was unused commitments.

As a result of our indebtedness, we will
need to use a portion of our cash flow to pay interest, which will reduce the
amount we will have available to fund our operations and other business
activities and could limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to
changes in our business and the industry in which we operate. Our indebtedness
under our credit facility is at a variable interest rate, and so a rise in
interest rates will generate greater interest expense to the extent we do not
have applicable interest rate fluctuation hedges. The amount of our debt may
also cause us to be more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse
developments in our business. 

We may incur substantially more debt in
the future. The indentures governing our senior notes contain restrictions on
our incurrence of additional indebtedness. These restrictions, however, are
subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and under certain
circumstances, we could incur substantial additional indebtedness in compliance
with these restrictions. Moreover, these restrictions do not prevent us from
incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness under the indentures.

Our ability to meet our debt obligations
and other expenses will depend on our future performance, which will be
affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory and other factors, many
of which we are unable to control. If our cash flow is not sufficient to
service our debt, we may be required to refinance debt, sell assets or sell
additional equity on terms that we may not find attractive if it may be done at
all. Further, our failure to comply with the financial and other restrictive
covenants relating to our indebtedness could result in a default under that
indebtedness, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations.

Our lenders can limit our borrowing capabilities, which may materially
impact our operations.

At December 31, 
2015
, we had no debt outstanding under our credit facility, and
our borrowing base was $3.25 billion
 and commitments from our bank group
totaled $2.5 billion
. The borrowing base under our
credit facility is redetermined annually based upon a number of factors,
including commodity prices and reserve levels. In addition, between
redeterminations we and, if requested by 66 2/3 percent of our lenders, our
lenders, may each request one special redetermination. Upon a redetermination,
our borrowing base could be substantially reduced, and in the event the amount
outstanding under our credit facility at any time exceeds the borrowing base at
such time, we may be required to repay a portion of our outstanding borrowings.
We expect to utilize cash on hand, cash flow from operations, bank borrowings,
debt and equity financings and asset sales to fund our acquisition, exploration
and development activities. A reduction in our borrowing base could limit our
activities. In addition, we may significantly alter our capitalization in order
to make future acquisitions or develop our properties. These changes in
capitalization may significantly increase our level of indebtedness. If we
incur additional debt for these or other purposes, the related risks that we
now face could intensify. A higher level of indebtedness also increases the
risk that we may default on our debt obligations. Our ability to meet our debt
obligations and to reduce our level of indebtedness depends on our future
performance which is affected by general economic conditions and financial,
business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

A downgrade in our credit rating could
negatively impact our cost of and ability to access capital.

25

We receive debt
credit ratings from Standard & Poor’s Ratings Group, Inc. (“S&P”) and
Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”), which are subject to regular
reviews. S&P and Moody’s consider many factors in determining our ratings
including: production growth opportunities, liquidity, debt levels and asset
and reserve mix. 

On December 16, 2015,
Moody’s announced that it placed the ratings of 29 U.S. exploration and
production companies, including us, on review for downgrade. At December 31,
2015, our long-term debt was rated “Ba1” with an outlook under review. Since
that action, Moody’s lowered its oil price estimates and placed additional
exploration and production companies on review for downgrade. With Moody’s
reduced expectations for the likely range of prices and deteriorating industry
conditions, there is an increased possibility for multi-notch downgrades as an
outcome of the review process. The ultimate outcome of the ratings review for
any particular exploration and production company will depend on such company’s
particular credit attributes. On February 11, 2016, Moody’s affirmed our rating
as “Ba1” and assigned a stable outlook. 

At December 31, 2015, our
long-term debt was rated BB+ with a stable outlook by S&P. On February 9,
2016, S&P affirmed our rating as part of a broader review of 45 exploration
and production companies. Of the 45 companies under review by S&P, 20
companies’ ratings were affirmed while 25 companies’ ratings were downgraded.

A downgrade in our credit
ratings could negatively impact our costs of capital and our ability to
effectively execute aspects of our strategy. Further, a downgrade in our credit
ratings could affect our ability to raise debt in the public debt markets, and
the cost of any new debt could be much higher than our outstanding debt. These
and other impacts of a downgrade in our credit ratings could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

As of the filing of this
report, no additional changes in our credit ratings have occurred; however, we
cannot be assured that our credit ratings will not be downgraded in the future.

Our operations expose us to significant costs and liabilities with
respect to environmental and operational safety matters.

We may incur significant
delays, costs and liabilities as a result of environmental, health and safety
requirements applicable to our oil and natural gas exploration, development and
production, and related saltwater disposal activities. These delays, costs and
liabilities could arise under a wide range of federal, state and local laws and
regulations relating to protection of the environment, health and safety,
including regulations and enforcement policies that have tended to become
increasingly strict over time. Failure to comply with these laws and
regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal
penalties, imposition of cleanup and site restoration costs and liens, and, in
some instances, issuance of orders or injunctions limiting or requiring
discontinuation of certain operations. In addition, claims for damages to
persons or property, including natural resources, may result from the
environmental, health and safety impacts of our operations.

Strict as well as joint and
several liability for a variety of environmental costs may be imposed on us under
certain environmental laws, which could cause us to become liable for the
conduct of others or for consequences of our own actions that were in
compliance with all applicable laws at the time those actions were taken. New
laws, regulations or enforcement policies could be more stringent and impose
unforeseen liabilities or significantly increase compliance costs. 
No assurance can
be given that continued compliance with existing or future environmental laws
and regulations will not result in a curtailment of production or processing
activities or result in a material increase in the costs of production,
development, exploration or processing operations. 
If
we are not able to recover the resulting costs through insurance or increased
revenues, our production, revenues and results of operations could be adversely
affected.

Our producing properties are concentrated in the Permian Basin of
Southeast New Mexico and West Texas, making us vulnerable to risks associated
with operating in one major geographic area. In addition, we have a large
amount of proved reserves attributable to a small number of producing horizons
within this area.

Our
producing properties are geographically concentrated in the Permian Basin of
Southeast New Mexico and West Texas. At December 31, 2015, substantially
all of our total estimated proved reserves were attributable to properties
located in this area. As a result of this concentration, we may be
disproportionately exposed to the impact of regional supply and demand factors,
delays or interruptions of production from wells in this area caused by
governmental regulation, processing or transportation capacity constraints,
market limitations, severe weather events, water shortages or other drought
related conditions or interruption of the processing or transportation of oil,
natural gas or natural gas liquids. 

26

In
addition to the geographic concentration of our producing properties described
above, at December 31, 2015, approximately: (i) 29 percent
of our proved reserves were attributable to the Yeso formation, which includes
both the Paddock and Blinebry intervals, underlying our oil and natural gas