You should consider carefully the following risk factors together with
all of the other information included in this report and other reports filed
with the SEC before investing in our securities. If any of the following risks
were actually to occur, our business, financial condition or results of
operations could be materially adversely affected. In that case, the trading
price of our securities could decline and you could lose all or part of your
investment.

Risks
Related to Our Business

Oil and natural gas are volatile. A decline in oil and natural gas
prices could adversely affect our financial position, financial results, cash
flow, access to capital and ability to grow.

Our future financial condition, revenues, results of operations, rate of
growth and the carrying value of our oil and natural gas properties depend
primarily upon the prices we receive for our oil and natural gas production and
the prices prevailing from time to time for oil and natural gas. Oil and
natural gas prices historically have been volatile and are likely to continue
to be volatile in the future, especially given current geopolitical conditions.
This price volatility also affects the amount of cash flow we have available
for capital expenditures and our ability to borrow money or raise additional
capital. The prices and levels of production for oil and natural gas are
subject to a variety of factors beyond our control, including:

·

the overall global demand for oil and natural gas;

·

the overall global supply of oil and natural gas;

·

the overall North American oil and natural gas supply
and demand fundamentals, including:

·

the U.S. economy,

·

weather conditions, and

·

liquefied natural gas (“LNG”) deliveries to and
exports from the United States;

·

economic conditions worldwide;

·

the level of global crude oil, crude oil products and
LNG inventories;

·

volatility and trading patterns in the
commodity-futures markets;

·

political and economic developments in oil and natural
gas producing regions, including Africa, South America and the Middle East;

·

the extent to which members of the Organization of
Petroleum Exporting Countries and other oil exporting nations are able to
influence global oil supply levels;

·

technological advances affecting energy consumption
and energy supply;

·

the proximity, capacity, cost and availability of
pipelines and other transportation facilities, as well as the availability of
commodity processing and gathering and refining capacity;

·

the effect of energy conservation efforts;

·

additional restrictions on the exploration,
development and production of oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids so as to
materially reduce emissions of carbon dioxide and methane GHGs;

·

political and economic events that directly or
indirectly impact the relative strength or weakness of the U.S. dollar, on
which oil prices are benchmarked globally, against foreign currencies; 

·

domestic and foreign governmental regulations,
including limits on the United States’ ability to export crude oil, and
taxation;

·

the cost and availability of products and personnel
needed for us to produce oil and natural gas, including rigs, crews, sand,
water and water disposal;

·

risks related to the concentration of our operations
in the Permian Basin of Southeast New Mexico and West Texas and the level of
commodity inventory in the Permian Basin;

16

·

the quality of the oil we produce; and

·

the price, availability and acceptance of alternative
fuels.

Furthermore, oil and natural gas prices continued to be volatile in 2018.
For example, NYMEX oil prices in 2018 ranged from a high of $76.41 to a low of
$42.53 per Bbl and the NYMEX natural gas prices in 2018 ranged from a high of
$4.84 to a low of $2.55 per MMBtu. Further, the NYMEX oil prices and NYMEX
natural gas prices reached highs of $55.59 per Bbl and $3.59 per MMBtu,
respectively, during the period from January 1, 2019 to February 15, 2019.

Declines
in oil and natural gas prices would not only reduce our revenue, but could also
reduce the amount of oil and natural gas that we can produce economically. This
in turn would lower the amount of oil and natural gas reserves we could
recognize and, as a result, could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations. If the

oil and natural gas industry experiences significant price declines for a
sustained period, we may, among other things, be unable to maintain or increase
our borrowing capacity, repay current or future indebtedness or obtain
additional capital on attractive terms, all of which can adversely affect the
value of our securities. 

Approximately 31 percent of our total estimated proved reserves at
December 31, 2018 were undeveloped, and those reserves may not ultimately be
developed.

At December 31, 2018, approximately 31 percent of our total
estimated proved reserves were undeveloped. Recovery of undeveloped reserves
requires significant capital expenditures and successful drilling. Our reserves
data assumes that we can and will make these expenditures and conduct these
operations successfully. These assumptions, however, may not prove correct. Our
reserve report at December 31, 2018 includes estimates of total future
development costs over the next five years associated with our proved
undeveloped reserves of approximately $3.3 billion. If we choose not to spend
the capital to develop these reserves, or if we are not otherwise able to
successfully develop these reserves, we will be required to write-off these
reserves. In addition, under the SEC’s reserve rules, because proved
undeveloped reserves may be recognized only if they relate to wells planned to
be drilled within five years of the date of their initial recognition, we may
be required to write-off any proved undeveloped reserves that are not developed
within this five-year timeframe. For example, as of December 31, 2018, we
wrote-off approximately 

77 
MMBoe of proved undeveloped reserves
primarily because we no longer expect to develop these reserves within five
years of the date of their initial recognition.

Drilling for and producing oil and natural gas are high-risk
activities with many uncertainties that could cause our costs to increase or
production volumes to decrease, which would reduce our cash flows.

Our future financial condition and results of operations depend on the
success of our exploration and production activities. Our oil and natural gas
exploration and production activities are subject to numerous risks beyond our
control, including the risk that drilling will not result in commercially
viable oil and natural gas production. Our decisions to purchase, explore,
develop or otherwise exploit prospects or properties will depend in part on the
evaluation of data obtained through geophysical and geological analyses,
production data and engineering studies, the results of which are often
inconclusive or subject to varying interpretations. Our cost of drilling,
completing, equipping and operating wells is often uncertain before drilling
commences. Overruns in budgeted expenditures are common risks that can make a
particular project uneconomical or less economical than forecasted. Further,
many factors may curtail, delay or cancel drilling, including the following:

·

shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment and
qualified personnel or in obtaining sand or water for hydraulic fracturing
activities;

·

delays imposed by or resulting from compliance with
regulatory and contractual requirements;

·

reductions in oil and natural gas prices;

·

delays and costs of
 drilling wells on lands subject to complex development terms
and circumstances;

·

oil or natural gas gathering, transportation and
processing availability restrictions or limitations;

·

pressure or irregularities in geological formations;

·

equipment failures or accidents;

·

adverse weather conditions and natural disasters;

·

political events, public protests, civil disturbances,
terrorist acts or cyber attacks;

·

environmental hazards, such as natural gas leaks, oil and produced
water spills, pipeline and tank ruptures, encountering naturally occurring
radioactive materials, and unauthorized discharges of brine, well 

17

stimulation and completion fluids, toxic gases or other
pollutants into the surface and subsurface environment;

·

surface access restrictions;

·

failure to obtain regulatory and third-party
approvals;

·

actions by third-party operators of our properties;

·

loss of title or other title related issues;

·

limitations in the market for oil and natural gas; and

·

limited availability of financing at acceptable terms.

        The occurrence of one or more of these factors
could result in a partial or total loss of our investment in a particular
property, as well as significant liabilities. Moreover, certain of these events
could result in environmental pollution and impact to third parties, including
persons living in proximity to our operations, our employees and employees of
our contractors, leading to possible injuries, death or significant damage to
property and natural resources.

        In addition, the results of our exploratory
drilling in new or emerging plays are more uncertain than drilling results in
areas that are developed and have established production. Since new or emerging
plays and new formations have limited or no production history, we are unable
to use past drilling results in those areas to help predict our future drilling
results. As a result, our cost of drilling, completing and operating wells in
these areas may be higher than initially expected, and the value of our
undeveloped acreage will decline if drilling results are unsuccessful.

Multi-well pad drilling and project development may result in
volatility in our operating results.

We utilize multi-well pad drilling and project development where
practical. Project development may involve more than one multi-well pad being
drilled and completed at one time in a relatively confined area. Wells drilled
on a pad or in a project may not be brought into production until all wells on
the pad or project are drilled and completed. Problems affecting one pad or a
single well could adversely affect production from all of the wells on the pad
or in the entire project. As a result, multi-well pad drilling and project
development can cause delays in the scheduled commencement of production, or
interruptions in ongoing production. These delays or interruptions may cause
declines or volatility in our operating results due to timing as well as
declines in oil and natural gas prices. Further, any delay, reduction or
curtailment of our development and producing operations, due to operational
delays caused by multi-well pad drilling or project development, or otherwise,
could result in the loss of acreage through lease expirations.

Additionally, infrastructure expansion, including more complex facilities
and takeaway capacity, could become challenging in project development areas.
Managing capital expenditures for infrastructure expansion could cause economic
constraints when considering design capacity.

Prolonged
decreases in our drilling program may require us to pay certain non-use fees or
impact our ability to comply with certain contractual requirements. 

Oil prices declined substantially during the second half of 2014 and
continued to decline through 2016, but began to recover in 2017 and through
most of 2018, although pricing remains volatile. In the event that oil prices
decline for a sustained period, we may experience significant decreases in
drilling activity. Due to the nature of our drilling programs and the oil
and natural gas industry in general, we are a party to certain agreements that
require us to meet various contractual obligations or require us to utilize a
certain amount of goods or services, including, but not limited to, water
commitments, throughput volume commitments, power commitments and drilling
commitments. In the event that oil and natural gas prices decrease, and as a
result continue to reduce the demand for drilling and production, this could
lead to a decrease in our drilling activity and production levels, which could,
in turn, require us to pay for unutilized goods or services or impact our
ability to meet these contractual obligations, including drilling commitments
that may result in lease expirations if unmet.

We may incur
losses as a result of title defects in our oil and natural gas properties.

It is our practice to initially conduct only a cursory title review of
the oil and natural gas properties on which we do not have proved reserves. To
the extent title opinions or other investigations prior to our commencement of
drilling operations reflect defects affecting such properties, we are typically
responsible for curing any such defects at our expense. Additionally, the
discovery of any such defects could delay or prohibit the commencement of
drilling operations on the affected properties. These impacts and other
potential losses resulting from title defects in our oil and natural gas properties
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and
results of operations.

18

Our
operations are substantially dependent on the availability of water and our
ability to dispose of produced water gathered from drilling and production
activities. Restrictions on our ability to obtain water or dispose of
produced water may have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows.

Water is
an essential component of both the drilling and hydraulic fracturing
processes. Historically, we have been able to purchase water from local
land owners and other sources for use in our operations. Over the past few
years, extreme drought conditions persisted in Southeast New Mexico and West
Texas. Although conditions have improved, we cannot guarantee what conditions
may occur in the future. Severe drought conditions can result in local water
districts taking steps to restrict the use of water subject to their
jurisdiction for drilling and hydraulic fracturing in order to protect the
local water supply. If we are unable to obtain water to use in our
operations from local sources, we may be unable to economically produce oil and
natural gas, which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.

In
addition, we must dispose of the fluids produced from oil and natural gas
production operations, including produced water, which we do directly or
through the use of third party vendors. The legal requirements related to the
disposal of produced water into a non-producing geologic formation by means of
underground injection wells are subject to change based on concerns of the
public or governmental authorities regarding such disposal activities. One such
concern arises from recent seismic events near underground disposal wells that
are used for the disposal by injection of produced water resulting from oil and
natural gas activities. In March 2016, the United States Geological Survey
identified Texas and Colorado as being among the states with areas of increased
rates of induced seismicity that could be attributed to fluid injection or oil
and natural gas extraction. In response to concerns regarding induced
seismicity, regulators in some states have imposed, or are considering
imposing, additional requirements in the permitting of produced water disposal
wells to assess any relationship between seismicity and the use of such wells.
For example, in Texas, the RRC adopted new rules governing the permitting or
re-permitting of wells used to dispose of produced water and other fluids
resulting from the production of oil and natural gas in order to address these
seismic activity concerns within the state. Among other things, these rules
require companies seeking permits for disposal wells to provide seismic activity
data in permit applications, provide for more frequent monitoring and reporting
for certain wells and allow the state to modify, suspend or terminate permits
on grounds that a disposal well is likely to be, or determined to be, causing
seismic activity. States may issue orders to temporarily shut down or to
curtail the injection depth of existing wells in the vicinity of seismic
events. 

Another
consequence of seismic events may be lawsuits alleging that disposal well
operations have caused damage to neighboring properties or otherwise violated
state and federal rules regulating waste disposal. These developments could
result in additional regulation and restrictions on the use of injection wells
by us or by commercial disposal well vendors whom we may use from time to time
to dispose of produced water. Increased regulation and attention given to
induced seismicity could also lead to greater opposition, including litigation
to limit or prohibit oil and natural gas activities utilizing injection wells
for produced water disposal. 

Any one or
more of these developments may result in us or our vendors having to limit
disposal well volumes, disposal rates and pressures or locations, or require us
or our vendors to shut down or curtail the injection into disposal wells, which
events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations.

Federal,
state and local legislation and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic
fracturing, as well as governmental reviews of such activities, could result in
increased costs and additional operating restrictions or delays and adversely
affect our production.

Hydraulic
fracturing is an important and common practice that is used to stimulate
production of hydrocarbons from tight formations. We routinely utilize
hydraulic fracturing techniques in many of our drilling and completion
programs. The process involves the injection of water, sand and chemicals under
pressure into the formation to fracture the surrounding rock and stimulate
production. The process is typically regulated by state oil and natural gas
commissions. However, the EPA recently asserted federal regulatory authority
over hydraulic fracturing involving diesel additives under the SDWA’s
Underground Injection Control Program and issued guidance in February 2014,
governing such activities. The EPA has also issued: final regulations under the
CAA establishing performance standards, including standards for the capture of
VOCs and methane released during hydraulic fracturing (although the EPA has
temporarily suspended or delayed compliance with certain of these standards as
they undergo an administrative review); an advanced notice of proposed
rulemaking under the Toxic Substances Control Act to require companies to
disclose information regarding the chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing; and
final rules in June 2016 to prohibit the discharge of wastewater from hydraulic
fracturing operations to publicly owned wastewater treatment plants. Moreover,
in March 2015, the BLM issued a final rule that imposes requirements on
hydraulic fracturing activities on federal and Indian lands, including new
requirements relating to public disclosure, wellbore integrity and handling of
flowback water. However, the BLM lacked authority to promulgate the rule. While
that decision was on appeal, the BLM rescinded this rule in December 2017. In
January 2018, the state of California and a coalition of environmental groups
filed a lawsuit in the Northern District of California to challenge the BLM’s
rescission of the 2015 rule. This litigation is ongoing and future
implementation of the rule is uncertain at this time.

At the
state level, several states have adopted or are considering legal requirements
that could impose more stringent permitting, disclosure, and well construction
requirements on hydraulic fracturing activities. For example, New Mexico and
Texas have adopted hydraulic fracturing fluid disclosure requirements, and the
RRC has also adopted rules governing well casing, cementing and other standards
for ensuring that hydraulic fracturing operations do not contaminate nearby
water 

19

resources. In addition, local governments have
also taken steps to regulate hydraulic fracturing, including imposing
restrictions or moratoria on oil and natural gas activities occurring within
their boundaries. If new or more stringent federal, state, or local legal
restrictions relating to the hydraulic fracturing process are adopted in areas
where we operate, we could incur potentially significant added costs to comply
with such requirements, experience delays or curtailment in the pursuit of
exploration, development, or production activities, and perhaps even be
precluded from drilling wells. 

In
addition, certain governmental reviews are either underway or being proposed
that focus on environmental aspects of hydraulic fracturing practices. For
example, in December 2016, the EPA released its final report on the potential
impacts of hydraulic fracturing on drinking water resources. The final report
concluded that “water cycle” activities associated with hydraulic fracturing
may impact drinking water resources under some circumstances, noting that the
following hydraulic fracturing water cycle activities and local- or
regional-scale factors are more likely than others to result in more frequent
or more severe impacts: water withdrawals for fracturing in times or areas of
low water availability; surface spills during the management of fracturing
fluids, chemicals or produced water; injection of fracturing fluids into wells
with inadequate mechanical integrity; injection of fracturing fluids directly
into groundwater resources; discharge of inadequately treated fracturing
wastewater to surface waters; and disposal or storage of fracturing wastewater
in unlined pits. Since the report did not find a direct link between hydraulic
fracturing itself and contamination of groundwater resources, this years-long
study report does not appear to provide any basis for further regulation of
hydraulic fracturing at the federal level.

If new
laws or regulations that significantly restrict hydraulic fracturing are
adopted, such laws could make it more difficult or costly for us to perform
fracturing to stimulate production from tight formations. In addition, if
hydraulic fracturing becomes regulated at the federal level as a result of
federal legislation or regulatory initiatives by the EPA, our fracturing activities
could become subject to additional permitting requirements and could also
result in permitting delays and potential cost increases. Restrictions on
hydraulic fracturing could also reduce the amount of oil and natural gas that
we are ultimately able to produce from our reserves.

Climate change legislation, regulations restricting emissions of
“greenhouse gases” or legal or other action taken by public or private entities
related to climate change could result in increased operating costs and reduced
demand for the oil and natural gas that we produce.

In
response to findings that emissions of carbon dioxide, methane and other
greenhouse gases present an endangerment to public health and the environment,
the EPA has issued regulations to restrict emissions of GHGs under existing
provisions of the CAA. These regulations include limits on tailpipe emissions
from motor vehicles and preconstruction and operating permit requirements for
certain large stationary sources. The EPA has also adopted rules requiring the
reporting of GHG emissions from specified large GHG emission sources in the
United States, as well as certain onshore oil and natural gas production
facilities, on an annual basis, including GHG emissions resulting from the
completion and workover operations of hydraulically fractured oil wells. Recent
federal regulatory action with respect to climate change has focused on methane
emissions. For example, 
in June 2016, the EPA
finalized new air emission controls for emissions of methane from certain
equipment and processes in the oil and natural gas source category, including
production, processing, transmission and storage activities. The final rule
package includes first-time standards to address emissions of methane from
equipment and processes across the source category, including hydraulically
fractured oil and natural gas well completions, and also imposes leak detection
and repair requirements on operators. However, in June 2017, the EPA proposed a
two year stay of fugitive emissions monitoring requirements, pneumatic pump
standards, and closed vent system certification requirements in the 2016 rule
while it reconsiders these aspects of the rule. Additionally, on September 11,
2018, the EPA proposed targeted improvements to the 2016 rule, including
amendments to the rule’s fugitive emissions monitoring requirements, and
expects to “significantly reduce” the regulatory burden of the rule in doing
so. The BLM finalized similar rules in November 2016 that limit methane
emissions from new and existing oil and natural gas operations on federal lands
through limitations on the venting and flaring of gas, as well as enhanced leak
detection and repair requirements but then finalized a revised rule in 2018
which scaled back the waste prevention requirements of the 2016 rule. Environmental
groups have sued in federal district court to challenge the legality of aspects
of the revised rule, and the outcome of this litigation is currently uncertain.

These methane emission rules have the potential to
increase our compliance costs.

While
Congress has from time to time considered legislation to reduce emissions of
GHGs, there has not been significant activity in the form of adopted
legislation to reduce emissions of GHGs in recent years. In the absence of
Congressional action, many states have established rules aimed at reducing GHG
emissions, including GHG cap and trade programs. Most of these cap and trade
programs work by requiring major sources of emissions, such as electric power
plants, or major producers of fuels, such as refineries and natural gas
processing plants, to acquire and surrender emission allowances. The number of
allowances available for purchase is reduced each year in an effort to achieve
the overall GHG emission reduction goal. In the future, the United States may
also choose to adhere to international agreements targeting GHG reductions.

The
adoption of legislation or regulatory programs to reduce emissions of GHGs
could require us to incur increased operating costs, such as costs to purchase
and operate emissions control systems, to acquire emissions allowances or to
comply with new regulatory or reporting requirements. Any such legislation or
regulatory programs could also increase the cost of consuming, and thereby reduce
demand for, the oil and natural gas we produce. Consequently, legislation and
regulatory programs to reduce emissions of GHGs could have an adverse effect on
our business, financial condition and results of operations. Reduced demand for
the oil and natural gas that we produce could also have the effect of lowering
the value of our reserves. It should also be noted that some scientists have
concluded that increasing concentrations of GHGs in the earth’s 

20

atmosphere may produce climate changes that have
significant physical effects, such as increased frequency and severity of
storms, droughts, and floods and other climatic events. If any such effects
were to occur, they could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and
results of operations. In addition, there have also been efforts in recent
years to influence the investment community, including investment advisors and
certain sovereign wealth, pension and endowment funds promoting divestment of
fossil fuel equities and pressuring lenders to limit funding to companies
engaged in the extraction of fossil fuel reserves. Such environmental activism
and initiatives aimed at limiting climate change and reducing air pollution
could interfere with our business activities, operations and ability to access
capital. Finally, increasing attention to the risks of climate change has
resulted in an increased possibility of lawsuits or investigations brought by
public and private entities against oil and natural gas companies in connection
with their GHG emissions. Should we be targeted by any such litigation or
investigations, we may incur liability, which, to the extent that societal
pressures or political or other factors are involved, could be imposed without
regard to the causation of or contribution to the asserted damage, or to other
mitigating factors. The ultimate impact of GHG emissions-related agreements,
legislation and measures on our company’s financial performance is highly
uncertain because the Company is unable to predict with certainty, for a multitude
of individual jurisdictions, the outcome of political decision-making processes
and the variables and tradeoffs that inevitably occur in connection with such
processes.

Estimates of proved reserves and future net cash flows are not
precise. The actual quantities of our proved reserves and our future net cash
flows may prove to be lower than estimated.

Numerous uncertainties exist in estimating quantities of proved reserves
and future net cash flows therefrom. Our estimates of proved reserves and
related future net cash flows are based on various assumptions, which may
ultimately prove to be inaccurate.

Petroleum engineering is a subjective process of estimating accumulations
of oil and natural gas that cannot be measured in an exact manner. Estimates of
economically recoverable oil and natural gas reserves and of future net cash
flows depend upon a number of variable factors and assumptions, including the
following:

·

historical production from the area compared with
production from other producing areas;

·

the assumed effects of regulations by governmental
agencies;

·

the quality, quantity and interpretation of available
relevant data;

·

assumptions concerning future commodity prices; and

·

assumptions concerning future operating costs,
severance and ad valorem taxes, development costs and workover and remedial
costs.

Because all reserve estimates are to some degree subjective, each of the
following items, or other items not identified below, may differ materially
from those assumed in estimating reserves:

·

the quantities of oil and natural gas that are
ultimately recovered;

·

the production and operating costs incurred;

·

the amount and timing of future development
expenditures; and

·

future commodity prices.

Furthermore, different reserve engineers may make different estimates of
reserves and cash flows based on the same data. Our actual production, revenues
and expenditures with respect to reserves will likely be different from
estimates and the differences may be material.

As
required by the SEC, the estimated discounted future net cash flows from proved
reserves are based on the average previous twelve months first-of-month prices
preceding the date of the estimate and costs as of the date of the estimate,
while actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or lower. Actual
future net cash flows also will be affected by factors such as:

·

the amount and timing of actual production; 

·

levels of future capital spending;

·

increases or decreases in the supply of or demand for
oil and natural gas; and

·

changes in governmental regulations or taxation.

21

Accordingly,
estimates included herein of future net cash flows may be materially different
from the future net cash flows that are ultimately received. Therefore, the
estimates of discounted future net cash flows in this report should not be
construed as accurate estimates of the current market value of our proved
reserves.

Our business requires substantial capital expenditures. We may be
unable to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms or at all,
which could lead to a decline in our oil and natural gas reserves.

The oil and natural gas industry is capital intensive. We make and expect
to continue to make substantial capital expenditures for the acquisition,
exploration and development of oil and natural gas reserves. At
December 31, 2018, we had approximately $242 million of debt outstanding
under our Credit Facility (and total debt at December 31, 2018 of $4.2
billion), and we had approximately $1.8 billion of unused commitments under our
Credit Facility. Expenditures for acquisition, exploration and development of
oil and natural gas properties are the primary use of our capital resources. We
incurred approximately $10.4 billion in acquisition, exploration and
development costs during the year ended December 31, 2018, of which
approximately $7.6 billion related to the RSP Acquisition. In October 2018, our
board of directors approved our 2019 capital budget, excluding acquisitions, of
up to approximately $3.8 billion. With current commodity prices, we expect
to spend between $2.8 billion and $3.0 billion on drilling and completion
activity.

We plan to spend approximately $3.3
billion over the next five years on future development costs associated with
proved undeveloped reserves.

We intend to finance our future capital expenditures, other than
significant acquisitions, through cash flow from operations and, if necessary,
through borrowings under our Credit Facility. However, our cash flow from
operations and access to capital are subject to a number of variables, including:

·

the volume of oil and natural gas we are able to
produce from existing wells;

·

our ability to transport our oil and natural gas to market;

·

the prices at which our commodities are sold; 

·

the costs of producing oil and natural gas;

·

global credit and securities markets; 

·

the ability and willingness of lenders and investors
to provide capital and the cost of the capital;

·

our ability to acquire, locate and produce new
reserves;

·

the impact of potential changes in our credit ratings;
and

·

our proved reserves.

We may not generate expected cash flows and may have limited ability to
obtain the capital necessary to sustain our operations at current or
anticipated levels. A decline in cash flow from operations or our financing
needs may require us to revise our capital program or alter or increase our
capitalization substantially through the issuance of debt or equity securities.
The issuance of additional equity securities could have a dilutive effect on
the value of our common stock. Additional borrowings under our Credit Facility
or the issuance of additional debt securities will require that a greater
portion of our cash flow from operations be used for the payment of interest
and principal on our debt, thereby reducing our ability to use cash flow to
fund working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions. In addition, our
Credit Facility imposes certain limitations on our ability to incur additional
indebtedness other than indebtedness under our Credit Facility. If we desire to
issue additional debt securities other than as expressly permitted under our
Credit Facility, we will be required to seek the consent of the lenders in
accordance with the requirements of our Credit Facility, which consent may be
withheld by the lenders at their discretion. Additional financing also may not
be available on acceptable terms or at all. In the event additional capital
resources are unavailable, we may curtail drilling, development and other activities
or be forced to sell some of our assets on an untimely or unfavorable basis.

The failure to obtain additional financing could result in a curtailment
of our operations relating to the development of our undeveloped acreage or the
curtailment of acquisitions that may be favorable to us, which in turn could
lead to a decline in our oil and natural gas reserves, and could adversely
affect our production, revenues and results of operations.

A decline
in general economic, business or industry conditions could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations.

A global
economic downturn, particularly with respect to the U.S. economy or the oil and
natural gas industry, and global financial and credit market disruptions reduce
the availability of liquidity and credit to fund the continuation and expansion
of industrial business operations worldwide, which can result in a slowdown in
economic activity. Reduced worldwide demand for 

22

energy
often results in lower commodity prices, which will reduce our cash flows and
may affect our borrowing ability. If the economic climate in the United States
or abroad deteriorates, we may be unable to obtain needed capital or financing
on satisfactory terms, which could lead to a decline in our reserves as
existing reserves are depleted. Lower commodity prices may also reduce the
amount of oil and natural gas that we can produce economically, which could
ultimately decrease our net revenue and profitability. In addition, reduced
worldwide demand for securities issued by oil and natural gas companies or
depressed trading prices of the debt and equity securities of oil and natural
gas companies generally may depress the market value of our securities or make
it more difficult for us to raise capital.

Recently
enacted legislation will affect our tax position; however, certain federal
income tax deductions currently available with respect to oil and natural gas
exploration and development may be eliminated. Additional state taxes on oil
and natural gas extraction may be imposed, as a result of future legislation.

In
December 2017, Congress enacted the budget reconciliation act commonly referred
to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (“TCJA”). The law made significant changes to
U.S. federal income tax laws, including reducing the corporate income tax rate
from 35 percent to 21 percent, repealing the corporate alternative minimum tax
(“AMT”), partially limiting the deductibility of interest expense and net
operating losses (“NOLs”), eliminating the deduction for certain U.S.
production activities and allowing the immediate deduction of certain new
investments in lieu of depreciation expense over time. Although we have
evaluated the TCJA and recorded adjustments as required in our financial
statements, many aspects of the TCJA are unclear and may not be clarified for
some time. We will continue to monitor any new administrative guidance or tax
law interpretation. 

In recent
years, U.S. lawmakers have proposed certain significant changes to U.S. tax
laws applicable to oil and natural gas companies. These changes include, but
are not limited to: (i) the elimination of current deductions for intangible
drilling and development costs; (ii) the repeal of the percentage depletion
allowance for oil and natural gas properties; and (iii) an extension of the
amortization period for certain geological and geophysical expenditures.
Although these changes were not included in the TCJA, it is unclear whether any
such changes will be enacted or if enacted, when such changes could be
effective. If such proposed changes were to be enacted, as well as any similar
changes in state law, it could eliminate or postpone certain tax deductions
that are currently available to us with respect to oil and natural gas
exploration and development, and any such change could negatively affect our
financial condition and results of operations.

Additionally,
future legislation could be enacted that increases the taxes or fees imposed on
oil and natural gas extraction. Any such legislation could result in increased
operating costs and/or reduced consumer demand for petroleum products, which in
turn could affect the prices we receive for our oil and natural gas.

Our ability to use our existing
net operating loss carryforwards or other tax attributes could be limited.

At
December 31, 2018, we had approximately $2.2 billion of federal NOL
carryforwards available to offset against future taxable income. Of these NOL
carryforwards, $1.5 billion were generated prior to the effective date of new
limitations on utilization of NOLs imposed by the TCJA and are allowable as a
deduction against 100 percent of taxable income in future years but will begin
to expire in the tax year 2034. The estimated current year NOL of approximately
$675 million is subject to an 80 percent limitation but has an indefinite carryforward
life. Included in our $2.2 billion of federal NOL carryforwards is
approximately $516 million net NOLs that we acquired as part of the RSP
Acquisition. These acquired tax attributes are subject to an annual limitation
under Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“Section
382”). However, based on the annual limitation amount, the NOLs and credits are
expected to be fully utilizable by the tax year 2022.

Utilization
of any NOL depends on many factors, including our ability to generate future
taxable income, which cannot be assured. In addition, Section 382 generally
imposes an annual limitation on the amount of NOLs that may be used to offset
taxable income when a corporation has undergone an “ownership change” (as
determined under Section 382). An ownership change generally occurs if one or
more stockholders (or groups of stockholders) who are each deemed to own at
least five percent of our stock change their ownership by more than 50
percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling
three-year period. In the event that an ownership change has occurred, or were
to occur, utilization of our NOLs would be subject to an annual limitation
under Section 382, determined by multiplying the value of our equity at the
time of the ownership change by the applicable long-term tax-exempt rate as
defined in Section 382, and potentially increased for certain gains recognized
within five years after the ownership change if we have a net built-in gain in
our assets at the time of the ownership change. Any unused annual limitation
may be carried over to later years. We do not believe that an ownership change
has occurred as a result of our recent equity offerings or our issuance of
shares in connection with various acquisitions. As such, Section 382 is not
expected to limit our ability to utilize our NOL carryforward or any other tax
attribute at December 31, 2018. Future ownership changes or future regulatory
changes could limit our ability to utilize our NOLs. To the extent we are not
able to offset our future income with our NOLs, this could adversely affect our
operating results and cash flows once we attain profitability. 

We have
substantial indebtedness and may incur substantially more debt. Higher levels
of indebtedness make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse
developments in our business. 

We had
approximately $
4.2 
billion of outstanding 
aggregate principal indebtedness
 at December 31,
2018. At December 31, 2018, commitments from our bank group were $2.0 billion,
of which $
1.8 
billion was unused commitments.
We continue to review our existing indebtedness, and we may seek to repay,
refinance, repurchase, redeem, exchange or otherwise terminate 

23

our indebtedness. If we do seek to refinance our existing
indebtedness, there can be no guarantee that we would be able to execute the
refinancing on favorable terms or at all.

As a
result of our indebtedness, we use a portion of our cash flow to pay interest,
which reduces the amount we have available to fund our operations and other
business activities and could limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting
to changes in our business and the industry in which we operate. Our
indebtedness under our Credit Facility is at a variable interest rate, and so a
rise in interest rates will generate greater interest expense. 

We may
incur substantially more debt in the future. Our Credit Facility and the
indentures governing our senior notes contain restrictions on our incurrence of
additional indebtedness. These restrictions, however, are subject to a number
of qualifications and exceptions, and under certain circumstances, we could
incur substantial additional indebtedness in compliance with these
restrictions. Moreover, these restrictions do not prevent us from incurring
obligations that do not constitute indebtedness under the indentures. 

Any
increase in our level of indebtedness could have adverse effects on our
financial condition and results of operations, including:

·

imposing additional cash requirements on us in order
to support interest payments, which reduces the amount we have available to
fund our operations and other business activities;

·

increasing the risk that we may default on our debt
obligations;

·

increasing our vulnerability to adverse changes in
general economic and industry conditions, economic downturns and adverse
developments in our business;

·

limiting our ability to sell assets, engage in
strategic transactions or obtain additional financing for working capital,
capital expenditures, general corporate and other purposes;

·

limiting our flexibility in planning for or reacting
to changes in our business and the industry in which we operate; and

·

increasing our exposure to a rise in interest rates,
which will generate greater interest expense. 

Our ability to meet our debt obligations and to reduce
our level of indebtedness depends on our future performance, which is affected
by general economic conditions and financial, business and other factors, many
of which are out of our control.

If we are unable to comply with the restrictions and covenants in the
agreements governing our indebtedness, there could be a default under the terms
of these agreements, which could result in an acceleration of payment of funds
that we have borrowed.

Our
ability to meet our debt obligations and other expenses will depend on our
future performance, which will be affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory
and other factors, many of which we are unable to control. If our cash flow is
not sufficient to service our debt, we may be required to refinance debt, sell
assets or sell additional equity on terms that we may not find attractive if it
may be done at all. 
If we are unable to generate
sufficient cash flow and are otherwise unable to obtain funds necessary to meet
required payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on our
indebtedness, or if we otherwise fail to comply with the various covenants,
including financial and operating covenants, in the agreements governing our
indebtedness, we could be in default under the terms of the agreements
governing such indebtedness. In the event of such default:

·

the holders of such indebtedness could elect to
declare all the funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable, together with
accrued and unpaid interest;

·

the lenders under our Credit Facility could elect to
terminate their commitments thereunder and cease making further loans; and

·

we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation.

If our operating performance declines, we may in the future need to
obtain waivers under our Credit Facility to avoid being in default. If we
breach our covenants under our Credit Facility cannot obtain a waiver from the
required lenders, we would be in default under our Credit Facility, the lenders
could exercise their rights, as described above, and we could be forced into
bankruptcy or liquidation. 

A downgrade in our
credit rating could negatively impact our cost of and ability to access
capital.

24

We receive
debt credit ratings from S&P Global Ratings (“S&P”), Moody’s Investors
Service, Inc. (“Moody’s”) and Fitch Ratings (“Fitch”), which are subject to
regular reviews. In August 2017, our long-term debt was assigned a first-time
investment grade rating by Fitch, and our rating by S&P was raised to an investment
grade rating. In determining our ratings, the agencies consider a number of
qualitative and quantitative factors including, but not limited to: the
industry in which we operate, production growth opportunities, liquidity, debt
levels and asset and reserve mix. 

A downgrade in our credit ratings could (i) negatively impact our costs
of capital and our ability to effectively execute aspects of our strategy, (ii)
affect our ability to raise debt in the public debt markets, and the cost of
any new debt could be much higher than our outstanding debt and (iii)
negatively affect our ability to obtain additional financing or the interest
rate, fees and other terms associated with such additional financing. In
September 2017, we elected to enter into an Investment Grade Period under our
Credit Facility, as defined in Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data,”
which had the effect of releasing all collateral formerly securing our Credit
Facility. If we are unable to maintain credit ratings of “Ba2” or better from
Moody’s and “BB” or better from S&P, the Investment Grade Period will
automatically terminate and cause our Credit Facility to once again be secured
by a first lien on substantially all of our oil and natural gas properties and
by a pledge of the equity interests in our subsidiaries. These and other
impacts of a downgrade in our credit ratings could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

As of the filing of this report, no additional changes in our credit
ratings have occurred; however, we cannot be assured that our credit ratings
will not be downgraded in the future.

Our operations expose us to significant costs and liabilities with
respect to environmental and operational safety matters.

We may incur significant delays, costs and liabilities as a result of
environmental, occupational health and safety requirements applicable to our
oil and natural gas exploration, development and production, and related
saltwater disposal activities. These delays, costs and liabilities could arise
under a wide range of federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to
protection of the environment, occupational health and safety, including
regulations and enforcement policies that have tended to become increasingly
strict over time. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations may result
in the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal penalties, imposition
of cleanup and site restoration costs and liens, and, in some instances,
issuance of orders or injunctions limiting or requiring discontinuation of
certain operations. In addition, claims for damages to persons or property,
including natural resources, may result from the environmental, health and
safety impacts of our operations.

Strict as well as joint and several liability for a variety of
environmental costs may be imposed on us under certain environmental laws,
which could cause us to become liable for the conduct of others or for
consequences of our own actions that were in compliance with all applicable
laws at the time those actions were taken. Costs stemming from environmental
remediation obligations could be significant and adversely affect our financial
condition and results of operations. New laws, regulations or enforcement
policies could be more stringent and impose unforeseen liabilities or
significantly increase compliance costs. 

No assurance can be given that
continued compliance with existing or future environmental laws and regulations
will not result in a curtailment of production or processing activities or
result in a material increase in the costs of production, development,
exploration or processing operations. 
If we are not
able to recover the resulting costs through insurance or increased revenues,
our production, revenues and results of operations could be adversely affected.

Our
producing properties are concentrated in the Permian Basin of Southeast New
Mexico and West Texas, making us vulnerable to risks associated with operating
in one major geographic area. In addition, substantially all of our proved
reserves are attributable to this area. 

Our producing properties are geographically concentrated in the Permian
Basin of Southeast New Mexico and West Texas. At December 31, 2018,
substantially all of our total estimated proved reserves were attributable to