You should consider carefully the following risk factors together with
all of the other information included in this report and other reports filed
with the SEC before investing in our securities. If any of the following risks
were actually to occur, our business, financial condition or results of
operations could be materially adversely affected. In that case, the trading
price of our securities could decline and you could lose all or part of your
investment.

Risks
Related to Our Business  

Oil,
natural gas and natural gas liquid prices are volatile. A decline in oil,
natural gas and 

natural gas liquid

prices could adversely affect our financial position, financial results, cash
flow, access to capital and ability to grow.  

Our future financial condition,
revenues, results of operations, rate of growth and the carrying value of our
oil and natural gas properties depend primarily upon the prices we receive for
our oil and natural gas production and the prices prevailing from time to time
for oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids. Oil, natural gas and natural gas
liquid prices historically have been volatile, and are likely to continue to be
volatile in the future, especially given current geopolitical conditions. This
price volatility also affects the amount of cash flow we have available for
capital expenditures and our ability to borrow money or raise additional
capital. The prices and levels of production for oil, natural gas and natural
gas liquids are subject to a variety of factors beyond our control, including:

·

the overall global demand for oil, natural gas and natural gas
liquids;

·

the domestic and foreign supply of oil, natural gas and natural
gas liquids;

·

the overall North American oil, natural gas and natural gas
liquids supply and demand fundamentals, including:

•

the U.S.
economy,

•

weather
conditions, and

•

liquefied
natural gas deliveries to and exports from the United States;

·

economic conditions worldwide;

·

the level of global inventories;

·

political and economic developments in oil and natural gas
producing regions, including Africa, South America and the Middle East;

·

the extent to which members of the Organization of Petroleum
Exporting Countries and other oil exporting nations are able to influence
global oil supply levels;

·

technological advances affecting energy consumption and energy
supply;

·

the effect of energy conservation efforts;

·

political and economic events that directly or indirectly impact
the relative strength or weakness of the U.S. dollar, on which oil prices are
benchmarked globally, against foreign currencies; 

·

domestic and foreign governmental regulations, including limits on
the United States’ ability to export crude oil, and taxation;

·

the cost and availability of products and personnel needed for us
to produce oil and natural gas, including rigs, crews, sand, water and water
disposal;

·

risks related to the concentration of our operations in the
Permian Basin of southeast New Mexico and west Texas and the level of commodity
inventory in the Permian Basin;

·

the proximity, capacity, cost and availability of pipelines and
other transportation facilities, as well as the availability of commodity
processing and gathering and refining capacity;

·

the quality of the oil we produce; and

·

the price and availability of alternative fuels.

18

Furthermore, oil and natural gas
prices continued to be volatile in 2017. For example, the NYMEX oil prices in
2017 ranged from a high of $60.42 to a low of $42.53 per Bbl and the NYMEX
natural gas prices in 2017 ranged from a high of $3.72 to a low of $2.56 per
MMBtu. Further, the NYMEX oil prices and NYMEX natural gas prices reached highs
of $66.14 per Bbl and $3.63 per MMBtu, respectively, during the period from
January 1, 2018 to February 16, 2018.

Declines in oil,
natural gas and natural gas liquid prices would not only reduce our revenue,
but could also reduce the amount of oil and natural gas that we can produce
economically. This in turn would lower the amount of oil and natural gas
reserves we could recognize and, as a result, could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. If the
 oil and natural gas industry experiences significant price
declines for a sustained period, such as those experienced in 2015 to 2017, we
may, among other things, be unable to maintain or increase our borrowing
capacity, repay current or future indebtedness or obtain additional capital on
attractive terms, all of which can adversely affect the value of our
securities. 

Approximately
30 percent of our total estimated proved reserves at December 31, 2017 were
undeveloped, and those reserves may not ultimately be developed.

At
December 31, 2017, approximately 30 percent of our total estimated
proved reserves were undeveloped. Recovery of undeveloped reserves requires
significant capital expenditures and successful drilling. Our reserves data
assumes that we can and will make these expenditures and conduct these
operations successfully. These assumptions, however, may not prove correct. Our
reserve report at December 31, 2017 includes estimates of total future
development costs over the next five years associated with our proved
undeveloped reserves of approximately $2.3 billion. If we choose not to spend
the capital to develop these reserves, or if we are not otherwise able to
successfully develop these reserves, we will be required to write-off these
reserves. In addition, under the SEC’s reserve rules, because proved
undeveloped reserves may be recognized only if they relate to wells planned to
be drilled within five years of the date of their initial recognition, we may
be required to write-off any proved undeveloped reserves that are not developed
within this five-year timeframe. For example, as of December 31, 2017, we
wrote-off approximately 
61

MMBoe of proved undeveloped reserves because they are
no longer expected to be developed within five years of the date of their
initial recognition.

Drilling
for and producing oil and natural gas are high-risk activities with many
uncertainties that could cause our costs to increase or production volumes to
decrease, which would reduce our cash flows.

Our future
financial condition and results of operations depend on the success of our
exploration and production activities. Our oil and natural gas exploration and
production activities are subject to numerous risks beyond our control,
including the risk that drilling will not result in commercially viable oil or
natural gas production. Our decisions to purchase, explore, develop or
otherwise exploit prospects or properties will depend in part on the evaluation
of data obtained through geophysical and geological analyses, production data
and engineering studies, the results of which are often inconclusive or subject
to varying interpretations. Our cost of drilling, completing, equipping and
operating wells is often uncertain before drilling commences. Overruns in
budgeted expenditures are common risks that can make a particular project
uneconomical or less economical than forecasted. Further, many factors may
curtail, delay or cancel drilling, including the following:

·

shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment and qualified personnel
or in obtaining sand or water for hydraulic fracturing activities;

·

delays imposed by or resulting from compliance with regulatory and
contractual requirements;

·

reductions in oil, natural gas and natural gas liquid prices;

·

pressure or irregularities in geological formations;

·

equipment failures or accidents;

·

adverse weather conditions;

·

political events, public protests, civil disturbances, terrorist
acts or cyber attacks;

·

environmental
hazards, such as natural gas leaks, oil spills, pipeline and tank ruptures,
encountering naturally occurring radioactive materials, and unauthorized
discharges of brine, well stimulation and completion fluids, toxic gases or
other pollutants into the surface and subsurface environment;

·

surface access restrictions;

·

failure to obtain regulatory and third-party approvals;

·

actions by third-party operators of our properties;

19

·

loss of title or other title related issues;

·

delays and costs of
 drilling
wells on lands subject to complex development terms and circumstances;

·

oil, natural gas liquids or natural gas gathering, transportation
and processing availability restrictions or limitations;

·

limitations in the market for oil, natural gas and natural gas
liquids; and

·

limited availability of financing at acceptable terms.

        In
addition, the results of our exploratory drilling in new or emerging plays are
more uncertain than drilling results in areas that are developed and have
established production. Since new or emerging plays and new formations have
limited or no production history, we are unable to use past drilling results in
those areas to help predict our future drilling results. As a result, our cost
of drilling, completing and operating wells in these areas may be higher than
initially expected, and the value of our undeveloped acreage will decline if
drilling results are unsuccessful.

Multi-well
pad drilling and project development may result in volatility in our operating
results.

We utilize
multi-well pad drilling and project development where practical. Project
development may involve more than one multi-well pad being drilled and
completed at one time in a relatively confined area.  Wells drilled on a pad or
in a project may not be brought into production until all wells on the pad or
project are drilled and completed.  Problems affecting one pad or a single well
could adversely affect production from all of the wells on the pad or in the
entire project. As a result, multi-well pad drilling and project development
can cause delays in the scheduled commencement of production, or interruptions
in ongoing production. These delays or interruptions may cause declines or
volatility in our operating results due to timing as well as declines in oil
and natural gas prices. Further, any delay, reduction or curtailment of our
development and producing operations, due to operational delays caused by
multi-well pad drilling or project development, or otherwise, could result in
the loss of acreage through lease expirations.

Additionally,
infrastructure expansion, including more complex facilities and takeaway
capacity, could become challenging in project development areas. Managing
capital expenditures for infrastructure expansion could cause economic
constraints when considering design capacity.

Prolonged decreases in our drilling
program may require us to pay certain non-use fees or impact our ability to
comply with certain contractual requirements. 

Oil prices
declined substantially during the second half of 2014 and continued to decline
through 2016, but began to recover in 2017. In the event that oil prices
declined for a sustained period, we may experience significant decreases in
drilling activity. Due to the nature of our drilling programs and the oil
and natural gas industry in general, we are a party to certain agreements that
require us to meet various contractual obligations or require us to utilize a
certain amount of goods or services, including, but not limited to, water
commitments, throughput volume commitments, power commitments and drilling
commitments. In the event that oil and natural gas prices decrease, and as a
result continue to reduce the demand for drilling and production, this could
lead to a decrease in our drilling activity and production levels, which could,
in turn, require us to pay for unutilized goods or services or impact our
ability to meet these contractual obligations.

We may incur losses as a result
of title defects in our oil and natural gas properties.

It is our
practice to initially conduct only a cursory title review of the oil and natural
gas properties on which we do not have proved reserves. To the extent title
opinions or other investigations prior to our commencement of drilling
operations reflect defects affecting such properties, we are typically
responsible for curing any such defects at our expense. Additionally, the
discovery of any such defects could delay or prohibit the commencement of
drilling operations on the affected properties. These impacts and other
potential losses resulting from title defects in our oil and natural gas