You should consider carefully the following
 together with all of the other information included in this report
and other reports filed with the SEC before investing in our securities. If any
of the following risks were actually to occur, our business, financial
condition or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In
that case, the trading price of our securities could decline and you could lose
all or part of your investment.

Risks Related to Our Business

Oil, natural gas and natural gas liquid prices are volatile and
continued to decline significantly during 2015, with sustained lower prices
through 2016. An extended continuation of, or a further decline in, oil,
natural gas and 

natural gas liquid

 prices could adversely affect our financial position, financial
results, cash flow, access to capital and ability to grow.

Our future financial
condition, revenues, results of operations, rate of growth and the carrying
value of our oil and natural gas properties depend primarily upon the prices we
receive for our oil and natural gas production and the prices prevailing from
time to time for oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids. Oil, natural gas,
and natural gas liquid prices historically have been volatile, and are likely
to continue to be volatile in the future, especially given current geopolitical
conditions. This price volatility also affects the amount of cash flow we have
available for capital expenditures and our ability to borrow money or raise
additional capital. The prices and levels of production for oil, natural gas
and natural gas liquids are subject to a variety of factors beyond our control,
including:

·

the level of consumer demand for oil, natural gas and natural gas
liquids;

·

the domestic and foreign supply of oil, natural gas, and natural
gas liquids;

·

inventory levels of Cushing, Oklahoma, the benchmark for WTI oil
prices;

·

liquefied natural gas deliveries to and from the United States;

·

commodity processing, gathering and transportation availability
and the availability of refining capacity;

·

the price and level of imports of foreign oil and natural gas;

·

the ability of the members of the Organization of Petroleum
Exporting Countries and other oil exporting nations to agree to and maintain oil
price and production controls;

·

domestic and foreign governmental regulations and taxes;

·

the price and availability of alternative fuel sources;

·

weather conditions;

·

political conditions or hostilities in oil and natural gas
producing regions, including the Middle East, Africa and South America;

·

technological advances affecting energy consumption and energy
supply; 

·

effect of energy conservation efforts;

·

variations between product prices at sales points and applicable
index prices; and

·

worldwide economic conditions.

Furthermore, oil and natural
gas prices continued to be volatile in 2016. For example, the NYMEX oil prices
in 2016 ranged from a high of $54.06 to a low of $26.21 per Bbl and the NYMEX
natural gas prices in 2016 ranged from a high of $3.93 to a low of $1.64 per
MMBtu. Further, the NYMEX oil prices and NYMEX natural gas prices reached lows
of $50.82 per Bbl and $2.83 per MMBtu, respectively, during the period from
January 1, 2017 to February 17, 2017.

18

Declines
in oil, natural gas and natural gas liquid prices would not only reduce our
revenue, but could also reduce the amount of oil and natural gas that we can
produce economically. This in turn would lower the amount of oil and natural
gas reserves we could recognize and, as a result, could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition and results of operations. If the
 oil and natural gas industry continues to experience significant
price declines, we may, among other things, be unable to maintain or increase
our borrowing capacity, repay current or future indebtedness or obtain
additional capital on attractive terms, all of which can adversely affect the
value of our securities.

Approximately 35.3 percent of our total estimated proved reserves at
December 31, 2016 were undeveloped, and those reserves may not ultimately be
developed.

At
December 31, 2016, approximately 35.3 percent
of our total estimated proved reserves were undeveloped. Recovery of
undeveloped reserves requires significant capital expenditures and successful
drilling. Our reserve data assumes that we can and will make these expenditures
and conduct these operations successfully. These assumptions, however, may not
prove correct. Our reserve report at December 31, 2016 includes estimates of
total future development costs over the next five years associated with our
proved undeveloped reserves of approximately $2.1 billion. If we choose not to
spend the capital to develop these reserves, or if we are not otherwise able to
successfully develop these reserves, we will be required to write-off these
reserves. In addition, under the SEC’s reserve rules, because proved
undeveloped reserves may be booked only if they relate to wells planned to be
drilled within five years of the date of booking, we may be required to
write-off any proved undeveloped reserves that are not developed within this
five-year timeframe. For example, as of December 31, 2016, we wrote-off
approximately 57.4 MMBoe of proved undeveloped reserves because they are no
longer expected to be developed within five years of their initial recording.
Any such write-offs of our reserves could reduce our ability to borrow money
and could reduce the value of our securities.

Drilling for and producing oil and natural gas are high-risk activities
with many uncertainties that could cause our costs to increase or production
volumes to decrease, which would reduce our cash flows.

Our
future financial condition and results of operations will depend on the success
of our exploration and production activities. Our oil and natural gas
exploration and production activities are subject to numerous risks beyond our
control, including the risk that drilling will not result in commercially
viable oil or natural gas production. Our decisions to purchase, explore,
develop or otherwise exploit prospects or properties will depend in part on the
evaluation of data obtained through geophysical and geological analyses,
production data and engineering studies, the results of which are often inconclusive
or subject to varying interpretations. Our cost of drilling, completing,
equipping and operating wells is often uncertain before drilling commences.
Overruns in budgeted expenditures are common risks that can make a particular
project uneconomical or less economical than forecasted. Further, many factors
may curtail, delay or cancel drilling, including the following:

·

delays imposed by or resulting from compliance with regulatory and
contractual requirements;

·

reductions in oil, natural gas and natural gas liquid prices;

·

pressure or irregularities in geological formations;

·

shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment and qualified
personnel or in obtaining water for hydraulic fracturing activities;

·

equipment failures or accidents;

·

adverse weather conditions;

·

political events, public protests, civil disturbances, terrorist
acts or cyber attacks;

·

environmental hazards, such as natural gas leaks, oil spills,
pipeline and tank ruptures, encountering naturally occurring radioactive
materials, and unauthorized discharges of brine, well stimulation and
completion fluids, toxic gases or other pollutants into the surface and
subsurface environment;

·

limited availability of financing at acceptable terms; 

·

surface access restrictions;

19

·

loss of title or other title related issues;

·

oil, natural gas liquids or natural gas gathering, transportation
and processing availability restrictions or limitations; and

·

limitations in the market for oil, natural gas and natural gas
liquids.

Prolonged decreases in our
drilling program may require us to pay certain non-use fees or impact our
ability to comply with certain contractual requirements. 

Oil
prices declined substantially during the second half of 2014 and continued to
decline through 2015 with sustained lower prices through 2016. In the
event that oil and natural gas prices remain depressed for a sustained period,
or continue to further decline, we may experience significant decreases in
drilling activity. Due to the nature of our drilling programs and the oil
and natural gas industry generally, we are a party to certain agreements that
require us to meet various contractual obligations or require us to utilize a
certain amount of goods or services, including, but not limited to, water
commitments, throughput volume commitments, power commitments and drilling
commitments. In the event that oil and natural gas prices remain depressed, and
as a result continue to reduce the demand for drilling and production, this
could lead to a decrease in our drilling activity and production levels, which
could, in turn, require us to pay for unutilized goods or services or impact
our ability to meet these contractual obligations.

We may incur losses as a
result of title defects in our oil and natural gas properties.

It
is our practice to initially conduct only a cursory title review of the oil and
natural gas properties on which we do not have proved reserves. To the extent
title opinions or other investigations prior to our commencement of drilling operations
reflect defects affecting such properties, we are typically responsible for
curing any such defects at our expense. Additionally, the discovery of any
such defects could delay or prohibit the commencement of drilling operations on
the affected properties. These impacts and other potential losses
resulting from title defects in our oil and natural gas properties could have a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of
operations.

Federal, state
and local legislation and regulatory initiatives relating to hydraulic fracturing,
as well as governmental reviews of such activities, could result in increased
costs and additional operating restrictions or delays and adversely affect our
production.

Hydraulic fracturing is an important and
common practice that is used to stimulate production of hydrocarbons from tight
formations. We routinely utilize hydraulic fracturing techniques in many of our
drilling and completion programs. The process involves the injection of water,
sand and chemicals under pressure into the formation to fracture the
surrounding rock and stimulate production. The process is typically regulated
by state oil and natural gas commissions. However, the EPA recently asserted
federal regulatory authority over hydraulic fracturing involving diesel
additives under the SDWA’s Underground Injection Control Program and issued
guidance in February 2014, governing such activities. The EPA has also issued:
final regulations under the CAA establishing performance standards, including
standards for the capture of VOCs and methane released during hydraulic
fracturing; an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking under the Toxic
Substances Control Act to require companies to disclose information regarding
the chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing; and final rules in June 2016 to
prohibit the discharge of wastewater from hydraulic fracturing operations to
publicly owned wastewater treatment plants. In addition, the BLM finalized
rules in March 2015 that impose new or more stringent standards for performing
hydraulic fracturing on federal and American Indian lands. The United States
District Court of Wyoming has temporarily stayed implementation of this rule. A
final decision has not yet been issued.

At the state level, several states have
adopted or are considering legal requirements that could impose more stringent
permitting, disclosure, and well construction requirements on hydraulic
fracturing activities. For example, New Mexico and Texas have adopted hydraulic
fracturing fluid disclosure requirements, and the RRC has also adopted rules
governing well casing, cementing and other standards for ensuring that
hydraulic fracturing operations do not contaminate nearby water resources. In
addition, local governments have also taken steps to regulate hydraulic
fracturing, including imposing restrictions or moratoria on oil and gas
activities occurring within their boundaries. If new or more stringent federal,
state, or local legal restrictions relating to the hydraulic fracturing process
are adopted in areas where we operate, we could incur potentially significant
added costs to comply with such requirements, experience delays or curtailment
in the pursuit of exploration, development, or production activities, and
perhaps even be precluded from drilling wells. 

In addition, certain governmental
reviews are either underway or being proposed that focus on environmental
aspects of hydraulic fracturing practices. For example, in December 2016, the
EPA released its final report on the potential impacts of 

20

hydraulic
fracturing on drinking water resources. The final report concluded that “water
cycle” activities associated with hydraulic fracturing may impact drinking
water resources under some circumstances, noting that the following hydraulic
fracturing water cycle activities and local- or regional-scale factors are more
likely than others to result in more frequent or more severe impacts: water
withdrawals for fracturing in times or areas of low water availability; surface
spills during the management of fracturing fluids, chemicals or produced water;
injection of fracturing fluids into wells with inadequate mechanical integrity;
injection of fracturing fluids directly into groundwater resources; discharge
of inadequately treated fracturing wastewater to surface waters; and disposal
or storage of fracturing wastewater in unlined pits. Since the report did not
find a direct link between hydraulic fracturing itself and contamination of
groundwater resources, this years-long study report does not appear to provide
any basis for further regulation of hydraulic fracturing at the federal level.

If new laws or regulations that
significantly restrict hydraulic fracturing are adopted, such laws could make
it more difficult or costly for us to perform fracturing to stimulate
production from tight formations. In addition, if hydraulic fracturing becomes
regulated at the federal level as a result of federal legislation or regulatory
initiatives by the EPA, our fracturing activities could become subject to
additional permitting requirements and could also result in permitting delays
and potential cost increases. Restrictions on hydraulic fracturing could also
reduce the amount of oil and natural gas that we are ultimately able to produce
from our reserves.

Our operations are substantially dependent on the
availability of water. Restrictions on our ability to obtain water may
have an adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows.

Water is an essential component of both
the drilling and hydraulic fracturing processes. Historically, we have
been able to purchase water from local land owners and other sources for use in
our operations. Over the past few years, extreme drought conditions
persisted in West Texas and Southeast New Mexico. Although conditions have
improved, we cannot guarantee what conditions may occur in the future. Severe
drought conditions can result in local water districts taking steps to restrict
the use of water subject to their jurisdiction for drilling and hydraulic
fracturing in order to protect the local water supply. If we are unable to
obtain water to use in our operations from local sources, we may be unable to
economically produce oil and natural gas, which could have an adverse effect on
our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Estimates of proved reserves and future net cash flows are not precise.
The actual quantities of our proved reserves and our future net cash flows may
prove to be lower than estimated.

Numerous
uncertainties exist in estimating quantities of proved reserves and future net
cash flows therefrom. Our estimates of proved reserves and related future net
cash flows are based on various assumptions, which may ultimately prove to be
inaccurate.

Petroleum engineering is a
subjective process of estimating accumulations of oil and natural gas that
cannot be measured in an exact manner. Estimates of economically recoverable
oil and natural gas reserves and of future net cash flows depend upon a number
of variable factors and assumptions, including the following:

·

historical production from the area compared with production from
other producing areas;

·

the assumed effects of regulations by governmental agencies;

·

the quality, quantity and interpretation of available relevant
data;

·

assumptions concerning future commodity prices; and

·

assumptions concerning future operating costs; severance, ad
valorem and excise taxes; development costs; and workover and remedial costs.

Because all reserve
estimates are to some degree subjective, each of the following items, or other
items not identified below, may differ materially from those assumed in
estimating reserves:

·

the quantities of oil and natural gas that are ultimately
recovered;

·

the production and operating costs incurred;

21

·

the amount and timing of future development expenditures; and

·

future commodity prices.

Furthermore, different
reserve engineers may make different estimates of reserves and cash flows based
on the same data. Our actual production, revenues and expenditures with respect
to reserves will likely be different from estimates and the differences may be
material.

As required by the SEC, the estimated
discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves are based on the average previous
twelve months first-of-month prices preceding the date of the estimate and
costs as of the date of the estimate, while actual future prices and costs may
be materially higher or lower. Actual future net cash flows also will be
affected by factors such as:

·

the amount and timing of actual production; 

·

levels of future capital spending;

·

increases or decreases in the supply of or demand for oil, natural
gas liquids and natural gas; and

·

changes in governmental regulations or taxation.

Accordingly, estimates included herein
of future net cash flows may be materially different from the future net cash
flows that are ultimately received. Therefore, the estimates of discounted
future net cash flows in this report should not be construed as accurate
estimates of the current market value of our proved reserves.

Our business requires substantial capital expenditures. We may be unable
to obtain needed capital or financing on satisfactory terms or at all, which
could lead to a decline in our oil and natural gas reserves.

The
oil and natural gas industry is capital intensive. We make and expect to
continue to make substantial capital expenditures for the acquisition,
exploration and development of oil and natural gas reserves. At
December 31, 2016, we had no outstanding debt under our credit facility
(and total debt at December 31, 2016 was $2.7 billion), and we had
approximately $2.5 billion of unused commitments under our credit facility.
Expenditures for acquisition, exploration and development of oil and natural
gas properties are the primary use of our capital resources. We incurred
approximately $3.3 billion in acquisition, exploration and development
activities (excluding asset retirement obligations) during the year ended
December 31, 2016. In February 2017, we announced our updated 2017 capital
budget, excluding acquisitions, of approximately $1.8 billion with
expected capital spending to range between $1.6 billion and $1.8 billion. Approximately
90 percent of capital will be directed to drilling and completion
activity. Our 2017 capital program is expected to continue focusing on extended
length lateral drilling. Our 2017 capital budget, based on our current
expectations of commodity prices and costs, is expected to be within our cash
flows. Our budget could change depending on numerous factors, including
commodity prices, leverage metrics and industry conditions. We plan to spend
approximately $2.1 billion over the next five years on future development costs
associated with proved undeveloped reserves.

We intend to finance our
future capital expenditures, other than significant acquisitions, through cash
flow from operations and through borrowings under our credit facility; however,
our financing needs may require us to alter or increase our capitalization
substantially through the issuance of debt or equity securities. The issuance
of additional equity securities could have a dilutive effect on the value of
our common stock. Additional borrowings under our credit facility or the
issuance of additional debt securities will require that a greater portion of
our cash flow from operations be used for the payment of interest and principal
on our debt, thereby reducing our ability to use cash flow to fund working
capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions. In addition, our credit
facility imposes certain limitations on our ability to incur additional
indebtedness other than indebtedness under our credit facility. If we desire to
issue additional debt securities other than as expressly permitted under our
credit facility, we will be required to seek the consent of the lenders in
accordance with the requirements of the credit facility, which consent may be
withheld by the lenders at their discretion. If we incur certain additional
indebtedness, our borrowing base under our credit facility may be reduced.
Additional financing also may not be available on acceptable terms or at all.
In the event additional capital resources are unavailable, we may curtail
drilling, development and other activities or be forced to sell some of our
assets on an untimely or unfavorable basis.

Our cash flow from
operations and access to capital are subject to a number of variables,
including:

·

our proved reserves;

22

·

the level of oil and natural gas we are able to produce from
existing wells;

·

the prices at which our commodities are sold; 

·

the costs of producing oil and natural gas;

·

global credit and securities markets; 

·

the ability and willingness of lenders and investors to provide
capital and the cost of the capital;

·

our ability to acquire, locate and produce new reserves; and

·

the impact of potential changes in our credit ratings.

If our revenues or the
borrowing base under our credit facility decrease as a result of lower
commodity prices or sustained depressed commodity prices, operating
difficulties, declines in reserves, lending requirements or regulations, or for
any other reason, we may have limited ability to obtain the capital necessary
to sustain our operations at current or anticipated levels. As a result, we may
require additional capital to fund our operations, and we may not be able to
obtain debt or equity financing on terms acceptable to us, if at all, to
satisfy our capital requirements. If cash generated from operations or borrowings
available under our credit facility is not sufficient to meet our capital
requirements, the failure to obtain additional financing could result in a
curtailment of our operations relating to the development of our prospects,
which in turn could lead to a decline in our oil and natural gas reserves, and
could adversely affect our production, revenues and results of operations.

Declining
general economic, business or industry conditions could have a material adverse
effect on our results of operations.

In recent years, the global economic
downturn, particularly with respect to the U.S. economy, and the global
financial and credit market disruptions have reduced the availability of
liquidity and credit to fund the continuation and expansion of industrial
business operations worldwide resulting in a slowdown in economic activity.
This has reduced worldwide demand for energy and resulted in lower commodity
prices.

Lower commodity prices will reduce our
cash flows and borrowing ability. We may be unable to obtain needed capital or
financing on satisfactory terms, which could lead to a decline in our reserves
as existing reserves are depleted. Lower commodity prices may also reduce the
amount of oil and natural gas that we can produce economically, which could
ultimately decrease our net revenue and profitability.

Our ability to use our net operating loss
carryforwards or other tax attributes could be limited.

We generated a $477.7 million net
operating loss (“NOL”) in 2016. Utilization of this NOL depends on many
factors, including our ability to generate future taxable income, which cannot
be assured. In addition, Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended (“Section 382”), generally imposes an annual limitation on the amount
of NOLs that may be used to offset taxable income when a corporation has
undergone an “ownership change” (as determined under Section 382). An ownership
change generally occurs if one or more stockholders (or groups of stockholders)
who are each deemed to own at least five percent of our stock change their
ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership
percentage within a rolling three-year period. In the event that an ownership
change has occurred, or were to occur, utilization of our NOLs would be subject
to an annual limitation under Section 382, determined by multiplying the value
of our equity at the time of the ownership change by the applicable long-term
tax-exempt rate as defined in Section 382, and potentially increased for certain
gains recognized within five years after the ownership change if we have a net
built-in gain in our assets at the time of the ownership change. Any unused
annual limitation may be carried over to later years. We do not believe that an
ownership change has occurred as a result of our recent equity offerings or our
issuance of shares in connection with various acquisitions. As such, Section 382
was not expected to limit our ability to utilize our NOL carryforward or any
other tax attribute as of December 31, 2016. Future ownership changes or future
regulatory changes could limit our ability to utilize our NOLs. To the extent
we are not able to offset our future income with our NOLs, this could adversely
affect our operating results and cash flows once we attain profitability.

23

We have
substantial indebtedness and may incur substantially more debt. Higher levels
of indebtedness make us more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse
developments in our business. 

We had
approximately $
2.7 
billion of outstanding debt
at December 31, 2016. At December 31, 2016, the borrowing base under our credit
facility was $
2.8 
 billion and commitments from
our bank group were $2.5 billion, of which $
2.5 
billion
was unused commitments.

As a result of our indebtedness, we will
need to use a portion of our cash flow to pay interest, which will reduce the
amount we will have available to fund our operations and other business
activities and could limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to
changes in our business and the industry in which we operate. Our indebtedness
under our credit facility is at a variable interest rate, and so a rise in
interest rates will generate greater interest expense to the extent we do not
have applicable interest rate fluctuation hedges. The amount of our debt may
also cause us to be more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse
developments in our business. 

We may incur substantially more debt in
the future. The indentures governing our senior notes contain restrictions on
our incurrence of additional indebtedness. These restrictions, however, are
subject to a number of qualifications and exceptions, and under certain
circumstances, we could incur substantial additional indebtedness in compliance
with these restrictions. Moreover, these restrictions do not prevent us from
incurring obligations that do not constitute indebtedness under the indentures.

Any increase in our level of
indebtedness could have adverse effects on our financial condition and results
of operations, including imposing additional cash requirements on us in order
to support interest payments, increasing our vulnerability to adverse changes
in general economic and industry conditions and limiting our ability to obtain
additional financing for working capital, capital expenditures, general
corporate and other purposes.

If we are unable to comply with the
restrictions and covenants in the agreements governing our indebtedness, there
could be a default under the terms of these agreements, which could result in
an acceleration of payment of funds that we have borrowed.

Our ability to meet our debt obligations
and other expenses will depend on our future performance, which will be
affected by financial, business, economic, regulatory and other factors, many
of which we are unable to control. If our cash flow is not sufficient to
service our debt, we may be required to refinance debt, sell assets or sell
additional equity on terms that we may not find attractive if it may be done at
all. 
If we are unable to generate sufficient cash
flow and are otherwise unable to obtain funds necessary to meet required
payments of principal, premium, if any, and interest, if any, on our
indebtedness, or if we otherwise fail to comply with the various covenants,
including financial and operating covenants, in the agreements governing our
indebtedness, we could be in default under the terms of the agreements
governing such indebtedness. In the event of such default:

·

the holders of such indebtedness could elect to declare all the
funds borrowed thereunder to be due and payable, together with accrued and
unpaid interest;

·

the lenders under our credit facility could elect to terminate
their commitments thereunder, cease making further loans and institute foreclosure
proceedings against our assets; and

·

we could be forced into bankruptcy or liquidation.

If our operating performance
declines, we may in the future need to obtain waivers under our credit facility
to avoid being in default. If we breach our covenants under our credit facility
and seek a waiver, we may not be able to obtain a waiver from the required
lenders. If this occurs, we would be in default under our credit facility, the
lenders could exercise their rights, as described above, and we could be forced
into bankruptcy or liquidation.

Our lenders can limit our borrowing capabilities, which may materially
impact our operations.

At December 31, 
2016
, we had no debt outstanding under our credit facility, and
our borrowing base was $2.8 billion
 and commitments from our bank group were
$2.5 billion
. The borrowing base under our credit
facility is redetermined annually based upon a number of factors, including
commodity prices and reserve levels. In addition, between redeterminations we
and, if requested by 66 2/3 percent of our lenders, our lenders, may each
request one special redetermination. Upon a redetermination, our borrowing base
could be substantially reduced, and in the event the amount outstanding under
our credit facility at any time exceeds the borrowing base at such time, we may
be required to repay a 

24

portion of our outstanding
borrowings. We expect to utilize cash on hand, cash flow from operations, bank
borrowings, debt and equity financings and asset sales to fund our acquisition,
exploration and development activities. A reduction in our borrowing base could
limit our activities. In addition, we may significantly alter our
capitalization in order to make future acquisitions or develop our properties.
These changes in capitalization may significantly increase our level of indebtedness.
If we incur additional debt for these or other purposes, the related risks that
we now face could intensify. A higher level of indebtedness also increases the
risk that we may default on our debt obligations. Our ability to meet our debt
obligations and to reduce our level of indebtedness depends on our future
performance which is affected by general economic conditions and financial,
business and other factors, many of which are beyond our control. 

A downgrade in our credit rating could
negatively impact our cost of and ability to access capital.

We receive debt credit ratings from
S&P Global Ratings (“S&P”) and Moody’s Investors Service, Inc.
(“Moody’s”), which are subject to regular reviews. 
At
December 31, 2016, our long-term debt was rated “BB+” by S&P with an
outlook that was raised from stable to positive in August 2016. Moody’s
corporate rating for us is “Ba1” with a stable outlook. 
S&P and
Moody’s consider many factors in determining our ratings including: the
industry in which we operate, production growth opportunities, liquidity, debt
levels and asset and reserve mix. A reduction in our debt ratings could
negatively affect our ability to obtain financing or the interest rate, fees
and other terms associated with such additional financing.

A downgrade in our credit
ratings could negatively impact our costs of capital and our ability to
effectively execute aspects of our strategy. Further, a downgrade in our credit
ratings could affect our ability to raise debt in the public debt markets, and
the cost of any new debt could be much higher than our outstanding debt. These
and other impacts of a downgrade in our credit ratings could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

As of the filing of this
report, no additional changes in our credit ratings have occurred; however, we
cannot be assured that our credit ratings will not be downgraded in the future.

Our operations expose us to significant costs and liabilities with
respect to environmental and operational safety matters.

We may incur significant
delays, costs and liabilities as a result of environmental, occupational health
and safety requirements applicable to our oil and natural gas exploration,
development and production, and related saltwater disposal activities. These
delays, costs and liabilities could arise under a wide range of federal, state
and local laws and regulations relating to protection of the environment, occupational
health and safety, including regulations and enforcement policies that have
tended to become increasingly strict over time. Failure to comply with these
laws and regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and
criminal penalties, imposition of cleanup and site restoration costs and liens,
and, in some instances, issuance of orders or injunctions limiting or requiring
discontinuation of certain operations. In addition, claims for damages to
persons or property, including natural resources, may result from the
environmental, health and safety impacts of our operations.

Strict as well as joint and
several liability for a variety of environmental costs may be imposed on us under
certain environmental laws, which could cause us to become liable for the
conduct of others or for consequences of our own actions that were in
compliance with all applicable laws at the time those actions were taken. New
laws, regulations or enforcement policies could be more stringent and impose unforeseen
liabilities or significantly increase compliance costs. 
No assurance can
be given that continued compliance with existing or future environmental laws
and regulations will not result in a curtailment of production or processing
activities or result in a material increase in the costs of production,
development, exploration or processing operations. 
If
we are not able to recover the resulting costs through insurance or increased
revenues, our production, revenues and results of operations could be adversely
affected.

Our producing properties are concentrated in the Permian Basin of
Southeast New Mexico and West Texas, making us vulnerable to risks associated
with operating in one major geographic area. In addition, we have a large
amount of proved reserves attributable to a small number of producing horizons
within this area.

Our
producing properties are geographically concentrated in the Permian Basin of
Southeast New Mexico and West Texas. At December 31, 2016, substantially
all of our total estimated proved reserves were attributable to properties
located in this area. As a result of this concentration, we may be
disproportionately exposed to the impact of regional supply and demand factors,
delays or interruptions of production from wells in this area caused by
governmental regulation, processing or transportation capacity constraints,
market limitations, severe weather events, water shortages or other drought
related conditions or interruption of the processing or transportation of oil,
natural gas or natural gas liquids. 

25

In
addition to the geographic concentration of our producing properties described
above, at December 31, 2016, approximately: (i) 32 percent of our proved
reserves were attributable to the Avalon Shale, Bone Spring and Wolfcamp
formations located in the Northern Delaware Basin; (ii) 15 percent of our
proved reserves were attributable to the Bone Spring and Wolfcamp formations
located in the Southern Delaware Basin; (iii) 26 percent of our proved reserves
were attributable to the Wolfcamp and Spraberry formations in the Midland
Basin; and (iv) 24 percent of our proved reserves were attributable to the Yeso
formation, which includes both the Paddock and Blinebry intervals, underlying
our oil and natural gas properties located in Southeast New Mexico. This
concentration of assets within a small number of producing horizons exposes us
to additional risks, such as changes in field-wide rules and regulations that
could cause us to permanently or temporarily shut-in all of our wells within a
field.

We periodically assess our unproved oil and natural gas properties for
impairment and could be required to recognize non-cash charges to earnings of
future periods.

At December 31, 2016, we carried unproved property costs of $1.9
billion. GAAP requires periodic assessment of these costs on a
project-by-project basis. Our assessment considers future drilling and
exploration plans, results of exploration activities, commodity price outlooks,
planned future sales, expiration of all or a portion of the projects, contracts
and permits relevant to such projects. Based on our assessments, we may
determine that we are unable to fully recover the cost invested in each
project, and we will recognize non-cash charges to earnings in future periods
if such determination is made.

Future price declines could result in a reduction in the carrying value
of our proved oil and natural gas properties, which could adversely affect our
results of operations.

Declines in commodity prices
may result in us having to make substantial downward adjustments to the value
of our estimated proved reserves. If this occurs, or if our estimates of
production or economic factors change, accounting rules may require us to
write-down, as a non-cash charge to earnings, the carrying value of our proved
oil and natural gas properties for impairments. We are required to perform
impairment tests on proved assets whenever events or changes in circumstances
warrant a review of our proved oil and natural gas properties. To the extent
such tests indicate a reduction of the estimated useful life or estimated
future cash flows of our oil and natural gas properties, the carrying value may
not be recoverable and therefore require a write-down. The primary factors that
may affect management’s estimates of future cash flows are (i) commodity
futures prices, (ii) increases or decreases in production and capital
costs, (iii) future reserve volume adjustments, both positive and negative,
to proved reserves and appropriate risk-adjusted probable and possible
reserves, (iv) results of future drilling activities and (v) prevailing market
rates of income and expenses from integrated assets. We may incur impairment
charges in the future, which could materially adversely affect our results of
operations in the period incurred. We estimate that if the oil and natural gas
prices used in this analysis would have been approximately 10 percent lower as
of December 31, 2016 with no other changes in capital costs, operating costs,
price differentials, or reserve volumes, no impairment would be indicated.

Other assumptions such as
operating costs, well and reservoir performance, severance and ad valorem
taxes, and operating and development plans would likely change given a change
in oil and natural gas prices. However, we are unable to estimate the
correlation between these assumptions and any estimated commodity price change,
and these and other assumptions may worsen or partially mitigate some of the
effects of a reduction in commodity prices, including the ultimate impact and
amount of any potential impairment charge.

Part of our strategy involves exploratory drilling, including drilling
in new or emerging plays. As a result, our drilling results in these areas are
uncertain, and the value of our undeveloped acreage will decline if drilling
results are unsuccessful.

The
results of our exploratory drilling in new or emerging plays are more uncertain
than drilling results in areas that are developed and have established
production. Since new or emerging plays and new formations have limited or no
production history, we are unable to use past drilling results in those areas
to help predict our future drilling results. As a result, our cost of drilling,
completing and operating wells in these areas may be higher than initially
expected, and the value of our undeveloped acreage will decline if drilling
results are unsuccessful.

Our commodity price risk management program may cause us to forego additional
future profits or result in our making cash payments to our counterparties.

To reduce our exposure to
changes in the prices of commodities, we have entered into and may in the
future enter into additional commodity price risk management arrangements for a
portion of our oil and natural gas production. The agreements that we have
entered into generally have the effect of providing us with a fixed price for a
portion of our expected future oil and natural gas production over a fixed
period of time. Commodity price risk management arrangements expose us 

26

to the risk of financial loss and may limit our ability
to benefit from increases in commodity prices in some circumstances, including
the following:

·

the counterparty to a commodity price risk management contract may
default on its contractual obligations to us;

·

there may be a change in the expected differential between the
underlying price in a commodity price risk management agreement and actual
prices received; or

·

market prices may exceed the prices which we are contracted to
receive, resulting in our need to make significant cash payments to our
counterparties.

Our commodity price risk
management activities could have the effect of reducing our net income and the
value of our securities. At December 31, 2016, we had a net derivative
liability of approximately $174.4 million. An
average increase in the commodity price of $5.00 per barrel of oil and $0.50
per MMBtu for natural gas from the commodity price at December 31, 2016 
would have resulted
in an increase in our net liability of approximately $
249.6 

million
. We may continue to incur significant gains or losses in the
future from our commodity price risk management activities to the extent market
prices increase or decrease and our derivatives contracts remain in place.

Our identified inventory of drilling locations and recompletion
opportunities are scheduled out over several years, making them susceptible to
uncertainties that could materially alter the occurrence or timing of their
drilling.

We have identified and
scheduled the drilling of certain locations as an estimation of our future
multi-year development activities on our existing acreage. These identified
locations represent a significant part of our growth strategy. Our ability to
drill and develop these locations depends on a number of uncertainties,
including: (i) our ability to timely drill wells on lands subject to
complex development terms and circumstances; (ii) the availability of
capital, equipment, services and qualified personnel; (iii) weather
conditions; (iv) regulatory and third-party approvals; (v) commodity
prices; (vi) access to and availability of water sourcing and distribution
systems; and (vii) drilling and recompletion costs and results. 
Additionally,
changes in the laws or regulations on which we rely in planning and executing
our drilling programs could adversely impact our ability to successfully
complete those programs. 
Because of these and other potential uncertainties, we may never
drill the potential locations we have identified or produce oil or natural gas
from these or any other potential locations. As such, our actual development
activities may materially differ from those presently identified, which could
adversely affect our production, revenues and results of operations.

Unless we replace our oil and natural gas reserves, our reserves and
production will decline, which would adversely affect our cash flow, our
ability to raise capital and the value of our securities.

Unless we conduct successful
development and exploration activities or acquire properties containing proved
reserves, our proved reserves will decline as those reserves are produced.
Producing oil and natural gas reservoirs generally are characterized by
declining production rates that vary depending upon reservoir characteristics
and other factors. Our future oil and natural gas reserves and production, and
therefore our cash flow and results of operations, are highly dependent on our
success in efficiently developing and exploiting our current reserves and
economically finding or acquiring additional recoverable reserves. The value of
our securities and our ability to raise capital will be adversely impacted if
we are not able to replace our reserves that are depleted by production. We may
not be able to develop, exploit, find or acquire sufficient additional reserves
to replace our current and future production.

The Standardized Measure of our
estimated reserves is not an accurate estimate of the current fair value of our
estimated proved oil and natural gas reserves.

Standardized Measure is a
reporting convention that provides a common basis for comparing oil and natural
gas companies subject to the rules and regulations of the SEC. This measure
requires the use of operating and development costs prevailing as of the date
of computation. Consequently, it will not reflect the prices ordinarily
received or that will be received for oil and natural gas production because of
varying market conditions, nor may it reflect the actual costs that will be
required to produce or develop the oil and natural gas properties. Accordingly,
estimates included herein of future net cash flows may be materially different
from the future net cash flows that are ultimately received. In addition, the
10 percent discount factor, which is required by the rules and regulations of
the SEC to be used in calculating

discounted
future net cash flows for reporting purposes, may not be the most appropriate
discount factor based on interest rates in effect from time to time and risks
associated with our company or the oil and natural gas industry in general.
Therefore, Standardized Measure included in this report should not be construed
as an accurate estimate of the current fair value of our proved reserves.

27

Our reserve estimates and
our computation of future net cash flows are based on SEC pricing of (i) $
39.25 
 per
Bbl WTI posted oil price and (ii) $
2.48 
 per MMBtu Henry Hub spot
natural gas price, adjusted for location and quality by property. The SEC
pricing for reserves as of December 31, 2016 is lower than the NYMEX oil price
and NYMEX natural gas price of $53.40 per Bbl and $2.83 per MMBtu,
respectively, at February 17, 2017. If average oil prices were $5.00 per barrel
lower than the average price we used, our proved reserves at December 31, 2016
would have decreased from 720.0 MMBoe to 705.7 MMBoe. If average natural gas
prices were $0.50 per MMBtu lower than the average price we used, our proved
reserves at December 31, 2016 would have decreased from 720.0 MMBoe to 709.8
MMBoe. 
Any
adjustments to the estimates of proved reserves or decreases in the price of
our commodities may decrease the value of our securities. 

We may be unable to make attractive acquisitions or successfully
integrate acquired companies or assets, and any inability to do so may disrupt
our business and hinder our ability to grow.

One
aspect of our business strategy calls for acquisitions of businesses or assets
that complement or expand our current business. We may not be able to identify
attractive acquisition opportunities. Even if we do identify attractive
candidates, we may not be able to complete the acquisition of them or do so on
commercially acceptable terms.

In addition, our credit
facility and the indentures governing our senior notes impose certain
limitations on our ability to enter into mergers or combination transactions.
Our credit facility and the indentures governing our senior notes also limit
our ability to incur certain indebtedness, which could indirectly limit our
ability to engage in acquisitions of businesses or assets. If we desire to
engage in an acquisition that is otherwise prohibited by our credit facility or
the indentures governing our senior notes, we will be required to seek the
consent of our lenders or the holders of the senior notes in accordance with
the requirements of the credit facility or the indentures, which consent may be
withheld by the lenders under our credit facility or such holders of senior
notes at their sole discretion.

If we acquire another
business or assets, we could have difficulty integrating its operations,
systems, management and other personnel and technology with our own. These
difficulties could disrupt our ongoing business, distract our management and
employees, increase our expenses and adversely affect our results of
operations. In addition, we may incur additional debt or issue additional
equity to pay for any future acquisitions, subject to the limitations described
above.

Any acquisition we complete is subject to substantial risks that could
adversely affect our business, including the risk that our acquisitions may prove
to be worth less than what we paid because of uncertainties in evaluating
recoverable reserves and could expose us to potentially significant
liabilities.

We
obtained a significant portion of our current reserve base through acquisitions
of producing properties and undeveloped acreage. We expect that acquisitions
will continue to contribute to our future growth. In connection with these and
potential future acquisitions, we are often only able to perform limited due
diligence. 
The
success of any acquisition involves potential risks, including among other
things:

·

the inability to estimate accurately the costs to develop the
reserves, recoverable volumes of reserves, rates of future production and
future net cash flows attainable from the reserves;

·

the assumption of unknown liabilities, including environmental
liabilities, and losses or costs for which we are not indemnified or for which
the indemnity we receive is inadequate;

·

the effect on our liquidity or financial leverage of using
available cash or debt to finance acquisitions;

·

the diversion of management’s attention from other business
concerns; and

·

an inability to hire, train or retain qualified personnel to
manage and operate our growing business and assets.

Successful acquisitions of
oil and natural gas properties require an assessment of a number of factors,
including estimates of recoverable reserves, the timing of recovering reserves,
exploration potential, future commodity prices, operating costs and potential
environmental, regulatory and other liabilities. Such assessments are inexact,
and we cannot make these assessments with a high degree of accuracy. In
connection with our assessments, we perform a review of the acquired properties
that we believe to be generally consistent with industry practices. However,
such a review will not reveal all existing or potential problems. In addition,
our review may not permit us to become sufficiently familiar with the