Dominion and Virginia Power’s businesses
are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. A number of these factors have been identified below. For other factors that may cause
actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement or projection contained in this report, see Forward-Looking Statements in Item 7. MD&A. 

Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s results of operations can be affected by changes in the weather. In addition, severe
weather, including hurricanes, floods and winter storms, can be destructive, causing outages and property damage that require incurring additional expenses. Changes in weather conditions can result in reduced water levels or changes in water
temperatures that could adversely affect operations at some of the Companies’ power stations. Furthermore, the Companies’ operations could be adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in
global climate produce, among other possible conditions, unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, abnormal levels of precipitation and, for operations located on or near
coastlines, a change in sea level or sea temperatures. 

The rates of Dominion’s gas transmission and distribution
operations and Virginia Power’s electric transmission, dis
-

 23 

Table of Contents

tribution and generation operations are subject to regulatory review. Revenue provided by Virginia Power’s electric transmission, distribution and generation operations and
Dominion’s gas transmission and distribution operations is based primarily on rates approved by state and federal regulatory agencies. The profitability of these businesses is dependent on their ability, through the rates that they are
permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on their capital investment. 

Virginia Power’s
wholesale rates for electric transmission service are adjusted on an annual basis through operation of a FERC-approved formula rate mechanism. Through this mechanism, Virginia Power’s wholesale electric transmission cost of service is estimated
and thereafter adjusted to reflect Virginia Power’s actual electric transmission costs incurred. These wholesale rates are subject to FERC review and prospective adjustment in the event that customers and/or interested state commissions file a
complaint with FERC and are able to demonstrate that Virginia Power’s wholesale revenue requirement is no longer just and reasonable. 

Similarly, various rates and charges assessed by Dominion’s gas transmission businesses are subject to review by FERC. In addition, the rates of Dominion’s gas distribution businesses are
subject to state regulatory review in the jurisdictions in which they operate. 

Virginia Power’s base rates, terms and
conditions for generation and distribution services to customers in Virginia are reviewed by the Virginia Commission on a biennial basis in a proceeding that involves the determination of Virginia Power’s actual earned ROE during a combined
two-year historic test period, and the determination of Virginia Power’s authorized ROE prospectively. Under certain circumstances described in the Regulation Act, Virginia Power may be required to share a portion of its earnings with customers
through a refund process, and the Virginia Commission may order a base rate increase or reduction during the biennial review. As a result, Virginia Power may potentially not fully recover costs associated with these existing rate adjustment clauses.

Virginia Power’s retail electric base rates for bundled generation, transmission, and distribution services to customers
in North Carolina are regulated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return basis subject to North Carolina statutes, and the rules and procedures of the North Carolina Commission. If retail electric earnings exceed the returns established by the North
Carolina Commission, retail electric rates may be subject to review and possible reduction by the North Carolina Commission, which may decrease Virginia Power’s future earnings. Additionally, if the North Carolina Commission does not allow
recovery through base rates, on a timely basis, of costs incurred in providing service, Virginia Power’s future earnings could be negatively impacted. 

Dominion and Virginia Power are subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of operations and subject the Companies to monetary
penalties. Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation and require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies. These operations are also
subject to legislation governing taxation at the federal, state and local level. They must also comply with environmental
legis-

lation and associated regulations. Management believes that the necessary approvals have been obtained for existing operations and that the business is conducted in accordance with applicable
laws. The Companies’ businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if either Dominion or Virginia Power is found not to be in compliance, including mandatory reliability standards and
interaction in the wholesale markets. New laws or regulations, the revision or reinterpretation of existing laws or regulations, or penalties imposed for non-compliance with existing laws or regulations may result in substantial expense. 

Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s generation business may be negatively affected by possible FERC actions that could change
market design in the wholesale markets or affect pricing rules or revenue calculations in the RTO markets. Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s generation stations operating in RTO markets sell capacity, energy and ancillary services into
wholesale electricity markets regulated by FERC. The wholesale markets allow these generation stations to take advantage of market price opportunities, but also expose them to market risk. Properly functioning competitive wholesale markets depend
upon FERC’s continuation of clearly identified market rules. From time to time FERC may investigate and authorize RTOs to make changes in market design. FERC also periodically reviews Dominion’s authority to sell at market-based rates.
Material changes by FERC to the design of the wholesale markets or its interpretation of market rules, Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s authority to sell power at market-based rates, or changes to pricing rules or rules involving revenue
calculations, could adversely impact the future results of Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s generation business. 

Dominion and Virginia Power infrastructure build plans often require regulatory approval before construction can commence. Dominion and
Virginia Power may not complete plant construction
, conversion
 or expansion projects that they commence, or they may complete projects on materially different terms or timing than initially anticipated, and they may not be able to
achieve the intended benefits of any such project, if completed. Several plant construction, conversion and expansion projects have been announced and additional projects may be considered in the future. Commencing construction on announced
plants requires approvals from applicable state and federal agencies. Projects may not be able to be completed on time as a result of weather conditions, delays in obtaining or failure to obtain regulatory approvals, delays in obtaining key
materials, labor difficulties, difficulties with partners or potential partners, a decline in the credit strength of their counterparties or vendors, or other factors beyond their control. Even if plant construction, conversion and expansion
projects are completed, the total costs of the projects may be higher than anticipated and the performance of the business of Dominion and Virginia Power following the projects may not meet expectations. Start-up and operational issues can arise in
connection with the commencement of commercial operations at our facilities, including but not limited to commencement of commercial operations at our power generation facilities following expansions and fuel type conversions to natural gas and
biomass. Such issues may include failure to meet specific operating parameters, which may require adjustments to meet or amend these operating parameters. Additionally, Dominion and Virginia Power may not be able to timely

24

Table of Contents

and effectively integrate the projects into their operations and such integration may result in unforeseen operating difficulties or unanticipated costs. Further, regulators may disallow recovery
of some of the costs of a project if they are deemed not to be prudently incurred. Any of these or other factors could adversely affect the Companies’ ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the plant construction, conversion and
expansion projects. 

Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s current costs of compliance with environmental laws are
significant. The costs of compliance with future environmental laws, including laws and regulations designed to address global climate change, air quality, coal combustion by-products, cooling water and other matters could make certain of the
Companies’ generation facilities uneconomical to maintain or operate. Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air
quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources, and health and safety. Compliance with these legal requirements requires the Companies to commit significant capital toward permitting, emission fees, environmental monitoring,
installation and operation of pollution control equipment and purchase of allowances and/or offsets. Additionally, the Companies could be responsible for expenses relating to remediation and containment obligations, including at sites where they
have been identified by a regulatory agency as a potentially responsible party. Expenditures relating to environmental compliance have been significant in the past, and Dominion and Virginia Power expect that they will remain significant in the
future. Certain facilities have become uneconomical to operate and have been shut down, converted to new fuel types or sold. These types of events could occur again in the future. 

Existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised and/or new laws may be adopted or become applicable to Dominion or Virginia
Power. The EPA is expected to issue additional regulations with respect to air quality under the CAA, including revised NAAQS and regulations governing the emissions of GHGs from electric generating units. Additional regulation of air quality and
GHG emissions under the CAA may be imposed on the natural gas sector, including rules to limit methane leakage. Compliance with GHG emission reduction requirements may require the retrofit or replacement of equipment or could otherwise increase the
cost to operate and maintain our facilities. Risks relating to potential regulation of GHG emissions are discussed below. Dominion and Virginia Power also expect additional federal water and waste regulations, including regulations concerning
cooling water intake structures and coal combustion by-product handling and disposal practices that are expected to be applicable to at least some of its generating facilities. 

Compliance costs cannot be estimated with certainty due to the inability to predict the requirements and timing of implementation of any new environmental rules or regulations. Other factors which affect
the ability to predict future environmental expenditures with certainty include the difficulty in estimating clean-up costs and quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several liability on all responsible parties.
However, such expenditures, if material, could make the Companies’ facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s results of operations, financial
performance or liquidity. 

 If additional federal and/or state requirements are imposed on energy companies
mandating limitations on GHG emissions or requiring efficiency improvements, such requirements may result in compliance 
costs that alone or in combination could make some of Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s electric generation units
or natural gas facilities uneconomical to maintain or operate. The EPA, environmental advocacy groups, other organizations and some state and other federal agencies are focusing considerable attention on GHG emissions from power generation
facilities and their potential role in climate change. Dominion and Virginia Power expect that additional EPA regulations, and possibly additional state legislation and/or regulations, may be issued resulting in the imposition of additional
limitations on GHG emissions or requiring efficiency improvements from fossil fuel-fired electric generating units. 

There are also potential impacts on Dominion’s natural gas businesses as federal or state GHG legislation or regulations may require GHG emission reductions from the natural gas sector and could
affect demand for natural gas. Additionally, GHG requirements could result in increased demand for energy conservation and renewable products. Several regions of the U.S. have moved forward with GHG emission regulations including regions where
Dominion has operations. For example, Rhode Island has implemented regulations requiring reductions in CO
2

 emissions through RGGI, a cap and trade program covering CO
2

 emissions from power plants in the Northeast. 

Compliance with GHG emission
reduction requirements may require increasing the energy efficiency of equipment at facilities, committing significant capital toward carbon capture and storage technology, purchase of allowances and/or offsets, fuel switching, and/or retirement of
high-emitting generation facilities and potential replacement with lower emitting generation facilities. The cost of compliance with GHG emission legislation and/or regulation is subject to significant uncertainties due to the outcome of several
interrelated assumptions and variables, including timing of the implementation of rules, required levels of reductions, allocation requirements of the new rules, the maturation and commercialization of carbon capture and storage technology, and the
selected compliance alternatives. The Companies cannot estimate the aggregate effect of such requirements on their results of operations, financial condition or their customers. However, such expenditures, if material, could make the Companies’
generation facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s results of operations, financial performance or liquidity. 

Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions
and personnel issues which could negatively affect the Companies. Operation of the Companies’ facilities involves risk, including the risk of potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure, fuel supply
or transportation disruptions, accidents, labor disputes or work stoppages by employees, acts of terrorism or sabotage, construction delays or cost overruns, shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material and labor, operational restrictions
resulting from environmental limitations and governmental interventions, and performance below expected levels. The Companies’ businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of
which could prevent 

 25 

Table of Contents

them from accomplishing critical business functions. In addition, weather-related incidents, earthquakes and other natural disasters can disrupt operation of the Companies’ facilities.
Because Virginia Power’s transmission facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of its facilities could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties.

Operation of the Companies’ facilities below expected capacity levels could result in lost revenues and increased
expenses, including higher maintenance costs. Unplanned outages of the Companies’ facilities and extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the
Companies’ business. Unplanned outages typically increase the Companies’ operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce their revenues as a result of selling less output or may require the Companies to incur significant costs as a
result of operating higher cost units or obtaining replacement output from third parties in the open market to satisfy forward energy and capacity or other contractual obligations. Moreover, if the Companies are unable to perform their
contractual obligations, penalties or liability for damages could result. 

In addition, there are many risks associated with
the Companies’ operations, including nuclear accidents, fires, explosions, uncontrolled release of natural gas and other environmental hazards, pole strikes, electric contact cases and avian impacts. Such incidents could result in loss of human
life or injuries among employees, customers or the public in general, environmental pollution, damage or destruction of facilities or business interruptions and associated public or employee safety impacts, loss of revenues, increased liabilities,
heightened regulatory scrutiny and reputational risk. 

Dominion and Virginia Power have substantial ownership interests in
and operate nuclear generating units; as a result, each may incur 
substantial costs and liabilities. Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear facilities are subject to operational, environmental, health and financial risks such
as the on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel, the ability to dispose of such spent nuclear fuel, the ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance available, potential operational
liabilities and extended outages, the costs of replacement power, the costs of maintenance and the costs of securing the facilities against possible terrorist attacks. Dominion and Virginia Power maintain decommissioning trusts and external
insurance coverage to minimize the financial exposure to these risks; however, it is possible that future decommissioning costs could exceed amounts in the decommissioning trusts and/or damages could exceed the amount of insurance coverage. If
Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s decommissioning trust funds are insufficient, and they are not allowed to recover the additional costs incurred through insurance, or in the case of Virginia Power through regulatory mechanisms, their
results of operations could be negatively impacted. 

Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear facilities are also
subject to complex government regulation which could negatively impact their results of operations. The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generating facilities.
In the event of noncompliance, the NRC has the authority to impose

fines, set license conditions, shut down a nuclear unit, or take some combination of these actions, depending on its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved.
Revised safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could require Dominion and Virginia Power to make substantial expenditures at their nuclear plants. In addition, although the Companies have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at
their plants, if an incident did occur, it could materially and adversely affect their results of operations and/or financial condition. A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world, such as the nuclear events in Japan in 2011, could
cause the NRC to adopt increased safety regulations or otherwise limit or restrict the operation or licensing of domestic nuclear units. 

Dominion depends on third parties to produce the natural gas it gathers and processes, and 
to provide 
the NGLs 
that it 
separates into marketable products
. A reduction
in these 
quanti
ties could reduce Dominion’s revenues. Dominion obtains its supply of natural gas and NGLs from numerous third-party producers. Such producers are under no obligation to deliver a specific quantity of natural
gas or NGLs to Dominion’s facilities, although the producers that have contracted to supply natural gas to the Natrium natural gas processing and fractionation facility are subject to contractual minimum fee payments. Natrium is owned by Blue
Racer. If producers were to decrease the supply of natural gas or NGLs for any reason to systems and facilities in which Dominion has an interest, Dominion could experience lower revenues to the extent it is unable to replace the lost volumes on
similar terms. 

The development, construction and operation of the Cove Point liquefaction project would involve significant
risks. As described in greater detail in 
Future Issues and Other Matters, Dominion intends to invest significant financial resources in the liquefaction project, subject to receipt of required regulatory approvals. An inability to obtain
financing or otherwise provide liquidity for the project on acceptable terms could negatively affect Dominion’s financial condition, cash flows, the project’s anticipated financial results and/or impair Dominion’s ability to execute
the business plan for the project as scheduled. 

The project remains subject to FERC and other federal and state approvals. The
DOE has authorized Dominion to export LNG to non-free trade agreement countries, however, all DOE export licenses are subject to review and possible withdrawal should the DOE conclude that such export authorization is no longer in the public
interest, which could have a material adverse effect on the construction or operation of the facility. In addition, the liquefaction project has been the subject of litigation which, although decided in Dominion’s favor, is the subject of an
appeal. A delay in receipt of project approvals or an adverse ruling by an appellate court could adversely affect Dominion’s ability to execute its business plan. 

There is limited recent industry experience in the U.S. regarding the construction or operation of large liquefaction projects. The construction of the facility is expected to take several years, will be
confined within a limited geographic area and could be subject to delays, cost overruns, labor disputes and other factors that could cause the total cost of the project to exceed the anticipated amount and adversely affect Dominion’s financial
performance and/or impair Dominion’s ability to execute the business plan for the project as scheduled. 

26

Table of Contents

 There are significant customer risks associated with the project. The terminal service
agreements are subject to certain conditions precedent, including receipt of regulatory approvals. Dominion will also be exposed to counterparty credit risk. While the counterparties’ obligations are supported by parental guarantees and letters
of credit, there is no assurance that such credit support would be sufficient to satisfy the obligations in the event of a counterparty default. In addition, if a controversy arises under either agreement resulting in a judgment in Dominion’s
favor, Dominion may need to seek to enforce a final U.S. court judgment in a foreign tribunal, which could involve a lengthy process. 

Assuming current commodity price trends continue, if Dominion is unable to pursue the liquefaction project, Dominion may not be able to offset the prospective revenue reductions associated with the
existing import contracts as described in Future 
Issues and Other Matters, which could have a negative impact on its results of operations. 

Dominion’s merchant power business is operating in a challenging market, which could adversely affect its results of oper
ations and future growth. The success of Dominion’s
merchant power business depends upon favorable market conditions including the ability to sell power at prices sufficient to cover its operating costs. Dominion operates in active wholesale markets that expose it to price volatility for electricity
and fuel as well as the credit risk of counterparties. Dominion attempts to manage its price risk by entering into hedging transactions, including short-term and long-term fixed price sales and purchase contracts. 

In these wholesale markets, the spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the cost of supplying the next
unit of electricity to the market during that hour. In many cases, the next unit of electricity supplied would be provided by generating stations that consume fossil fuels, primarily natural gas. Consequently, the open market wholesale price for
electricity generally reflects the cost of natural gas plus the cost to convert the fuel to electricity. Therefore, changes in the price of natural gas generally affect the open market wholesale price of electricity. To the extent Dominion does not
enter into long-term power purchase agreements or otherwise effectively hedge its output, these changes in market prices could adversely affect its financial results. 

Dominion purchases fuel under a variety of terms, including long-term and short-term contracts and spot market purchases. Dominion is exposed to fuel cost volatility for the portion of its fuel obtained
through short-term contracts or on the spot market, including as a result of market supply shortages. Fuel prices can be volatile and the price that can be obtained for power produced from such fuel may not change at the same rate as fuel costs,
thus adversely impacting Dominion’s financial results. 

Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s financial
results
 can be adversely affected by various factors driving demand for electricity and gas
. Technological advances required by federal laws mandate new levels of energy efficiency in end-use devices, including lighting, furnaces
and electric heat pumps and could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption. Additionally, certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy consumption by a fixed
date. Further, Virginia Power’s business model is premised upon the cost efficiency of the production, transmission and distribution of large-scale centralized utility

generation. However, advances in distributed generation technologies, such as solar cells, gas microturbines and fuel cells, may make these alternative generation methods competitive with
large-scale utility generation, and change how customers acquire or use our services. 

Reduced energy demand or significantly
slowed growth in demand due to customer adoption of energy efficient technology, conservation, distributed generation or regional economic conditions, unless substantially offset through regulatory cost allocations, could adversely impact the value
of the Companies’ business activities. 

Exposure to counterparty performance may adversely affect the Companies’
financial results of operations. Dominion and Virginia Power are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations, including but not
limited to payment for services. Counterparties could fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations for a number of reasons, including the effect of regulations on their operations. Such defaults by customers, suppliers, joint
venture partners or other third parties may adversely affect the Companies’ financial results. 

Market performance and
other changes may decrease the value of decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets or increase Dominion’s liabilities, which could then require significant additional funding. The performance of the capital markets affects the
value of the assets that are held in trusts to satisfy future obligations to decommission Dominion’s nuclear plants and under its pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Dominion has significant obligations in these areas and holds
significant assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuation and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below expected return rates. 

With respect to decommissioning trust funds, a decline in the market value of these assets may increase the funding requirements of the obligations to decommission Dominion’s nuclear plants or
require additional NRC-approved funding assurance. 

A decline in the market value of the assets held in trusts to satisfy
future obligations under Dominion’s pension and other postretirement benefit plans may increase the funding requirements under such plans. Additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under Dominion’s pension and other
postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, may
also increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and other postretirement benefit plans. 

If
the decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets are negatively impacted by market fluctuations or other factors, Dominion’s results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows could be negatively affected. 

The use of derivative instruments could result in financial losses and liquidity constraints. 
Dominion and Virginia Power
use derivative instruments, including futures, swaps, forwards, options and FTRs, to manage commodity and financial market risks. In addition, Dominion purchases and sells commodity-based contracts for hedging exposures from its business units. The
Companies could recognize financial losses on these contracts, 

27

Table of Contents

including as a result of volatility in the market values of the underlying commodities, if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract or upon the failure or insolvency of a financial
intermediary, exchange or clearinghouse used to enter, execute or clear these transactions. In the absence of actively-quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these contracts involves management’s
judgment or use of estimates. As a result, changes in the under-lying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these contracts. 

The use of derivatives to hedge future sales may limit the benefit Dominion would otherwise receive from increases in commodity prices.
These hedge arrangements generally include collateral requirements that require Dominion to deposit funds or securities or post letters of credit with counterparties, financial intermediaries or clearinghouses to cover the fair value of covered
contracts in excess of agreed upon credit limits. For instance, when commodity prices rise to levels substantially higher than the levels where it has hedged future sales, Dominion may be required to use a material portion of its available liquidity
or obtain additional liquidity to cover these collateral requirements. In some circumstances, this could have a compounding effect on Dominion’s financial liquidity and results of operations. In addition, the availability or security of the
collateral delivered by Dominion may be adversely affected by the failure or insolvency of a financial intermediary, exchange or clearinghouse used to enter, execute or clear these types of transactions. 

Derivatives designated under hedge accounting, to the extent not fully offset by the hedged transaction, can result in ineffectiveness
losses. These losses primarily result from differences between the location and/or specifications of the derivative hedging instrument and the hedged item and could adversely affect Dominion’s results of operations. 

Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operations in regards to these transactions are subject to multiple market risks including
market liquidity, price volatility, credit strength of the Companies’ counterparties and the financial condition of the financial intermediaries, exchanges and clearinghouses used for the types of transactions. These market risks are beyond the
Companies’ control and could adversely affect their results of operations, liquidity and future growth. 

The Dodd-Frank
Act was enacted into law in July 2010 in an effort to improve regulation of financial markets. The Dodd-Frank Act includes provisions that will require certain over-the-counter derivatives, or swaps, to be centrally cleared and executed through an
exchange or other approved trading platform. Non-financial entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk, often referred to as end users, can choose to exempt their hedging transactions from these clearing and exchange trading
requirements. Final rules for the over-the-counter derivative-related provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act will continue to be established through the ongoing rulemaking process of the applicable regulators, including rules regarding margin requirements
for non-cleared swaps. If, as a result of the rulemaking process, Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s derivative activities are not exempted from the clearing, exchange trading or margin requirements, the Companies could be subject to higher
costs, including from higher margin requirements, for their derivative activities. In addition, implementation of, and compliance with, the swaps provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act by

the Companies’ counterparties could result in increased costs related to the Companies’ derivative activities. 

Changing rating agency requirements could negatively affect Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s growth and business strategy. In order to maintain appropriate credit ratings to obtain needed
credit at a reasonable cost in light of existing or future rating agency requirements, Dominion and Virginia Power may find it necessary to take steps or change their business plans in ways that may adversely affect their growth and earnings. A
reduction in Dominion’s credit ratings or the credit ratings of Virginia Power could result in an increase in borrowing costs, loss of access to certain markets, or both, thus adversely affecting operating results and could require Dominion to
post additional collateral in connection with some of its price risk management activities. 

An inability to access
financial markets could adversely affect the execution of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s business 
plans. Dominion and Virginia Power rely on access to short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as significant
sources of funding and liquidity for capital expenditures, normal working capital and collateral requirements related to hedges of future sales and purchases of energy-related commodities. Deterioration in the Companies’ creditworthiness, as
evaluated by credit rating agencies or otherwise, or declines in market reputation either for the Companies or their industry in general, or general financial market disruptions outside of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s control could
increase their cost of borrowing or restrict their ability to access one or more financial markets. Further market disruptions could stem from delays in the current economic recovery, the bankruptcy of an unrelated company, general market disruption
due to general credit market or political events, or the failure of financial institutions on which the Companies rely. Increased costs and restrictions on the Companies’ ability to access financial markets may be severe enough to affect their
ability to execute their business plans as scheduled. 

Potential changes in accounting practices may adversely affect
Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s financial results. Dominion and Virginia Power cannot predict the impact that future changes in accounting standards or practices may have on public companies in general, the energy industry or their
operations specifically. New accounting standards could be issued that could change the way they record revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. These changes in accounting standards could adversely affect earnings or could increase liabilities.

War, acts and threats of terrorism, natural disasters and other significant events could adversely affect Dominion’s
and Virginia Power’s operations. Dominion and Virginia Power cannot predict the impact that any future terrorist attacks may have on the energy industry in general, or on the Companies’ business in particular. Any retaliatory military
strikes or sustained military campaign may affect the Companies’ operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets. In addition, the Companies’ infrastructure facilities
could be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of terror. Furthermore, the physical compromise of the Companies’ facilities could adversely affect the Companies’ ability to manage these facilities effectively. Instability in
financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors could result in a significant decline in the U.S. economy and increase the cost of insurance coverage. This could

28

Table of Contents

negatively impact the Companies’ results of operations and financial condition. 

Hostile cyber intrusions could severely impair Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operations, lead to the disclosure of confidential information, damage the reputation of the Companies and
otherwise have an adverse effect on Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s business. The Companies own assets deemed as critical infrastructure, the operation of which is dependent on information technology systems. Further, the computer
systems that run the Companies’ facilities are not completely isolated from external networks. Parties that wish to disrupt the U.S. bulk power system or the Companies’ operations could view the Companies’ computer systems, software
or networks as attractive targets for cyber attack. In addition, the Companies’ businesses require that they collect and maintain sensitive customer data, as well as confidential employee and shareholder information, which is subject to
electronic theft or loss. 

A successful cyber attack on the systems that control the Companies’ electric generation,
electric or gas transmission or distribution assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing the Companies from serving customers or collecting revenues. The breach of certain business systems could affect the Companies’ ability
to correctly record, process and report financial information. A major cyber incident could result in significant expenses to investigate and repair security breaches or system damage and could lead to litigation, fines, other remedial action,
heightened regulatory scrutiny and damage to the Companies’ reputation. In addition, the misappropriation, corruption or loss of personally identifiable information and other confidential data could lead to significant breach notification
expenses and mitigation expenses such as credit monitoring. The Companies maintain property and casualty insurance that may cover certain damage caused by potential cyber incidents, however, other damage and claims arising from such incidents may
not be covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance available. For these reasons, a significant cyber incident could materially and adversely affect the Companies’ business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Failure to retain and attract key executive officers and other skilled professional and technical employees could have an adverse
effect on Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operations. Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s business strategy is dependent on their ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees. Competition for skilled employees in some areas
is high and the inability to retain and attract these employees could adversely affect their business and future operating results. An aging workforce in the energy industry necessitates recruiting, retaining and developing the next generation of
leadership.