Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond
their control. A number of these factors have been identified below. For other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement or projection contained in this report, see
Forward-Looking Statements in Item 7. MD&A. 

Dominion’s
and Virginia Power’s results of operations can be affected by changes in the weather.

 Weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas, and affect

22

Table of Contents

the price of energy commodities. In addition, severe weather, including hurricanes and winter storms, can be destructive, causing outages and property damage that require incurring additional
expenses. Additionally, droughts can result in reduced water levels that could adversely affect operations at some of the Companies’ power stations. Furthermore, the Companies’ operations could be adversely affected and their physical
plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce, among other possible conditions, unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, abnormal levels
of precipitation and, for operations located on or near coastlines, a change in sea level. 

Dominion and Virginia Power are subject to complex governmental regulation that could adversely affect their results of operations.

 Dominion’s
and Virginia Power’s operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation and require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies. They must also comply with environmental legislation and
associated regulations. Management believes that the necessary approvals have been obtained for existing operations and that their business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws. However, new laws or regulations, the revision or
reinterpretation of existing laws or regulations, or penalties imposed for non-compliance with existing laws or regulations may result in substantial expense. 

Dominion and Virginia Power could be subject to penalties as a result of mandatory reliability standards.

 As a result of EPACT, owners and operators of generation facilities and bulk electric transmission systems, including Dominion and Virginia Power, are subject to mandatory reliability standards enacted
by NERC and enforced by FERC. Compliance with the mandatory reliability standards may subject the Companies to higher operating costs and may result in increased capital expenditures. If either Dominion or Virginia Power is found not to be in
compliance with the mandatory reliability standards it could be subject to remediation costs, as well as sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties. 

Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s costs of compliance with environmental laws are significant. The costs of compliance with future

environmental laws, including laws and regulations designed to address

global climate change, air quality, coal combustion by-products, cooling water and other matters could make certain of the Companies’ generation facilities uneconomical to maintain or operate. 

Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste
management, natural resources, and health and safety. Compliance with these legal requirements requires the Companies to commit significant capital toward permitting, emission fees, environmental monitoring, installation and operation of pollution
control equipment and purchase of allowances and/or offsets. Additionally, the Companies could be responsible for expenses relating to remediation and containment obligations, including at sites where they have been identified by a regulatory agency
as a potentially responsible party. Expenditures relating to environmental compliance have been significant in the past, and Dominion and Virginia Power expect that they will remain significant in the future. 

Existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised and/or new laws may be adopted or become applicable to
Domin-

ion or Virginia Power. The EPA is expected to issue additional regulations with respect to air quality under the CAA, including revised NAAQS, a replacement of the CAIR relating to NO
X

 and SO
2 

emissions, and a MACT rule for coal and oil-fired electric generation plants that will likely address numerous HAPs,
including mercury. Risks relating to potential regulation of GHG emissions are discussed below. Dominion and Virginia Power also expect additional federal water and waste regulations, including regulations concerning cooling water intake structures
and coal combustion by-product handling and disposal practices. 

Compliance costs cannot be estimated with certainty due to the
inability to predict the requirements and timing of implementation of any new environmental rules or regulations related to emissions. Other factors which affect the ability to predict future environmental expenditures with certainty include the
difficulty in estimating clean-up costs and quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several liability on all responsible parties. However, such expenditures, if excessive, could make the Companies’ generation
facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s results of operations, financial performance or liquidity. 

If additional federal and/or state requirements are imposed on energy companies
mandating limitations on GHG emissions, such

requirements may result in compliance costs that alone or in combina

tion could make some of Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s electric gen

eration units uneconomical to maintain or operate. 

The U.S. Congress, environmental advocacy groups, other organizations and some state and federal
agencies are focusing considerable attention on GHG emissions from power generation facilities and their potential role in climate change. Dominion and Virginia Power expect that federal legislation and/or additional EPA regulation, and possibly
additional state legislation and/or regulation, may pass resulting in the imposition of additional limitations on GHG emissions from fossil fuel-fired electric generating units. 

There are also potential impacts on Dominion’s natural gas businesses as federal GHG legislation and regulations
may require GHG emission reductions from the natural gas sector and could affect demand for natural gas. Additionally, GHG requirements could result in increased demand for energy conservation and renewable products. Several regions of the U.S. have
moved forward with GHG emission regulations including regions where Dominion has operations. For example, Massachusetts has implemented regulations requiring reductions in CO
2

 emissions through RGGI, a cap and trade program covering CO
2

 emissions from power plants in the Northeast, which affects several of Dominion’s facilities. 

Compliance with GHG emission reduction requirements may require increasing the energy efficiency of equipment at facilities, committing
significant capital toward carbon capture and storage technology, purchase of allowances and/or offsets, fuel switching, and/or retirement of high-emitting generation facilities and potential replacement with lower emitting generation facilities.
The cost of compliance with GHG emission legislation and/or regulation is subject to significant uncertainties due to the outcome of several interrelated assumptions and variables, including timing of the implementation of rules, required levels of
reductions, allocation requirements of the new rules, the maturation and commercialization of carbon capture and storage technology

23

Table of Contents

and associated regulations, and the selected compliance alternatives. As a result, the Companies cannot estimate the effect of any such legislation on their results of operations, financial
condition or their customers. However, such expenditures, if excessive, could make the Companies’ generation facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect Dominion’s or Virginia
Power’s results of operations, financial performance or liquidity. 

The
base rates and rider rates of Virginia Power are subject to regulatory review.

 As a result of the Regulation Act, in 2009 the Virginia Commission commenced its review of the base rates of
Virginia Power under a modified cost-of-service model. That review culminated in a final order in March 2010, in which the Commission ordered that Virginia Power’s base rates be frozen at their pre-September 1, 2009 levels until
December 1, 2013. In 2011, however, the Virginia Commission will commence biennial reviews of the rates and terms and conditions of Virginia Power and, in that first biennial review, may order a credit to customers for a portion of earnings
more than 50 basis points above the authorized ROE. 

The rates of Virginia
Power’s electric transmission operations and Dominion’s gas transmission and distribution operations are subject to regulatory review.

 Revenue provided by Virginia Power’s
electric transmission operations and Dominion’s gas transmission and distribution operations is based primarily on rates approved by federal and state regulatory agencies. The profitability of these businesses is dependent on their ability,
through the rates that they are permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on their capital investment. 

Virginia Power’s wholesale charges for electric transmission service are adjusted on an annual basis through operation of a FERC-approved formula rate mechanism. Through this mechanism, Virginia
Power’s wholesale electric transmission cost of service is estimated and thereafter adjusted as appropriate to reflect actual costs allocated to Virginia Power by PJM. These wholesale rates are subject to FERC review and prospective adjustment
in the event that customers and/or interested state commissions file a complaint with FERC and are able to demonstrate that Virginia Power’s wholesale revenue requirement is no longer just and reasonable. 

Similarly, various rates and charges assessed by Dominion’s gas transmission businesses are subject to review by FERC. Dominion is
required to file a general base rate review for the FERC-jurisdictional services of Cove Point, effective no later than July 31, 2011. At that time, Cove Point’s cost-of-service will be reviewed by the FERC, with rates set based on
analyses of Cove Point’s costs and capital structure. 

Dominion’s gas distribution businesses are subject to state
regulatory review in the jurisdictions in which they operate. 

Risks arising from
the reliability of electric generation, transmission and distribution equipment could result in lost revenues and increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs.

Operation of the Companies’ generation, transmission and distribution facilities involves risk, including, the risk of potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes, due to aging
infrastructure, fuel supply or transportation disruptions, accidents, labor disputes or work stoppages by employees, acts of terrorism or sabotage, construction delays or cost overruns, shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material and
labor, operational restrictions

resulting from environmental limitations and governmental interventions, and performance below expected levels. In addition, weather-related incidents and other natural disasters can disrupt
generation, transmission and distribution facilities. Because Virginia Power’s transmission facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of its facilities could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable
events occurring on the systems of such third parties. 

Operation of the Companies’ generation facilities below expected
capacity levels could result in lost revenues and increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs. Unplanned outages of generating units and extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time
and are an inherent risk of the Companies’ business. Unplanned outages typically increase the Companies’ operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce their revenues as a result of selling less energy or may require the Companies to
incur significant costs as a result of operating higher cost units or obtaining replacement energy and capacity from third parties in the open market to satisfy forward energy and capacity obligations. Moreover, if the Companies are unable to
perform their contractual obligations, penalties or liability for damages could result. 

Dominion’s merchant power business is operating in a challenging market, which could adversely affect its results of operations and future
growth.

The success of Dominion’s merchant power business
depends upon favorable market conditions including the ability to purchase and sell power at prices sufficient to cover its operating costs. Dominion operates in active wholesale markets that expose it to price volatility for electricity and fuel as
well as the credit risk of counterparties. Dominion attempts to manage its price risk by entering into hedging transactions, including short-term and long-term fixed price sales and purchase contracts. 

In these wholesale markets, the spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the cost of supplying the next
unit of electricity to the market during that hour. In many cases, the next unit of electricity supplied would be provided by generating stations that consume fossil fuels, primarily natural gas. Consequently, the open market wholesale price for
electricity generally reflects the cost of natural gas plus the cost to convert the fuel to electricity. Therefore, changes in the price of natural gas generally affect the open market wholesale price of electricity. To the extent Dominion does not
enter into long-term power purchase agreements or otherwise hedge its output, then these changes in market prices could adversely affect its financial results. 

Dominion purchases fuel under a variety of terms, including long-term and short-term contracts and spot market purchases. Dominion is exposed to fuel cost volatility for the portion of its fuel obtained
through short-term contracts or on the spot market. Fuel prices can be volatile and the price that can be obtained for power produced from such fuel may not change at the same rate as fuel costs, thus adversely impacting Dominion’s financial
results. 

Dominion’s merchant power business may be negatively affected
by possible FERC actions that could weaken competition in the wholesale markets or affect pricing rules in the RTO markets. 

Dominion’s merchant generation stations operating in PJM,
MISO and ISO-NE sell capacity, energy and ancillary services into wholesale
elec-

24

Table of Contents

tricity markets regulated by FERC. The wholesale markets allow these merchant generation stations to take advantage of market price opportunities, but also expose them to market risk. Properly
functioning competitive wholesale markets in PJM, MISO and ISO-NE depend upon FERC’s continuation of clearly identified market rules. From time to time FERC may investigate and authorize PJM, MISO and ISO-NE to make changes in market design.
FERC also periodically reviews Dominion’s authority to sell at market-based rates. Material changes by FERC to the design of the wholesale markets or Dominion’s authority to sell power at market-based rates could adversely impact the
future results of its merchant power business. 

War, acts and threats of
terrorism, natural disaster and other significant events could adversely affect Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s

operations.

We cannot predict the impact that any future terrorist attacks may have on the energy industry in general, or on our business in particular. Any retaliatory military strikes or sustained
military campaign may affect our operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets. In addition, infrastructure facilities, such as electric generation, electric and gas transmission
and distribution facilities could be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of terror. Furthermore, the physical or cyber security compromise of our facilities, could adversely affect our ability to manage these facilities effectively.
Instability in financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors could result in a significant decline in the U.S. economy, and the increased cost of insurance coverage, any of
which could negatively impact the Companies’ results of operations and financial condition. 

There are risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities.

 Dominion and Virginia Power operate nuclear facilities that are subject to
risks, including their ability to dispose of spent nuclear fuel, the disposal of which is subject to complex federal and state regulatory constraints. These risks also include the cost of and ability to maintain adequate reserves for
decommissioning, costs of replacement power, costs of plant maintenance and exposure to potential liabilities arising out of the operation of these facilities. Decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage are maintained to mitigate the
financial exposure to these risks. However, it is possible that decommissioning costs could exceed the amount in the trusts or that costs arising from claims could exceed the amount of any insurance coverage. 

The use of derivative instruments could result in financial losses and liquidity
constraints.

 Dominion and Virginia Power use derivative instruments, including futures, swaps, forwards, options and FTRs, to manage commodity and financial market risks. In addition,
Dominion purchases and sells commodity-based contracts primarily in the natural gas market for trading purposes. The Companies could recognize financial losses on these contracts, including as a result of volatility in the market values of the
underlying commodities or if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract. In the absence of actively-quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these contracts involves management’s judgment or use
of estimates. As a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these contracts.

 The use of derivatives to hedge future sales may limit the benefit Dominion would otherwise
receive from increases in commodity prices. These hedge arrangements generally include collateral requirements that require Dominion to deposit funds or post letters of credit with counterparties to cover the fair value of covered contracts in
excess of agreed upon credit limits. For instance, when commodity prices rise to levels substantially higher than the levels where it has hedged future sales, Dominion may be required to use a material portion of its available liquidity or obtain
additional liquidity to cover these collateral requirements. In some circumstances, this could have a compounding effect on Dominion’s financial liquidity and results of operations. 

Derivatives designated under hedge accounting, to the extent not fully offset by the hedged transaction, can result in ineffectiveness
losses. These losses primarily result from differences between the location and/or specifications of the derivative hedging instrument and the hedged item and could adversely affect Dominion’s results of operations. 

Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operations in regards to these transactions are subject to multiple market risks including
market liquidity, counterparty credit strength and price volatility. These market risks are beyond the Companies’ control and could adversely affect their results of operations and future growth. 

The Dodd-Frank Act, which was enacted into law in July 2010, includes provisions that will require certain over-the-counter
derivatives, or swaps, to be centrally cleared and executed through an exchange or other approved trading platform. Final rules for the over-the-counter derivatives-related provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act, including the clearing, exchange trading
and capital and margin requirements, will be established through the CFTC’s rulemaking process, which is required to be completed by July 2011. If, as a result of the rulemaking process, Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s derivative
activities are not exempted from the clearing, exchange trading or margin requirements, the Companies could be subject to higher costs for their derivative activities, including from higher margin requirements. In addition, implementation of, and
compliance with, the over-the-counter derivatives provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act by the Companies’ swap counterparties could result in increased costs related to the Companies’ derivative activities. 

Dominion and Virginia Power may not complete plant construction or expansion projects
that they commence, or they may complete projects on materially different terms or timing than initially anticipated and they may not be able to achieve the intended benefits of any such project, if completed.

 Several plant construction and expansion projects have been announced and additional projects may be considered in the future. Management anticipates that they will be required to seek additional
financing in the future to fund current and future plant construction and expansion projects and may not be able to secure such financing on favorable terms. In addition, projects may not be able to be completed on time as a result of weather
conditions, delays in obtaining or failure to obtain regulatory approvals, delays in obtaining key materials, labor difficulties, difficulties with partners or potential partners, a decline in the credit strength of their counterparties or vendors,
or other factors beyond their control. Even if plant construction and expansion projects are completed, the total costs of the projects may be higher than anticipated and the performance of the business of Dominion and Virginia Power following the
projects may 

25

Table of Contents

not meet expectations. Additionally, regulators may disallow recovery of some of the costs of a project if they are deemed not to be prudently incurred. Further, Dominion and Virginia Power may
not be able to timely and effectively integrate the projects into their operations and such integration may result in unforeseen operating difficulties or unanticipated costs. Any of these or other factors could adversely affect their ability to
realize the anticipated benefits from the plant construction and expansion projects. 

Exposure to counterparty performance may adversely affect the Companies’ financial results of operations. 

Dominion and Virginia Power are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations, including
but not limited to payment for services. Such defaults by customers, suppliers or other third parties may adversely affect the Companies’ financial results. 

Energy conservation could negatively impact Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s financial results.

 Certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy consumption by a fixed date. Additionally, technological advances driven by
federal laws mandating new levels of energy efficiency in end-use electric devices, including lighting and electric heat pumps, could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption. To the extent conservation resulted in reduced energy demand or
significantly slowed the growth in demand, the value of the Companies’ business activities could be adversely impacted. 

An inability to access financial markets could adversely affect the execution of
Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s business plans. 

Dominion and Virginia Power rely on access to short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as significant sources of
funding and liquidity for capital expenditures, normal working capital and collateral requirements related to hedges of future sales and purchases of energy-related commodities. Deterioration in the Companies’ creditworthiness, as evaluated by
credit rating agencies or otherwise, or market reputation, or general financial market disruptions outside of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s control could increase their cost of borrowing or restrict their ability to access one or more
financial markets. Further market disruptions could stem from delays in the current economic recovery, the bankruptcy of an unrelated company, general market disruption due to general credit market or political events, or the failure of financial
institutions on which the Companies rely. Increased costs and restrictions on the Companies’ ability to access financial markets may be severe enough to affect their ability to execute their business plans as scheduled. 

Market performance and other changes may decrease the value of decommissioning trust
funds and benefit plan assets or increase Dominion’s liabilities, which then could require significant additional funding.

 The performance of the capital markets affects the value of
the assets that are held in trusts to satisfy future obligations to decommission Dominion’s nuclear plants and under its pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Dominion has significant obligations in these areas and holds significant
assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuation and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below expected return rates. A decline in the market value of the assets may increase the funding requirements of the obligations
to decommission Dominion’s

nuclear plants and under its pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under Dominion’s pension and other postretirement
benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, may also increase
the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and other postretirement benefit plans. If the decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets are negatively impacted by market fluctuations, Dominion’s results of
operations and financial condition could be negatively affected. 

Changing
rating agency requirements could negatively affect Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s growth and business strategy. 

In order to maintain appropriate credit ratings to obtain needed
credit at a reasonable cost in light of existing or future rating agency requirements, Dominion and Virginia Power may find it necessary to take steps or change their business plans in ways that may adversely affect their growth and earnings. A
reduction in Dominion’s credit ratings or the credit ratings of Virginia Power could result in an increase in borrowing costs, loss of access to certain markets, or both, thus adversely affecting operating results and could require Dominion to
post additional collateral in connection with some of its price risk management activities. 

Potential changes in accounting practices may adversely affect Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s financial results.

 Dominion and Virginia
Power cannot predict the impact that future changes in accounting standards or practices may have on public companies in general, the energy industry or their operations specifically. New accounting standards could be issued that could change the
way they record revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. These changes in accounting standards could adversely affect reported earnings or could increase reported liabilities. 

Failure to retain and attract key executive officers and other skilled professional and
technical employees could have an adverse effect on Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operations. 

Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s business strategy is dependent on their
ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees. Competition for skilled employees in some areas is high and the inability to retain and attract these employees could adversely affect their business and future operating results.