Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond
their control. A number of these factors have been identified below. For other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement or projection contained in this report, see
Forward-Looking Statements in Item 7. MD&A. 

Dominion’s
and Virginia Power’s results of operations can be affected by changes in the weather.

 Weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas, and affect the
price of energy commodities. In addition, severe weather, including hurricanes and winter storms, can be destructive, causing outages and property damage that require incurring additional expenses. Additionally, droughts can result in reduced water
levels that could adversely affect operations at some of the Companies’ power stations. Furthermore, the Companies’ operations could be adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global
climate produce, among other possible conditions, unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, abnormal levels of precipitation and, for operations located on or near
coastlines, a change in sea level. 

Dominion and Virginia Power are subject
to complex governmental regulation that could adversely affect their operations.

 Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local
regulation and require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies. They must also comply with environmental legislation and associated regulations. Management believes that the necessary approvals have been
obtained for existing operations and that their business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws. However, new laws or regulations, the revision or reinterpretation of existing laws or regulations, or penalties imposed for non-compliance
with existing laws or regulations may require Dominion and Virginia Power to incur additional expenses. 

Virginia Power could be subject to penalties as a result of mandatory reliability standards.

 As a result of EPACT, owners and operators of bulk power
transmission systems, including Virginia Power, are subject to mandatory reliability standards enacted by NERC and enforced by FERC. If Virginia Power is found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards it could be subject to
sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties. 

Dominion’s and
Virginia Power’s costs of compliance with environmental laws are significant, and the cost of compliance with future envi

ronmental
laws could adversely affect their cash flow and profitability.

 Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental
statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources, and health and safety. Compliance with these legal requirements requires the Companies to commit significant capital toward permitting,
emission fees, environ
-

mental monitoring, installation and operation of pollution control equipment and purchase of allowances and/or offsets. Additionally, they could be responsible for expenses relating to
remediation and containment obligations, including at sites where they have been identified by a regulatory agency as a potentially responsible party. Expenditures relating to environmental compliance have been significant in the past, and Dominion
and Virginia Power expect that they will remain significant in the future. Costs of compliance with environmental regulations could adversely affect their results of operations and financial condition, especially if emission and/or discharge limits
are tightened, more extensive permitting requirements are imposed, additional substances become regulated and the number and types of assets Dominion and Virginia Power operate increases. Compliance costs cannot be estimated with certainty due to
the inability to predict the requirements and timing of implementation of any new environmental rules or regulations related to emissions. Other factors which affect the ability to predict future environmental expenditures with certainty include the
difficulty in estimating clean-up costs and quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several liability on all responsible parties. 

If federal and/or state requirements are imposed on energy companies
mandating further emission reductions, including limitations on GHG emissions and reductions in SO2, NO
x
and mercury emissions and other environmental requirements relating to coal ash disposal and cooling water, such requirements may result in compliance costs that alone or in combination could make some of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s
electric generating units uneconomical to maintain or operate.

 As related to GHG emissions, the U.S. Congress, environmental advocacy groups, other organizations and some state and
federal agencies are focusing considerable attention on GHG emissions from power generation facilities and their potential role in climate change. Dominion and Virginia Power expect that federal legislation and/or EPA regulation, and possibly
additional state legislation and/or regulation, may pass resulting in the imposition of limitations on GHG emissions from fossil fuel-fired electric generating units. In December 2009, the EPA issued their Final Endangerment and Cause or
Contribute Findings for Greenhouse Gases Under Section 202(a) of the Clean Air Act, finding that GHGs “endanger both the public health and the public welfare of current and future generations.” If GHGs become regulated pollutants
under the CAA, the Companies will be required to obtain permits for GHG emissions from new and modified facilities and amend operating permits for major sources of GHG emissions. Until these actions occur, and the EPA establishes guidance for GHG
permitting, including Best Available Control Technology, it is not possible to determine the impact on Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s facilities that emit GHGs. However, such limits could make certain of the Companies’ electric
generating units uneconomical to operate in the long term, unless there are significant advancements in the commercial availability and cost of carbon capture and storage technology. There are also potential impacts on Dominion’s natural gas
businesses as federal GHG legislation may require GHG emission reductions from the natural gas sector and could affect demand for natural gas. Additionally, GHG requirements could result in increased demand for energy conservation and renewable
products. Several regions of the U.S. have moved forward with GHG emission

21

Table of Contents

regulations including regions where Dominion has operations. For example, Massachusetts has implemented regulations requiring reductions in CO
2

 emissions and the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, a cap and trade program covering CO
2

 emissions from power plants in the Northeast, which affects several of
Dominion’s facilities. In addition, a number of bills have been introduced in Congress that would require GHG emissions reductions from fossil fuel-fired electric generation facilities, natural gas facilities and other sectors of the economy,
although none have yet been enacted. Compliance with these GHG emission reduction requirements may require committing significant capital toward carbon capture and storage technology, purchase of allowances and/or offsets, fuel switching, and/or
retirement of high-emitting generation facilities and potential replacement with lower emitting generation facilities. The cost of compliance with expected GHG emission legislation and/or regulation is subject to significant uncertainties due to the
outcome of several interrelated assumptions and variables, including timing of the implementation of rules, required levels of reductions, allocation requirements of the new rules, the maturation and commercialization of carbon capture and storage
technology and associated regulations, and the selected compliance alternatives. As a result, Dominion and Virginia Power cannot estimate the effect of any such legislation on their results of operations, financial condition or their customers.

The base rates of Virginia Power are subject to regulatory
review.

 As a result of the Regulation Act, in 2009, the Virginia Commission commenced its review of the base rates of Virginia Power under a modified cost-of-service model. Such rates
will be set based on analyses of Virginia Power’s costs and capital structure, as reviewed and approved in regulatory proceedings. Under the Regulation Act, the Virginia Commission may, in a proceeding initiated in 2009, reduce rates or order a
credit to customers if Virginia Power is deemed to be earning more than 50 basis points above an ROE level to be established by the Virginia Commission in that proceeding. After the initial rate case, the Virginia Commission will review the base
rates of Virginia Power biennially and may order a credit to customers if it is deemed to have earned an ROE more than 50 basis points above an ROE level established by the Virginia Commission and may reduce rates if Virginia Power is found to have
had earnings in excess of the established ROE level during two consecutive biennial review periods. 

The rates of Virginia Power’s electric transmission operations and Dominion’s gas transmission operations are subject to regulatory review.

Revenue provided by Virginia Power’s electric transmission operations and Dominion’s gas transmission operations is based primarily on rates approved by FERC. The profitability of these businesses is dependent on their ability, through the
rates that they are permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on their capital investment. 

Virginia Power’s wholesale charges for electric transmission service are adjusted on an annual basis through operation of a FERC-approved formula rate mechanism. Through this mechanism Virginia Power’s wholesale electric
transmission cost of service is estimated and thereafter trued-up as appropriate to reflect actual costs allocated to Virginia Power by PJM. These wholesale rates are subject to FERC review and prospective adjustment in the event that customers
and/or interested state commissions file a complaint with FERC and are able to demonstrate that Virginia

Power’s wholesale revenue requirement is no longer just and reasonable. 

Similarly, various rates and charges assessed by Dominion’s gas transmission businesses are subject to review by FERC. Dominion is required to file a general base rate review for the FERC-jurisdictional services of Cove Point,
effective not later than July 31, 2011. At that time, Cove Point’s cost of service will be reviewed by the FERC, with rates set based on analyses of the Company’s costs and capital structure. The FERC-jurisdictional rates for DTI are
the subject of a 2005 FERC-approved settlement. That settlement established a rate moratorium that continues in effect through June 30, 2010. 

Energy conservation could negatively impact Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s financial results.

 Certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy consumption by a fixed date. To the extent conservation resulted in reduced
energy demand or significantly slowed the growth in demand, the value of Dominion’s merchant generation, E&P assets and other unregulated business activities could be adversely impacted. In Virginia Power’s regulated operations,
conservation could negatively impact its results depending on the regulatory treatment of the associated impacts. Should Virginia Power be required to invest in conservation measures that resulted in reduced sales from effective conservation,
regulatory lag in adjusting rates for the impact of these measures could have a negative financial impact. Dominion and Virginia Power are unable to determine what impact, if any, conservation will have on their financial condition or results of
operations. 

Dominion’s merchant power business is operating in a
challenging market, which could adversely affect its results of operations and future growth.

 The success of Dominion’s merchant power business depends upon favorable market
conditions including the ability to purchase and sell power at prices sufficient to cover its operating costs. Dominion operates in active wholesale markets that expose it to price volatility for electricity and fuel as well as the credit risk of
counterparties. Dominion attempts to manage its price risk by entering into hedging transactions, including short-term and long-term fixed price sales and purchase contracts. 

In these wholesale markets, the spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the cost of supplying the next unit
of electricity to the market during that hour. In many cases, the next unit of electricity supplied would be provided by generating stations that consume fossil fuels, primarily natural gas. Consequently the open market wholesale price for
electricity generally reflects the cost of natural gas plus the cost to convert the fuel to electricity. Therefore changes in the price of natural gas generally affect the open market wholesale price of electricity. To the extent Dominion does not
enter into long-term power purchase agreements or otherwise hedge its output, then these changes in market prices could adversely affect its financial results. 

In addition, Dominion purchases fuel under a variety of terms, including long-term and short-term contracts and spot market purchases. Dominion is exposed to fuel cost volatility for the portion of its
fuel obtained through short-term contracts or on the spot market. Fuel prices can be volatile and the price that can be obtained for power produced from such fuel may not change at the same rate as fuel costs, thus adversely impacting
Dominion’s financial results. 

22

Table of Contents

Lastly, Dominion is exposed to credit risks of its counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail to perform under their
obligations to make payments. Defaults by suppliers or other counterparties may adversely affect Dominion’s financial results. 

Dominion’s merchant power business may be negatively affected by possible FERC actions that could weaken competition in the wholesale markets or affect pricing rules in the RTO
markets.

 Dominion’s merchant generation stations operating in PJM, MISO and ISO-NE sell capacity, energy and ancillary services into wholesale electricity markets regulated by FERC.
The wholesale markets allow these merchant generation stations to take advantage of market price opportunities, but also exposes them to market risk. Properly functioning competitive wholesale markets in PJM, MISO and ISO-NE depend upon FERC’s
continuation of clearly identified market rules. From time to time FERC may investigate and authorize PJM, MISO and ISO-NE to make changes in market design. FERC also periodically reviews Dominion’s authority to sell at market-based rates.
Material changes by FERC to the design of the wholesale markets or Dominion’s authority to sell power at market-based rates could adversely impact the future results of its merchant power business. 

Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operations could be affected by terrorist
activities and catastrophic events that could result from terrorism.

 In the event that their generating facilities or other infrastructure assets are subject to potential terrorist
activities, such activities could significantly impair their operations and result in a decrease in revenues and additional costs to repair and insure their assets, which could have a material adverse effect on their business. The effects of
potential terrorist activities could also include the risk of a significant decline in the U.S. economy, and the decreased availability and increased cost of insurance coverage, any of which could negatively impact the Companies’ results of
operations and financial condition. 

Dominion and Virginia Power have incurred increased capital and operating expenses and may
incur further costs for enhanced security in response to such risks. 

There
are risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities.

 Dominion and Virginia Power operate nuclear facilities that are subject to risks, including their ability to dispose of
spent nuclear fuel, the disposal of which is subject to complex federal and state regulatory constraints. These risks also include the cost of and ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning, costs of replacement power, costs of plant
maintenance and exposure to potential liabilities arising out of the operation of these facilities. Decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage are maintained to mitigate the financial exposure to these risks. However, it is possible that
decommissioning costs could exceed the amount in the trusts or that costs arising from claims could exceed the amount of any insurance coverage. 

The use of derivative instruments could result in financial losses and liquidity constraints.

 Dominion and Virginia Power use derivative instruments, including futures, swaps, forwards, options and FTRs, to manage commodity and financial market risks. In addition, Dominion purchases and sells commodity-based contracts primarily in
the natural gas market for trading purposes. The Companies could recognize financial losses on these contracts as a result of volatility in the market values of the underlying commodities or if a counterparty fails to perform

under a contract. In the absence of actively-quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these contracts involves management’s judgment or use of
estimates. As a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these contracts. 

In addition, Dominion uses derivatives primarily to hedge its merchant generation and gas and oil production. The use of such derivatives to hedge future electric and gas sales may limit the benefit
Dominion would otherwise receive from increases in commodity prices. These hedge arrangements generally include collateral requirements that require Dominion to deposit funds or post letters of credit with counterparties to cover the fair value of
covered contracts in excess of agreed upon credit limits. For instance, when commodity prices rise to levels substantially higher than the levels where they have hedged future sales, Dominion may be required to use a material portion of its
available liquidity or obtain additional liquidity to cover these collateral requirements. In some circumstances, this could have a compounding effect on Dominion’s financial liquidity and results of operations. 

Derivatives designated under hedge accounting to the extent not fully offset by the hedged transaction can result in ineffectiveness losses.
These losses primarily result from differences in the location and specifications of the derivative hedging instrument and the hedged item and could adversely affect Dominion’s results of operations. 

Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operations in regards to these transactions are subject to multiple market risks including market
liquidity, counterparty credit strength and price volatility. These market risks are beyond their control and could adversely affect their results of operations and future growth. 

For additional information concerning derivatives and commodity-based trading contracts, see Market Risk Sensitive Instruments and Risk
Management in Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and Notes 2 and 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Dominion’s E&P business is affected by factors that cannot be predicted or controlled and that could damage facilities, disrupt production or
reduce the book value of Dominion’s assets. 

Factors that may affect Dominion’s financial results include, but are not limited to: damage to or suspension of operations caused by
weather, fire, explosion or other events at Dominion’s or third-party gas and oil facilities, fluctuations in natural gas and crude oil prices, results of future drilling and well completion activities, Dominion’s ability to acquire
additional land positions in competitive lease areas, drilling cost pressures, operational risks that could disrupt production, drilling rig availability and geological and other uncertainties inherent in the estimate of gas and oil reserves.

Declines in natural gas and oil prices could adversely affect Dominion’s financial results by causing a permanent
write-down of its natural gas and oil properties as required by the full cost method of accounting. Under the full cost method, all direct costs of property acquisition, exploration and development activities are capitalized. If net capitalized
costs exceed the present value of estimated future net revenues from the production of proved gas and oil reserves using trailing twelve month average natural gas and oil prices (the ceiling test) at the end of any quarterly period, then a permanent
write-down of the assets must be recognized in that period. 

23

Table of Contents

Dominion and Virginia Power may not complete plant construction or expansion projects that
they commence, or they may complete proj

ects on materially different terms or timing than initially anticipated and they may not be able
to achieve the intended benefits of any such project, if completed.

 Several plant construction and expansion projects have been announced and additional projects may be considered in the
future. Management anticipates that they will be required to seek additional financing in the future to fund current and future plant construction and expansion projects and may not be able to secure such financing on favorable terms. In addition,
projects may not be able to be completed on time as a result of weather conditions, delays in obtaining or failure to obtain regulatory approvals, delays in obtaining key materials, labor difficulties, difficulties with partners or potential
partners, a decline in the credit strength of their counterparties or vendors, or other factors beyond their control. Even if plant construction and expansion projects are completed, the total costs of the projects may be higher than anticipated and
the performance of the business of Dominion and Virginia Power following the projects may not meet expectations. Additionally, regulators may disallow recovery of some of the costs of a project if they are deemed not to be prudently incurred.
Further, Dominion and Virginia Power may not be able to timely and effectively integrate the projects into their operations and such integration may result in unforeseen operating difficulties or unanticipated costs. Any of these or other factors
could adversely affect their ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the plant construction and expansion projects. 

An inability to access financial markets could affect the execution of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s business plans. 

Dominion and Virginia Power rely on access to short-term money markets, longer-term capital markets and banks as significant sources of funding and liquidity for capital expenditures, normal working capital and collateral requirements
related to hedges of future sales and purchases of energy-related commodities primarily associated with Dominion’s merchant generation and gas and oil production. Management believes that the Companies will maintain sufficient access to these
financial markets based upon their current credit ratings and market reputation. However, certain disruptions outside of Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s control may increase their cost of borrowing or restrict their ability to access one
or more financial markets. Such disruptions could include delays in the current economic recovery, the bankruptcy of an unrelated company, general market disruption due to general credit market or political events, changes to their credit ratings or
the failure of financial institutions on which they rely. Restrictions on the Companies’ ability to access financial markets may affect their ability to execute their business plans as scheduled. 

Market performance and other changes may decrease the value of decommissioning trust funds
and benefit plan assets or increase Dominion’s liabilities, which then could require significant additional funding.

 The performance of the capital markets affects the value of the
assets that are held in trusts to satisfy future obligations to decommission Dominion’s nuclear plants and under its pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Dominion has significant obligations in these areas and holds significant
assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuation and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below expected return rates. A

decline in the market value of the assets may increase the funding requirements of the obligations to decommission Dominion’s nuclear plants and under its pension and other postretirement
benefit plans. Additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under Dominion’s pension and other postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding.
Further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions, may also increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension benefit plans. If the decommissioning trust
funds and benefit plan assets are not successfully managed, Dominion’s results of operations and financial condition could be negatively affected. 

Changing rating agency requirements could negatively affect Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s growth and business strategy. 

As of February 1, 2010, Dominion’s senior unsecured debt is rated A-, stable outlook, by Standard & Poor’s; Baa2, stable outlook, by Moody’s; and BBB+, stable outlook, by Fitch. As
of February 1, 2010, Virginia Power’s senior unsecured debt is rated A-, stable outlook, by Standard & Poor’s; Baa1, positive outlook, by Moody’s; and A-, stable outlook, by Fitch. In order to maintain current credit
ratings in light of existing or future requirements, Dominion and Virginia Power may find it necessary to take steps or change their business plans in ways that may adversely affect their growth and earnings. A reduction in Dominion’s credit
ratings or the credit ratings of Virginia Power by Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s or Fitch could result in an increase in borrowing costs, loss of access to certain markets, or both, thus adversely affecting operating results and
could require Dominion to post additional collateral in connection with some of its price risk management activities. 

Potential changes in accounting practices may adversely affect Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s financial results.

Dominion and Virginia Power cannot predict the impact that future changes in accounting standards or practices may have on public companies in general, the energy industry or their operations specifically. New accounting standards could be issued
that could change the way they record revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. These changes in accounting standards could adversely affect reported earnings or could increase reported liabilities. 

Failure to retain and attract key executive officers and other skilled professional and
technical employees could have an adverse effect on Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s operations. 

Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s business strategy is dependent on their
ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees. Competition for skilled employees in some areas is high and the inability to retain and attract these employees could adversely affect their business and future operating results.