The Companies’ businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. A number

of these factors have been identified below. For other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement or projection contained in
this report, see Forward-Looking Statements in Item 7. MD&A. 

The Companies’ results of operations can
be affected by changes in the weather. Fluctuations in weather can affect demand for the Companies’ services. For example, milder than normal weather can reduce demand for electricity and gas transmission and distribution services. In
addition, severe weather, including hurricanes, winter storms, earthquakes, floods and other natural disasters can disrupt operation of the Companies’ facilities and cause service outages, production delays and property damage that require
incurring additional expenses. Changes in weather conditions can result in reduced water levels or changes in water temperatures that could adversely affect operations at some of the Companies’ power stations. Furthermore, the Companies’
operations could be adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage should changes in global climate produce, among other possible conditions, unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more
intense, frequent and extreme weather events, abnormal levels of precipitation and, for operations located on or near coastlines, a change in sea level or sea temperatures. 

The rates of Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ gas transmission and distribution operations and Virginia Power’s electric transmission, distribution and generation operations are subject to
regulatory review. Revenue provided by Virginia Power’s electric transmission, distribution and generation operations and Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ gas transmission and distribution operations is based primarily on rates
approved by state and federal regulatory agencies. The profitability of these businesses is dependent on their ability, through the rates that they are permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on their capital
investment. 

Virginia Power’s wholesale rates for electric transmission service are adjusted on an annual basis through
operation of a FERC-approved formula rate mechanism. Through this mechanism, Virginia Power’s wholesale electric transmission cost of service is estimated and thereafter adjusted to reflect Virginia Power’s actual electric transmission
costs incurred. These wholesale rates are subject to FERC review and prospective adjustment in the event that customers and/or interested state commissions file a complaint with FERC and are able to demonstrate that Virginia Power’s wholesale
revenue requirement is no longer just and reasonable. 

Similarly, various rates and charges assessed by Dominion’s and
Dominion Gas’ gas transmission businesses are subject to review by FERC. Pursuant to FERC’s February 2014 approval of DTI’s uncontested settlement offer, DTI’s base rates for storage and transportation services are subject to a
moratorium through the end of 2016. In addition, the rates of Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ gas distribution businesses are subject to state regulatory review in the jurisdictions in which they operate. A failure by us to support these
rates could result in rate decreases from current rate levels, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Virginia Power’s base rates, terms and conditions for generation and distribution services to customers in Virginia are reviewed by the Virginia Commission on a biennial basis in a

24

Table of Contents

proceeding that involves the determination of Virginia Power’s actual earned ROE during a combined two-year historic test period, and the determination of Virginia Power’s authorized
ROE prospectively. Under certain circumstances described in the Regulation Act, Virginia Power may be required to share a portion of its earnings with customers through a refund process. 

Legislation signed by the Virginia Governor in February 2015 suspends biennial reviews for the five successive 12-month test periods
beginning January 1, 2015 and ending December 31, 2019, and no changes will be made to Virginia Power’s existing base rates until at least December 1, 2022. During this period, Virginia Power bears the risk of any severe weather events and
natural disasters, as well as the risk of asset impairments related to the early retirement of any generation facilities due to the implementation of the Clean Power Plan regulations, and Virginia Power may not recover its associated costs through
increases to base rates. If Virginia Power incurs any such significant unusual expenses during this period, Virginia Power may not be able to recover its costs and/or earn a reasonable return on capital investment, which could negatively affect
Virginia Power’s future earnings. 

Virginia Power’s retail electric base rates for bundled generation, transmission,
and distribution services to customers in North Carolina are regulated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return basis subject to North Carolina statutes, and the rules and procedures of the North Carolina Commission. If retail electric earnings exceed
the returns established by the North Carolina Commission, retail electric rates may be subject to review and possible reduction by the North Carolina Commission, which may decrease Virginia Power’s future earnings. Additionally, if the North
Carolina Commission does not allow recovery through base rates, on a timely basis, of costs incurred in providing service, Virginia Power’s future earnings could be negatively impacted. 

The Companies are subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of
operations and subject the Companies to monetary penalties. The Companies’ operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation and require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies.
Such laws and regulations govern the terms and conditions of the services we offer, our relationships with affiliates, protection of our critical electric infrastructure assets and pipeline safety, among other matters. These operations are also
subject to legislation governing taxation at the federal, state and local level. They must also comply with environmental legislation and associated regulations. Management believes that the necessary approvals have been obtained for existing
operations and that the business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws. The Companies’ businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if any of the Companies is found not to be in
compliance, including mandatory reliability standards and interaction in the wholesale markets. New laws or regulations, the revision or reinterpretation of existing laws or regulations, changes in enforcement practices of regulators, or penalties
imposed for non-compliance with existing laws or regulations may result in substantial additional expense.

 Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s generation business may be negatively affected
by possible FERC actions that could change market design in the wholesale markets or affect pricing rules or revenue calculations in the RTO markets. Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s generation stations operating in RTO markets sell
capacity, energy and ancillary services into wholesale electricity markets regulated by FERC. The wholesale markets allow these generation stations to take advantage of market price opportunities, but also expose them to market risk. Properly
functioning competitive wholesale markets depend upon FERC’s continuation of clearly identified market rules. From time to time FERC may investigate and authorize RTOs to make changes in market design. FERC also periodically reviews
Dominion’s authority to sell at market-based rates. Material changes by FERC to the design of the wholesale markets or its interpretation of market rules, Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s authority to sell power at market-based rates,
or changes to pricing rules or rules involving revenue calculations, could adversely impact the future results of Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s generation business. In addition, there have been changes to the interpretation and
application of FERC’s market manipulation rules. A failure to comply with these rules could lead to civil and criminal penalties. 

The Companies’ infrastructure build and expansion plans often require regulatory approval before construction can commence. The Companies may not complete facility construction, pipeline,
conversion or other infrastructure projects that they commence, or they may complete projects on materially different terms or timing than initially anticipated, and they may not be able to achieve the intended benefits of any such project, if
completed. Several facility construction, pipeline, electric transmission line, expansion, conversion and other infrastructure projects have been announced and additional projects may be considered in the future. Dominion Gas competes for
projects with companies of varying size and financial capabilities, including some that may have advantages competing for natural gas and liquid gas supplies. Commencing construction on announced and future projects may require approvals from
applicable state and federal agencies. Projects may not be able to be completed on time as a result of weather conditions, delays in obtaining or failure to obtain regulatory approvals, delays in obtaining key materials, labor difficulties,
difficulties with partners or potential partners, a decline in the credit strength of counterparties or vendors, or other factors beyond the Companies’ control. Even if facility construction, pipeline, expansion, electric transmission line,
conversion and other infrastructure projects are completed, the total costs of the projects may be higher than anticipated and the performance of the business of the Companies following completion of the projects may not meet expectations. Start-up
and operational issues can arise in connection with the commencement of commercial operations at our facilities, including but not limited to commencement of commercial operations at our power generation facilities following expansions and fuel type
conversions to natural gas and biomass. Such issues may include failure to meet specific operating parameters, which may require adjustments to meet or amend these operating parameters. Additionally, the Companies may not be able to timely and
effectively integrate the projects into their operations and such integration may result in unforeseen operating difficulties or unanticipated costs. Further, regulators may

25

Table of Contents

disallow recovery of some of the costs of a project if they are deemed not to be prudently incurred. Any of these or other factors could adversely affect the Companies’ ability to realize
the anticipated benefits from the facility construction, pipeline, electric transmission line, expansion, conversion and other infrastructure projects. 

The development and construction of several large-scale infrastructure projects simultaneously involves significant execution risk. The Companies are currently simultaneously developing or
constructing several major projects, including the Liquefaction Project, the Atlantic Coast Pipeline project, the strategic undergrounding project, Brunswick County, and multiple DTI producer outlet projects, which together help contribute to the
over $16 billion in capital expenditures planned by the Companies through 2017. Several of the Companies’ key projects are increasingly large-scale, complex and being constructed in constrained geographic areas (for example, the Liquefaction
Project) or in difficult terrain (for example, the Atlantic Coast Pipeline project). The advancement of the Companies’ ventures is also affected by the activities of stakeholder and advocacy groups, some of which oppose natural gas-related and
energy infrastructure projects. Given that these projects provide the foundation for the Companies’ strategic growth plan, if the Companies are unable to obtain the required approvals, develop the necessary technical expertise, allocate and
coordinate sufficient resources, adhere to budgets and timelines, effectively handle public outreach efforts, or otherwise fail to successfully execute the projects, there could be an adverse impact to the Companies’ financial position, results
of operations and cash flows. Further, an inability to obtain financing or otherwise provide liquidity for the projects on acceptable terms could negatively affect the Companies’ financial condition, cash flows, the projects’ anticipated
financial results and/or impair the Companies’ ability to execute the business plan for the projects as scheduled. 

Given
their significant anticipated capital expenditures and unique attributes, the Liquefaction Project and the Atlantic Coast Pipeline project in particular are subject to significant execution risk. 

Cove Point Liquefaction Project—The Liquefaction Project, which is expected to cost approximately $2.6 billion to complete, exclusive of
financing costs, involves regulatory, construction, customer and other risks. Dominion has received the required approvals to commence construction of the Liquefaction Project from the DOE, FERC and the Maryland Commission, which are subject to
compliance with the applicable permit conditions. However, all DOE export licenses are subject to review and possible withdrawal should the DOE conclude that such export authorization is no longer in the public interest. The issuance of the FERC and
Maryland approval orders has been appealed by third parties. Dominion does not know whether any existing or potential interventions or other actions by third parties will interfere with its ability to maintain such approvals, but loss of any
material approval could have a material adverse effect on the construction or operation of the facility. In addition, the Liquefaction Project has been the subject of litigation in the past and could be the subject of litigation in the future.
Failure to comply with regulatory approval conditions or an adverse ruling in any future litigation could adversely affect Dominion’s ability to execute its business plan.

 Dominion is dependent on its contractors for the successful and timely completion of the
Liquefaction Project. There is limited recent industry experience in the U.S. regarding the construction or operation of large liquefaction projects. The construction is expected to take several years, will be confined within a limited geographic
area and could be subject to delays, cost overruns, labor disputes and other factors that could cause the total cost of the project to exceed the anticipated amount and adversely affect Dominion’s financial performance and/or impair
Dominion’s ability to execute the business plan for the project as scheduled. 

The terminal service agreements are subject
to certain conditions precedent, including maintenance of certain regulatory approvals. Because the project will have only two customers, the financial performance of the project is highly dependent on those two counterparties, whose ability to
perform their obligations under the contracts is subject to factors outside Dominion’s control. Dominion will also be exposed to counterparty credit risk. While the counterparties’ obligations are supported by parental guarantees and
letters of credit, there is no assurance that such credit support would be sufficient to satisfy the obligations in the event of a counterparty default. In addition, if a controversy arises under either agreement resulting in a judgment in
Dominion’s favor, Dominion may need to seek to enforce a final U.S. court judgment in a foreign tribunal, which could involve a lengthy process. 

Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project—The Atlantic Coast Pipeline project, which will be constructed by DTI, is expected to have a total cost of approximately $4.5 to $5 billion, excluding financing
costs, and will involve significant permitting and construction risks. The project requires the approval of FERC and other federal and state agencies, which could be delayed or withheld. Dominion expects opposition from certain landowners and
stakeholder groups, which could impede the acquisition of rights-of-way and other land rights on a timely basis or on acceptable terms. 

The large diameter of the pipeline and difficult terrain of certain portions of the proposed pipeline route aggravate the typical construction risks with which DTI is familiar. In-service delays could
lead to cost overruns and potential customer termination rights. 

Dominion owns a 45% membership interest in Atlantic Coast
Pipeline. Dominion’s lack of a controlling interest means that it has limited influence over this business. If another member were unable or otherwise failed to perform its obligations to provide capital and credit support for this business, it
could have an adverse effect on Dominion’s financial results. 

If additional federal and/or state requirements are
imposed on energy companies mandating limitations on GHG emissions or requiring efficiency improvements, such requirements may result in compliance 
costs that alone or in combination could make some of the Companies’ electric generation
units or natural gas facilities uneconomical to maintain or operate. The EPA, environmental advocacy groups, other organizations and some state and other federal agencies are focusing considerable attention on GHG emissions from power generation
facilities and their potential role in climate change. Dominion and Virginia Power expect that additional EPA regulations, and possibly additional state legislation and/or regulations, may be issued resulting in the imposition of additional
limitations on GHG emissions or requir-

26

Table of Contents

ing efficiency improvements from fossil fuel-fired electric generating units. 

Compliance with GHG emission reduction requirements may require increasing the energy efficiency of equipment at facilities, committing significant capital toward carbon controls and/or reduction
programs, purchase of allowances and/or offsets, fuel switching, and/or retirement of high-emitting generation facilities and potential replacement with lower emitting generation facilities. The Clean Power Plan uses a set of measures for reducing
emissions from existing sources that includes efficiency improvements at coal plants, displacing coal-fired generation with increased utilization of natural gas combined cycle units, expanding renewable resources and increasing customer energy
efficiency. Compliance with the Clean Power Plan’s anticipated implementing regulations may require Virginia Power to prematurely retire certain generating facilities, with the potential lack or delay of cost recovery and substantially higher
electric rates, which could affect consumer demand. The cost of compliance with GHG emission legislation and/or regulation is subject to significant uncertainties due to the outcome of several interrelated assumptions and variables, including timing
of the implementation of rules, required levels of reductions, allocation requirements of the new rules, the maturation and commercialization of carbon controls and/or reduction programs, and the selected compliance alternatives. Dominion and
Virginia Power cannot estimate the aggregate effect of such requirements on their results of operations, financial condition or their customers. However, such expenditures, if material, could make Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s generation
facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s results of operations, financial performance or liquidity. 

There are also potential impacts on Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ natural gas businesses as federal or state
GHG legislation or regulations may require GHG emission reductions from the natural gas sector and could affect demand for natural gas. Several regions of the U.S. have moved forward with GHG emission regulations including regions where Dominion has
operations. For example, Rhode Island has implemented regulations requiring reductions in CO
2

 emissions through RGGI, a cap and trade program covering CO
2

 emissions from power plants in the Northeast. Additionally, GHG requirements could result in increased demand for energy conservation and renewable products. 

The Companies’ operations are subject to a number of environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs
to the Companies. The Companies’ operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources, and health and safety.
Compliance with these legal requirements requires the Companies to commit significant capital toward permitting, emission fees, environmental monitoring, installation and operation of environmental control equipment and purchase of allowances and/or
offsets. Additionally, the Companies could be responsible for expenses relating to remediation and containment obligations, including at sites where they have been identified by a regulatory agency as a potentially responsible party. Expenditures
relating to environmental compliance have been significant in the past, and the Companies expect that they will remain significant in the

future. Certain facilities have become uneconomical to operate and have been shut down, converted to new fuel types or sold. These types of events could occur again in the future. 

Existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised and/or new laws may be adopted or become applicable to the Companies. Risks
relating to expected regulation of GHG emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired electric generating units are discussed below. In addition, further regulation of air quality and GHG emissions under the CAA may be imposed on the natural gas sector,
including rules to limit methane leakage. The Companies are also subject to recently finalized federal water and waste regulations, including regulations concerning cooling water intake structures, coal combustion by-product handling and disposal
practices, and the potential further regulation of polychlorinated biphenyls. 

Compliance costs cannot be estimated with
certainty due to the inability to predict the requirements and timing of implementation of any new environmental rules or regulations. Other factors which affect the ability to predict future environmental expenditures with certainty include the
difficulty in estimating clean-up costs and quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several liability on all responsible parties. However, such expenditures, if material, could make the Companies’ facilities
uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect the Companies’ results of operations, financial performance or liquidity. 

Virginia Power is subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash. Virginia Power historically produced and continues to produce coal ash as a by-product of its coal-fired
generation operations. The ash is stored and managed in impoundments (ash ponds) and landfills located at eight different facilities. 

Virginia Power may face litigation regarding alleged CWA violations at Possum Point and Chesapeake and could incur settlement expenses and other costs, depending on the outcome of any such litigation,
including costs associated with closing, corrective action and ongoing monitoring of certain ash ponds. In addition, the federal government recently signed final regulations concerning the management and storage of CCRs and Virginia and West
Virginia may impose additional regulations which would apply to the facilities identified above. Such regulations could require Virginia Power to make additional capital expenditures, increase its operating and maintenance expenses or even cause it
to close certain facilities. 

Further, while Virginia Power operates its ash ponds and landfills in compliance with applicable
state safety regulations, a release of coal ash with a significant environmental impact, such as the Dan River ash basin release by a neighboring utility, could result in remediation costs, civil and/or criminal penalties, claims, litigation,
increased regulation and compliance costs, and reputational damage, and could impact the financial condition of Virginia Power. 

The Companies’ operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions and personnel issues
which could negatively affect the Companies. Operation of the Companies’ facilities involves risk, including the risk of potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure, fuel supply, pipeline integrity
or transportation disruptions, accidents, labor disputes or work stoppages 

27

Table of Contents

by employees, acts of terrorism or sabotage, construction delays or cost overruns, shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material and labor, operational restrictions resulting from
environmental limitations and governmental interventions, and performance below expected levels. The Companies’ businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could
prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. Because the Companies’ transmission facilities, pipelines and other facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of their facilities and pipelines could be
adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties. 

Operation of the
Companies’ facilities below expected capacity levels could result in lost revenues and increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs. Unplanned outages of the Companies’ facilities and extensions of scheduled outages due to
mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the Companies’ business. Unplanned outages typically increase the Companies’ operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce their revenues as a
result of selling less output or may require the Companies to incur significant costs as a result of operating higher cost units or obtaining replacement output from third parties in the open market to satisfy forward energy and capacity or other
contractual obligations. Moreover, if the Companies are unable to perform their contractual obligations, penalties or liability for damages could result. 

In addition, there are many risks associated with the Companies’ operations and the transportation, storage and processing of natural gas and NGLs, including nuclear accidents, fires, explosions,
uncontrolled release of natural gas and other environmental hazards, pole strikes, electric contact cases, the collision of third party equipment with pipelines and avian and other wildlife impacts. Such incidents could result in loss of human life
or injuries among employees, customers or the public in general, environmental pollution, damage or destruction of facilities or business interruptions and associated public or employee safety impacts, loss of revenues, increased liabilities,
heightened regulatory scrutiny and reputational risk. Further, the location of pipelines and storage facilities, or generation, transmission, substations and distribution facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial
business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks. 

D
ominion and
Virginia Power have substantial ownership interests in and operate nuclear generating units; as a result, each may incur 
substantial costs and liabilities. Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear facilities are subject to
operational, environmental, health and financial risks such as the on-site storage of spent nuclear fuel, the ability to dispose of such spent nuclear fuel, the ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning, limitations on the amounts
and types of insurance available, potential operational liabilities and extended outages, the costs of replacement power, the costs of maintenance and the costs of securing the facilities against possible terrorist attacks. Dominion and Virginia
Power maintain decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage to minimize the financial exposure to these risks; however, it is possible that future decommissioning costs could exceed amounts in the decommissioning trusts and/or damages
could exceed the amount of insurance coverage. If

Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s decommissioning trust funds are insufficient, and they are not allowed to recover the additional costs incurred through insurance, or in the case of
Virginia Power through regulatory mechanisms, their results of operations could be negatively impacted. 

Dominion’s and
Virginia Power’s nuclear facilities are also subject to complex government regulation which could negatively impact their results of operations. The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements
for the operation of nuclear generating facilities. In the event of noncompliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines, set license conditions, shut down a nuclear unit, or take some combination of these actions, depending on its assessment of
the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. Revised safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could require Dominion and Virginia Power to make substantial expenditures at their nuclear plants. In addition, although the Companies
have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at their plants, if an incident did occur, it could materially and adversely affect their results of operations and/or financial condition. A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in
the world, such as the nuclear events in Japan in 2011, could cause the NRC to adopt increased safety regulations or otherwise limit or restrict the operation or licensing of domestic nuclear units. 

Dominion and Dominion Gas depend on third parties to produce the natural gas they gather and process, and to provide NGLs they separate
into marketable products. A reduction in these quantities could reduce Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ 
revenues. Dominion and Dominion Gas obtain their supply of natural gas and NGLs from numerous third-party producers. Most
producers are under no obligation to deliver a specific quantity of natural gas or NGLs to Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ facilities. A number of factors could reduce the volumes of natural gas and NGLs available to Dominion’s and
Dominion Gas’ pipelines and other assets. Increased regulation of energy extraction activities or a decrease in natural gas prices or the availability of drilling equipment could result in reductions in drilling for new natural gas wells, which
could decrease the volumes of natural gas supplied to Dominion and Dominion Gas. Producers could shift their production activities to regions outside Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ footprint. In addition, the extent of natural gas reserves
and the rate of production from such reserves may be less than anticipated. If producers were to decrease the supply of natural gas or NGLs to Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ systems and facilities for any reason, Dominion and Dominion Gas
could experience lower revenues to the extent they are unable to replace the lost volumes on similar terms. 

Dominion’s
merchant power business operates in a challenging market, which could adversely affect its results of operations and future growth. The success of Dominion’s merchant power business depends upon favorable market conditions including the
ability to sell power at prices sufficient to cover its operating costs. Dominion operates in active wholesale markets that expose it to price volatility for electricity and fuel as well as the credit risk of counterparties. Dominion attempts to
manage its price risk by entering into hedging transactions, including short-term and long-term fixed price sales and purchase contracts. 

In these wholesale markets, the spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. In many

28

Table of Contents

cases, the next unit of electricity supplied would be provided by generating stations that consume fossil fuels, primarily natural gas. Consequently, the open market wholesale price for
electricity generally reflects the cost of natural gas plus the cost to convert the fuel to electricity. Therefore, changes in the price of natural gas generally affect the open market wholesale price of electricity. To the extent Dominion does not
enter into long-term power purchase agreements or otherwise effectively hedge its output, these changes in market prices could adversely affect its financial results. 

Dominion purchases fuel under a variety of terms, including long-term and short-term contracts and spot market purchases. Dominion is exposed to fuel cost volatility for the portion of its fuel obtained
through short-term contracts or on the spot market, including as a result of market supply shortages. Fuel prices can be volatile and the price that can be obtained for power produced from such fuel may not change at the same rate as fuel costs,
thus adversely impacting Dominion’s financial results. 

In addition, in the event that any of the merchant generation
facilities experience a forced outage, Dominion may not receive the level of revenue it anticipated. 

The Companies’
financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving demand for electricity and gas and related services. Technological advances required by federal laws mandate new levels of energy efficiency in end-use devices, including
lighting, furnaces and electric heat pumps and could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption. Additionally, certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy
consumption by a fixed date. Further, Virginia Power’s business model is premised upon the cost efficiency of the production, transmission and distribution of large-scale centralized utility generation. However, advances in distributed
generation technologies, such as solar cells, gas microturbines and fuel cells, may make these alternative generation methods competitive with large-scale utility generation, and change how customers acquire or use our services. 

Reduced energy demand or significantly slowed growth in demand due to customer adoption of energy efficient technology, conservation,
distributed generation or regional economic conditions, unless substantially offset through regulatory cost allocations, could adversely impact the value of the Companies’ business activities. 

Dominion Gas has experienced a decline in demand for certain of its processing services due to competing facilities operating in nearby
areas. 

Dominion Gas may not be able to maintain, renew or replace its existing portfolio of customer contracts
successfully, or on favorable terms. Upon contract expiration, customers may not elect to re-contract with Dominion Gas as a result of a variety of factors, including the amount of competition in the industry, changes in the price of natural
gas, their level of satisfaction with Dominion Gas’ services, the extent to which Dominion Gas is able to successfully execute its business plans and the effect of the regulatory framework on customer demand. The failure to replace any such
customer contracts on similar terms could result in a loss of revenue for Dominion Gas. 

Exposure to counterparty
performance may adversely affect the Companies’ financial results of operations. The Companies are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that

one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations, including but not limited to payment for services. Counterparties could fail or delay the
performance of their contractual obligations for a number of reasons, including the effect of regulations on their operations. Defaults by customers, suppliers, joint venture partners or other third parties may adversely affect the Companies’
financial results. 

In addition, in an economic downturn, individual customers of East Ohio may have increased amounts of bad
debt. While rate riders have been obtained so that those losses will, for the most part, be recovered by future rates, such recovery will be over a period of time, while the cost is incurred earlier by East Ohio. 

Market performance and other changes may decrease the value of Dominion’s decommissioning trust funds and Dominion’s and
Dominion Gas’ benefit plan assets or increase Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ liabilities, which could then require significant additional funding. The performance of the capital markets affects the value of the assets that are held
in trusts to satisfy future obligations to decommission Dominion’s nuclear plants and under Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ pension and other postretirement benefit plans. Dominion and Dominion Gas have significant obligations in these
areas and holds significant assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuation and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below expected return rates. 

With respect to decommissioning trust funds, a decline in the market value of these assets may increase the funding requirements of the obligations to decommission Dominion’s nuclear plants or
require additional NRC-approved funding assurance. 

A decline in the market value of the assets held in trusts to satisfy
future obligations under Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ pension and other postretirement benefit plans may increase the funding requirements under such plans. Additionally, changes in interest rates will affect the liabilities under
Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ pension and other postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers of
retirements or changes in mortality assumptions, may also increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and other postretirement benefit plans. 

If the decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets are negatively impacted by market fluctuations or other factors, Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ results of operations, financial
condition and/or cash flows could be negatively affected. 

The use of derivative instruments could result in
financial losses and liquidity constraints. The Companies use derivative instruments, including futures, swaps, forwards, options and FTRs, to manage commodity and financial market risks. In addition, Dominion and Dominion Gas purchase and sell
commodity-based contracts for hedging purposes. 

The Dodd-Frank Act was enacted into law in July 2010 in an effort to improve
regulation of financial markets. The Dodd-Frank Act includes provisions that will require certain over-the-counter derivatives, or swaps, to be centrally cleared and executed through an exchange or other approved trading platform. Non-financial
entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk, often referred to as end users, can choose to exempt their hedging transactions from these clearing and exchange trading

29

Table of Contents

requirements. Final rules for the over-the-counter derivative-related provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act will continue to be established through the ongoing rulemaking process of the applicable
regulators, including rules regarding margin requirements for non-cleared swaps. If, as a result of the rulemaking process, the Companies’ derivative activities are not exempted from the clearing, exchange trading or margin requirements, the
Companies could be subject to higher costs, including from higher margin requirements, for their derivative activities. In addition, implementation of, and compliance with, the swaps provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act by the Companies’
counterparties could result in increased costs related to the Companies’ derivative activities. 

Changing rating agency
requirements could negatively affect the Companies’ growth and business strategy. In order to maintain appropriate credit ratings to obtain needed credit at a reasonable cost in light of existing or future rating agency requirements, the
Companies may find it necessary to take steps or change their business plans in ways that may adversely affect their growth and earnings. A reduction in the Companies’ credit ratings could result in an increase in borrowing costs, loss of
access to certain markets, or both, thus adversely affecting operating results and could require the Companies to post additional collateral in connection with some of its price risk management activities. 

Dominion Gas depends, in part, on an intercompany credit agreement with Dominion and certain bank syndicated credit facilities
available to Dominion and Dominion Gas for short-
term borrowings to meet working capital needs. If Dominion’s short-term funding resources, which include the commercial paper market and its syndicated bank credit facilities, become
unavailable to Dominion, Dominion Gas’ access to short-term funding could also be in jeopardy. Dominion Gas relies, in part, on an IRCA with Dominion to provide Dominion Gas, and its subsidiaries, with short-term borrowings to meet working
capital and other cash needs. Dominion relies, in part, on the issuance of commercial paper in the short-term money markets to fund advances it makes to Dominion Gas under the IRCA. The issuance of commercial paper by Dominion is supported by its
access to two bank syndicated revolving credit facilities. In addition, these facilities could be drawn upon either by Dominion Gas directly or by Dominion to fund Dominion Gas borrowing requests under the IRCA. 

In the event of a default under the bank syndicated credit facilities by any of the Companies, Dominion could lose access to these
facilities. In such an event, Dominion may not be able to rely on either the commercial paper market or the bank facility for its own short-term funding, and thus may not be able to fund a request by Dominion Gas under the IRCA. 

An inability to access financial markets could adversely affect the execution of the Companies’ business 
plans. The
Companies rely on access to short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as significant sources of funding and liquidity for business plans with increasing capital expenditure needs, normal working capital and collateral requirements
related to hedges of future sales and purchases of energy-related commodities. Deterioration in the Companies’ creditworthiness, as evaluated by credit rating agencies or otherwise, or declines in market reputation either for the Companies or
their industry in general, or general financial market disruptions outside of the Companies’

control could increase their cost of borrowing or restrict their ability to access one or more financial markets. Further market disruptions could stem from delays in the current economic
recovery, the bankruptcy of an unrelated company, general market disruption due to general credit market or political events, or the failure of financial institutions on which the Companies rely. Increased costs and restrictions on the
Companies’ ability to access financial markets may be severe enough to affect their ability to execute their business plans as scheduled. 

Potential changes in accounting practices may adversely affect the Companies’ financial results. The Companies cannot predict the impact that future changes in accounting standards or
practices may have on public companies in general, the energy industry or their operations specifically. New accounting standards could be issued that could change the way they record revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. These changes in
accounting standards could adversely affect earnings or could increase liabilities. 

War, acts and threats of terrorism,
natural disasters and other significant events could adversely affect the Companies’ operations. The Companies cannot predict the impact that any future terrorist attacks may have on the energy industry in general, or on the Companies’
business in particular. Any retaliatory military strikes or sustained military campaign may affect the Companies’ operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets. In addition,
the Companies’ infrastructure facilities could be direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of terror. For example, a physical attack on a critical substation in California resulted in serious impacts to the power grid. Furthermore,
the physical compromise of the Companies’ facilities could adversely affect the Companies’ ability to manage these facilities effectively. Instability in financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, natural disasters, pandemic, credit
crises, recession or other factors could result in a significant decline in the U.S. economy and increase the cost of insurance coverage. This could negatively impact the Companies’ results of operations and financial condition. 

Hostile cyber intrusions could severely impair the Companies’ operations, lead to the disclosure of confidential information,
damage the reputation of the Companies and otherwise have an adverse effect on the Companies’ business. The Companies own assets deemed as critical infrastructure, the operation of which is dependent on information technology systems.
Further, the computer systems that run the Companies’ facilities are not completely isolated from external networks. There appears to be an increasing level of activity, sophistication and maturity of threat actors, in particular nation state
actors, that wish to disrupt the U.S. bulk power system and the U.S. gas transmission or distribution system. Such parties could view the Companies’ computer systems, software or networks as attractive targets for cyber attack. For example,
malware has been designed to target software that runs the nation’s critical infrastructure such as power transmission grids and gas pipelines. In addition, the Companies’ businesses require that they and their vendors collect and maintain
sensitive customer data, as well as confidential employee and shareholder information, which is subject to electronic theft or loss.

30

Table of Contents

 A successful cyber attack on the systems that control the Companies’ electric
generation, electric or gas transmission or distribution assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing the Companies from serving customers or collecting revenues. The breach of certain business systems could affect the
Companies’ ability to correctly record, process and report financial information. A major cyber incident could result in significant expenses to investigate and repair security breaches or system damage and could lead to litigation, fines,
other remedial action, heightened regulatory scrutiny and damage to the Companies’ reputation. In addition, the misappropriation, corruption or loss of personally identifiable information and other confidential data could lead to significant
breach notification expenses and mitigation expenses such as credit monitoring. The Companies maintain property and casualty insurance that may cover certain damage caused by potential cyber incidents; however, other damage and claims arising from
such incidents may not be covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance available. For these reasons, a significant cyber incident could materially and adversely affect the Companies’ business, financial condition and results of operations.

Failure to retain and attract key executive officers and other skilled professional and technical employees could have an
adverse effect on the Companies’ operations. The Companies’ business strategy is dependent on their ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees. The Companies’ key executive officers are the CEO, CFO and presidents and those
responsible for financial, operational, legal, regulatory and accounting functions. Competition for skilled management employees in these areas of the Companies’ business operations is high. In addition, demand for skilled professional and
technical employees in gas transmission, storage, gathering, processing and distribution and in design and construction is high in light of growth in demand for natural gas, increased supply of natural gas as a result of developments in gas
production, increased infrastructure projects, increased risk in certain areas of the business, such as cybersecurity, and increased regulation of these activities. The Companies’ inability to retain and attract these employees could adversely
affect their business and future operating results. An aging workforce in the energy industry also necessitates recruiting, retaining and developing the next generation of leadership.