The
Companies’ businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. A number of these factors have been identified below. For
other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement or projection contained in this report, see Forward-Looking Statements in Item 7. MD&A. 

The Companies’ results of operations can be affected by changes in the weather. Fluctuations in weather can affect demand for the
Companies’ services. For example, milder than normal weather can reduce demand for electricity and gas transmission and distribution services. In addition, severe weather, including hurricanes, winter storms, earthquakes, floods and other
natural disasters can disrupt operation of the Companies’ facilities and cause service outages, production delays and property damage that require incurring additional expenses. Changes in weather conditions can result in reduced water levels
or changes in water temperatures that could adversely affect operations at some of the Companies’ power stations. Furthermore, the Companies’ operations could be adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage
should changes in global climate produce, among other possible conditions, unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, abnormal levels of precipitation and, for operations
located on or near coastlines, a change in sea level or sea temperatures. 

The rates of Dominion Energy’s and Dominion Energy
Gas’ gas transmission and distribution operations and Virginia Power’s electric transmission, distribution and generation operations are subject to regulatory review. Revenue provided by Virginia Power’s electric transmission,
distribution and generation operations and Dominion Energy’s and Dominion Energy Gas’ gas transmission and distribution operations is based primarily on rates approved by state and federal regulatory agencies. However, certain large scale
customers are able to enter into negotiated-rate contracts rather than pay 
cost-of-service
 rates which are subject to regulatory review. The profitability of these
businesses is dependent on their ability, through the rates that they are permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on their capital investment.

 Virginia Power’s wholesale rates for electric transmission service are updated on an
annual basis through operation of a FERC-approved formula rate mechanism. Through this mechanism, Virginia Power’s wholesale rates for electric transmission reflect the estimated
cost-of-service
 for each calendar year. The difference in the estimated 
cost-of-service

and actual 
cost-of-service
 for each calendar year is included as an adjustment to the wholesale rates for electric transmission service in a subsequent calendar year.
These wholesale rates are subject to FERC review and prospective adjustment in the event that customers and/or interested state commissions file a complaint with FERC and are able to demonstrate that Virginia Power’s wholesale revenue
requirement is no longer just and reasonable. They are also subject to retroactive corrections to the extent that the formula rate was not properly populated with the actual costs. 

Similarly, various rates and charges assessed by Dominion Energy’s and Dominion Energy Gas’ gas transmission businesses are subject
to review by FERC. In addition, the rates of Dominion Energy’s and Dominion Energy Gas’ gas distribution businesses are subject to state regulatory review in the jurisdictions in which they operate. A failure by Dominion Energy or Dominion
Energy Gas to support these rates could result in rate decreases from current rate levels, which could adversely affect Dominion Energy’s and Dominion Energy Gas’ results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

Virginia Power’s base rates, terms and conditions for generation and distribution services to customers in Virginia are reviewed by the
Virginia Commission on a biennial basis in a proceeding that involves the determination of Virginia Power’s actual earned ROE during a combined two-year historic test period, and the determination of
Virginia Power’s authorized ROE prospectively. Under certain circumstances described in the Regulation Act, Virginia Power may be required to share a portion of its earnings with customers through a refund process. 

Legislation signed by the Virginia Governor in February 2015 suspends biennial reviews for the five successive
12-month test periods beginning January 1, 2015 and ending December 31, 2019, and no changes will be made to Virginia Power’s existing base rates until at least December 1, 2022. During
this period, Virginia Power bears the risk of any severe weather events and natural disasters, the risk of asset impairments related to the early retirement of any generation facilities due to the implementation of environmental regulations, as well
as an increase in general operating and financing costs, and Virginia Power may not recover its associated costs through increases to base rates. If Virginia Power incurs any such significant additional expenses during this period, Virginia Power
may not be able to recover its costs and/or earn a reasonable return on capital investment, which could negatively affect Virginia Power’s future earnings. 

Virginia Power’s retail electric base rates for bundled generation, transmission, and distribution services to customers in North
Carolina are regulated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return

 basis subject to North
Carolina statutes, and the rules and procedures of the North Carolina Commission. If retail electric earnings exceed the returns established by the North Carolina Commission, retail electric rates may be subject to review and possible reduction by
the North Carolina Commission, which may decrease Virginia Power’s future earnings. Additionally, if the North Carolina Commission does not allow recovery through

27

Table of Contents

base rates, on a timely basis, of costs incurred in providing service, Virginia Power’s future earnings could be negatively impacted. 

Governmental officials, stakeholders and advocacy groups may challenge these regulatory reviews. Such challenges may lengthen the time,
complexity and costs associated with such regulatory reviews. 
The Companies are subject to complex governmental regulation, including
tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of operations and subject the Companies to monetary penalties. The Companies’ operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation and require numerous permits,
approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies. Such laws and regulations govern the terms and conditions of the services we offer, our relationships with affiliates, protection of our critical electric infrastructure assets and
pipeline safety, among other matters. These operations are also subject to legislation governing taxation at the federal, state and local level. They must also comply with environmental legislation and associated regulations. Management believes
that the necessary approvals have been obtained for existing operations and that the business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws. The Companies’ businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial
monetary penalties if any of the Companies is found not to be in compliance, including mandatory reliability standards and interaction in the wholesale markets. New laws or regulations, the revision or reinterpretation of existing laws or
regulations, changes in enforcement practices of regulators, or penalties imposed for 
non-compliance with existing laws or regulations may result in substantial additional expense. Recent legislative and
regulatory changes that are impacting the Companies include the 2017 Tax Reform Act and tariffs imposed on imported solar panels by the U.S. government in 2018. 

The 

2017 Tax Reform Act
 could have a material impact on our operations, cash flows, and financial results.
Reductions in the estimated annual cost-of-service effect (commonly referred to as the 
gross-up factor) due to the reduction in the corporate income tax rates to 21% under the provisions of the 2017 Tax
Reform Act could result in amounts currently collected from utility customers to be refundable to such customers, generally through reductions in rates. In addition, the Companies’ regulators may require the reduction in accumulated deferred
income tax balances under the provisions of the 2017 Tax Reform Act to be shared with customers, generally through reductions in future rates. The 2017 Tax Reform Act includes provisions that stipulate how these excess deferred taxes may be passed
back to customers for certain accelerated tax depreciation benefits. Potential refunds of other deferred taxes may be determined by our federal and state regulators. 

The 

2017 Tax Reform Act
 could have a material impact on Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Gas’
FERC-regulated
 gas
 operations including rates charged to customers. In light of the reduction in the income tax rate in the 2017 Tax Reform Act, our FERC-regulated gas subsidiaries are subject to an increased risk of FERC
initiating industry-wide proceedings under Section 5 of the Natural Gas Act to have interstate pipelines substantiate rates charged for transportation and storage of natural gas in interstate commerce, when viewed holistically, are “just
and reasonable” taking into account the effects of tax reform and all other drivers. It is unclear if FERC will mandate a 
one-time rate reset or Section 5 rate case for Dominion Energy and Dominion

Energy Gas’ regulated subsidiaries; however, states as well as customers have petitioned FERC to request changes in rates as a result of tax reform. 

The interpretation of provisions of the 2017 Tax Reform Act that take effect in 2018 may significantly impact our operations. The 2017
Tax Reform Act contains provisions that limit the deductibility of interest expense. The new provision generally limits the interest deduction on business interest to (1) business interest income, plus (2) 30 percent of the taxpayer’s
adjusted taxable income. Business interest and business interest income is defined as that allocable to a trade or business and not investment interest and income. Regulated public utilities are not subject to this interest limitation; however
Dominion Energy is a consolidated group with both regulated and merchant lines of businesses. The U.S. Department of Treasury has been tasked with providing guidance on applying the interest limitation to consolidated groups, such as Dominion
Energy, but it is unclear when that guidance may be issued, or whether that guidance could result in a disallowance of a portion of our interest deductions in the future. 

Dominion Energy and Virginia Power’s generation business may be negatively affected by possible FERC actions that could 
change
market design in the wholesale markets or affect pricing 
rules or revenue calculations in the RTO markets. Dominion Energy and Virginia Power’s generation stations operating in RTO markets sell capacity, energy and ancillary services
into wholesale electricity markets regulated by FERC. The wholesale markets allow these generation stations to take advantage of market price opportunities, but also expose them to market risk. Properly functioning competitive wholesale markets
depend upon FERC’s continuation of clearly identified market rules. From time to time FERC may investigate and authorize RTOs to make changes in market design. FERC also periodically reviews Dominion Energy’s authority to sell at
market-based rates. Material changes by FERC to the design of the wholesale markets or its interpretation of market rules, Dominion Energy or Virginia Power’s authority to sell power at market-based rates, or changes to pricing rules or rules
involving revenue calculations, could adversely impact the future results of Dominion Energy or Virginia Power’s generation business. For example, in July 2015, FERC approved changes to PJM’s Reliability Pricing Model capacity market
establishing a new Capacity Performance Resource product. This product offers the potential for higher capacity prices but can also impose significant economic penalties on generator owners such as Virginia Power for failure to perform during
periods when electricity is in high demand. In addition, there have been changes to the interpretation and application of FERC’s market manipulation rules. A failure to comply with these rules could lead to civil and criminal penalties.

The Companies’ infrastructure build and expansion plans often require regulatory approval before construction can commence. The
Companies may not complete facility construction, pipeline, conversion or other infrastructure projects that they commence, or they may complete projects on materially different terms or timing than initially anticipated, and they 
may not be
able to achieve the intended benefits of any such project, if completed. Several facility construction, pipeline, electric transmission line, expansion, conversion and other infrastructure projects have been announced and additional projects

28

Table of Contents

may be considered in the future. The Companies compete for projects with companies of varying size and financial capabilities, including some that may have competitive advantages. Commencing
construction on announced and future projects may require approvals from applicable state and federal agencies, and such approvals could include mitigation costs which may be material to the Companies. Projects may not be able to be completed on
time as a result of weather conditions, delays in obtaining or failure to obtain regulatory approvals, delays in obtaining key materials, labor difficulties, difficulties with partners or potential partners, a decline in the credit strength of
counterparties or vendors, or other factors beyond the Companies’ control. Even if facility construction, pipeline, expansion, electric transmission line, conversion and other infrastructure projects are completed, the total costs of the
projects may be higher than anticipated and the performance of the business of the Companies following completion of the projects may not meet expectations. Start-up and operational issues can arise in
connection with the commencement of commercial operations at our facilities, including but not limited to commencement of commercial operations at our power generation facilities following expansions and the Liquefaction Project. Such issues
may include failure to meet specific operating parameters, which may require adjustments to meet or amend these operating parameters. Additionally, the Companies may not be able to timely and effectively integrate the projects into their operations
and such integration may result in unforeseen operating difficulties or unanticipated costs. Further, regulators may disallow recovery of some of the costs of a project if they are deemed not to be prudently incurred. Any of these or other factors
could adversely affect the Companies’ ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the facility construction, pipeline, electric transmission line, expansion, conversion and other infrastructure projects. 

The development, construction and commissioning of several large-scale infrastructure projects simultaneously involves significant
execution risk. The Companies are currently simultaneously developing, constructing or commissioning several major projects, including the Liquefaction Project, the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project, the Supply Header project, Greensville County
and multiple DETI projects, which together help contribute to the over $25 billion in capital expenditures planned by the Companies through 2022. Several of the Companies’ key projects are increasingly large-scale, complex and being
constructed in constrained geographic areas or in difficult terrain, for example, the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project. The advancement of the Companies’ ventures is also affected by the interventions, litigation or other activities of
stakeholder and advocacy groups, some of which oppose natural 
gas-related and energy infrastructure projects. For example, certain landowners and stakeholder groups oppose the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project,
which could impede construction activities or the acquisition of 
rights-of-way
 and other land rights on a timely basis or on acceptable terms. Given that these projects
provide the foundation for the Companies’ strategic growth plan, if the Companies are unable to obtain or maintain the required approvals, develop the necessary technical expertise, allocate and coordinate sufficient resources, adhere to
budgets and timelines, effectively handle public outreach efforts, or otherwise fail to successfully execute the projects, there could be an adverse impact to the Companies’

financial position, results of operations and cash flows. For example, while Dominion Energy has received the required approvals to commence construction of the Liquefaction Project from the DOE,
all DOE export licenses are subject to review and possible withdrawal should the DOE conclude that such export authorization is no longer in the public interest. Failure to comply with regulatory approval conditions or an adverse ruling in any
future litigation could adversely affect the Companies’ ability to execute their business plan. 
The Companies are dependent on their
contractors for the successful and timely completion of large-scale infrastructure projects. The construction of such projects is expected to take several years, is typically confined within a limited geographic area or difficult terrain and could
be subject to delays, cost overruns, labor disputes and other factors that could cause the total cost of the project to exceed the anticipated amount and adversely affect the Companies’ financial performance and/or impair the Companies’
ability to execute the business plan for the project as scheduled. 
Further, an inability to obtain financing or otherwise provide
liquidity for the projects on acceptable terms could negatively affect the Companies’ financial condition, cash flows, the projects’ anticipated financial results and/or impair the Companies’ ability to execute the business plan for
the projects as scheduled. 
The Companies’ operations and construction activities are subject to a number of environmental laws
and regulations which impose significant compliance costs to the Companies. The Companies’ operations and construction activities are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to
air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources, and health and safety. Compliance with these legal requirements requires the Companies to commit significant capital toward permitting, emission fees, environmental monitoring,
installation and operation of environmental control equipment and purchase of allowances and/or offsets. Additionally, the Companies could be responsible for expenses relating to remediation and containment obligations, including at sites where they
have been identified by a regulatory agency as a potentially responsible party. Expenditures relating to environmental compliance have been significant in the past, and the Companies expect that they will remain significant in the future. Certain
facilities have become uneconomical to operate and have been shut down, converted to new fuel types or sold. These types of events could occur again in the future. 

We expect that existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised and/or new laws may be adopted including regulation of GHG emissions
which could have an impact on the Companies’ business. Risks relating to expected regulation of GHG emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired electric generating units are discussed below. In addition, further regulation of air quality and GHG
emissions under the CAA have been imposed on the natural gas sector, including rules to limit methane leakage. The Companies are also subject to federal water and waste regulations, including regulations concerning cooling water intake structures,
coal combustion by-product handling and disposal practices, wastewater discharges from steam electric generating stations, management and disposal of hydraulic fracturing fluids and the potential further
regulation of polychlorinated biphenyls. 

29

Table of Contents

 Compliance costs cannot be estimated with certainty due to the inability to predict the
requirements and timing of implementation of any new environmental rules or regulations. Other factors which affect the ability to predict future environmental expenditures with certainty include the difficulty in estimating clean-up costs and quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several liabilities on all responsible parties. However, such expenditures, if material, could make the Companies’
facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect the Companies’ results of operations, financial performance or liquidity. 

Any additional federal and/or state requirements imposed on energy companies mandating limitations on GHG emissions or requiring efficiency
improvements may result in compliance 
costs that alone or in combination could make some of the Companies’ electric generation units or natural gas facilities uneconomical to maintain or operate. The Clean Power Plan, targeted at
reducing CO
2 emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired power generation facilities, has been stayed and is being reviewed by the EPA. Compliance with a replacement rule for the Clean Power
Plan, or similar regulations, are expected to require increasing the energy efficiency of equipment at facilities, committing significant capital toward carbon reduction programs, purchase of allowances and/or emission rate credits, fuel switching,
and/or retirement of high-emitting generation facilities and potential replacement with lower emitting generation facilities. In the absence of federal legislation, states are also contemplating regulations regarding GHG emissions. For example, the
Virginia General Assembly has considered legislation which would authorize the state to directly join the RGGI program as a full participant. Given these developments and uncertainties, Dominion Energy and Virginia Power cannot estimate the
aggregate effect of such requirements on their results of operations, financial condition or their customers. However, such expenditures, if material, could make Dominion Energy’s and Virginia Power’s generation facilities uneconomical to
operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect Dominion Energy’s or Virginia Power’s results of operations, financial performance or liquidity. 

There are also potential impacts on Dominion Energy’s and Dominion Energy Gas’ natural gas businesses as federal or state GHG
regulations may require GHG emission reductions from the natural gas sector which, in addition to resulting in increased costs, could affect demand for natural gas. Additionally, GHG requirements could result in increased demand for energy
conservation and renewable products, which could impact the natural gas businesses. 
Virginia Power is subject to risks associated with
the disposal and storage of coal ash. Virginia Power historically produced and continues to produce coal ash, or CCRs, as a 
by-product of its coal-fired generation operations. The ash is stored and managed
in impoundments (ash ponds) and landfills located at eight different facilities. 

Virginia Power is facing litigation regarding alleged
CWA violations at Chesapeake power station, and may face litigation concerning its coal ash facilities at other stations. Depending on the final outcome of any such litigation, Virginia Power could incur expenses and other costs, including costs
associated with

closing, corrective action and ongoing monitoring of certain ash ponds. In addition, the EPA has issued regulations concerning the management and storage of CCRs, which Virginia has adopted.
These CCR regulations require Virginia Power to make additional capital expenditures and increase its operating and maintenance expenses. 

Further, while Virginia Power operates its ash ponds and landfills in compliance with applicable state safety regulations, a release of coal
ash with a significant environmental impact, such as the Dan River ash basin release by a neighboring utility, could result in remediation costs, civil and/or criminal penalties, claims, litigation, increased regulation and compliance costs, and
reputational damage, and could impact the financial condition of Virginia Power. 
The Companies’ operations are subject to
operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions and personnel issues which could negatively affect the Companies. Operation of the Companies’ facilities involves risk, including the risk of potential breakdown or failure
of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure, fuel supply, pipeline integrity or transportation disruptions, accidents, labor disputes or work stoppages by employees, acts of terrorism or sabotage, construction delays or cost overruns,
shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material and labor, operational restrictions resulting from environmental limitations and governmental interventions, and performance below expected levels. The Companies’ businesses are dependent
upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. Because the Companies’ transmission facilities, pipelines and other facilities
are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of their facilities and pipelines could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties. 

Operation of the Companies’ facilities below expected capacity levels could result in lost revenues and increased expenses, including
higher maintenance costs. Unplanned outages of the Companies’ facilities and extensions of scheduled outages due to mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the Companies’ business.
Unplanned outages typically increase the Companies’ operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce their revenues as a result of selling less output or may require the Companies to incur significant costs as a result of operating higher cost
units or obtaining replacement output from third parties in the open market to satisfy forward energy and capacity or other contractual obligations. Moreover, if the Companies are unable to perform their contractual obligations, penalties or
liability for damages could result. 
In addition, there are many risks associated with the Companies’ operations and the
transportation, storage and processing of natural gas and NGLs, including nuclear accidents, fires, explosions, uncontrolled release of natural gas and other environmental hazards, pole strikes, electric contact cases, the collision of third party
equipment with pipelines and avian and other wildlife impacts. Such incidents could result in loss of human life or injuries among employees, customers or the public in general, environmental pollution, damage or destruction of facilities or
business interruptions and associated public or 

30

Table of Contents

employee safety impacts, loss of revenues, increased liabilities, heightened regulatory scrutiny and reputational risk. Further, the location of pipelines and storage facilities, or generation,
transmission, substations and distribution facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks. 

Dominion Energy and Virginia Power have substantial ownership interests in and operate nuclear generating units; as a result, each may
incur substantial costs and liabilities. Dominion Energy’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear facilities are subject to operational, environmental, health and financial risks such as the 
on-site
storage of spent nuclear fuel, the ability to dispose of such spent nuclear fuel, the ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance available, potential operational liabilities and
extended outages, the costs of replacement power, the costs of maintenance and the costs of securing the facilities against possible terrorist attacks. Dominion Energy and Virginia Power maintain decommissioning trusts and external insurance
coverage to minimize the financial exposure to these risks; however, it is possible that future decommissioning costs could exceed amounts in the decommissioning trusts and/or damages could exceed the amount of insurance coverage. If Dominion
Energy’s and Virginia Power’s decommissioning trust funds are insufficient, and they are not allowed to recover the additional costs incurred through insurance, or in the case of Virginia Power through regulatory mechanisms, their results
of operations could be negatively impacted. 

Dominion Energy’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear facilities are also subject to
complex government regulation which could negatively impact their results of operations. The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generating facilities. In the
event of noncompliance, the NRC has the authority to impose fines, set license conditions, shut down a nuclear unit, or take some combination of these actions, depending on its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is
achieved. Revised safety requirements promulgated by the NRC could require Dominion Energy and Virginia Power to make substantial expenditures at their nuclear plants. In addition, although the Companies have no reason to anticipate a serious
nuclear incident at their plants, if an incident did occur, it could materially and adversely affect their results of operations and/or financial condition. A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world, such as the nuclear events in
Japan in 2011, could cause the NRC to adopt increased safety regulations or otherwise limit or restrict the operation or licensing of domestic nuclear units. 

Sustained declines in natural gas and NGL prices have resulted in, and could result in further, curtailments of third-party producers’
drilling programs, delaying the production of volumes of natural gas and NGLs that Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Gas gather, process, and transport and reducing the value of NGLs retained by Dominion Energy Gas, which may adversely affect
Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Gas’ revenues and earnings. Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Gas obtain their supply of natural gas and NGLs from numerous third-party producers. Most producers are under no obligation to deliver a
specific quantity of natural gas or

NGLs to Dominion Energy’s and Dominion Energy Gas’ facilities. A number of other factors could reduce the volumes of natural gas and NGLs available to Dominion Energy’s and
Dominion Energy Gas’ pipelines and other assets. Increased regulation of energy extraction activities could result in reductions in drilling for new natural gas wells, which could decrease the volumes of natural gas supplied to Dominion Energy
and Dominion Energy Gas. Producers with direct commodity price exposure face liquidity constraints, which could present a credit risk to Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Gas. Producers could shift their production activities to regions outside
Dominion Energy’s and Dominion Energy Gas’ footprint. In addition, the extent of natural gas reserves and the rate of production from such reserves may be less than anticipated. If producers were to decrease the supply of natural gas or
NGLs to Dominion Energy’s and Dominion Energy Gas’ systems and facilities for any reason, Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Gas could experience lower revenues to the extent they are unable to replace the lost volumes on similar terms.
In addition, Dominion Energy Gas’ revenue from processing and fractionation operations largely results from the sale of commodities at market prices. Dominion Energy Gas receives the wet gas product from producers and may retain the
extracted NGLs as compensation for its services. This exposes Dominion Energy Gas to commodity price risk for the value of the spread between the NGL products and natural gas, and relative changes in these prices could adversely impact Dominion
Energy Gas’ results. 
Dominion Energy’s merchant power business operates in a challenging market, which could adversely
affect its results of operations 
and future growth. The success of Dominion Energy’s merchant power business depends upon favorable market conditions including the ability to sell power at prices sufficient to cover its operating
costs. Dominion Energy operates in active wholesale markets that expose it to price volatility for electricity and fuel as well as the credit risk of counterparties. Dominion Energy attempts to manage its price risk by entering into hedging
transactions, including short-term and long-term fixed price sales and purchase contracts. 

In these wholesale markets, the spot market
price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. In many cases, the next unit of electricity supplied would be provided by generating stations that
consume fossil fuels, primarily natural gas. Consequently, the open market wholesale price for electricity generally reflects the cost of natural gas plus the cost to convert the fuel to electricity. Therefore, changes in the price of natural gas
generally affect the open market wholesale price of electricity. To the extent Dominion Energy does not enter into long-term power purchase agreements or otherwise effectively hedge its output, these changes in market prices could adversely affect
its financial results. 
Dominion Energy purchases fuel under a variety of terms, including long-term and short-term contracts and spot
market purchases. Dominion Energy is exposed to fuel cost volatility for the portion of its fuel obtained through short-term contracts or on the spot market, including as a result of market supply shortages. Fuel prices can be volatile and the price
that can be obtained for power produced from such fuel may not change at the same rate as fuel costs, thus adversely impacting Dominion Energy’s financial results.

31

Table of Contents

 In addition, in the event that any of the merchant generation facilities experience a forced
outage, Dominion Energy may not receive the level of revenue it anticipated. 
The Companies’ financial results can be adversely
affected by various factors driving supply and demand for electricity and gas and 
related services. Technological advances required by federal laws mandate new levels of energy efficiency in 
end-use
devices, including lighting, furnaces and electric heat pumps and could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption. Additionally, certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering requirements and/or incentives to
reduce energy consumption by a fixed date. Further, Virginia Power’s business model is premised upon the cost efficiency of the production, transmission and distribution of large-scale centralized utility generation. However, advances in
distributed generation technologies, such as solar cells, gas microturbines and fuel cells, may make these alternative generation methods competitive with large-scale utility generation, and change how customers acquire or use our services. Virginia
Power has an exclusive franchise to serve retail electric customers in Virginia. However, Virginia’s Retail Access Statutes allow certain Power Generation customers exceptions to this franchise. As market conditions change, Virginia
Power’s customers may further pursue exceptions and Virginia Power’s exclusive franchise may erode. 

Reduced energy demand or
significantly slowed growth in demand due to customer adoption of energy efficient technology, conservation, distributed generation, regional economic conditions, or the impact of additional compliance obligations, unless substantially offset
through regulatory cost allocations, could adversely impact the value of the Companies’ business activities. 
Dominion Energy Gas has
experienced a decline in demand for certain of its processing services due to competing facilities operating in nearby areas. 
Dominion
Energy and Dominion Energy Gas may not be able to maintain, renew or replace their existing portfolio of customer contracts successfully, 
or on favorable terms. Upon contract expiration, customers may not elect to 
re-contract with Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Gas as a result of a variety of factors, including the amount of competition in the industry, changes in the price of natural gas, their level of satisfaction
with Dominion Energy’s and Dominion Energy Gas’ services, the extent to which Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Gas are able to successfully execute their business plans and the effect of the regulatory framework on customer demand. The
failure to replace any such customer contracts on similar terms could result in a loss of revenue for Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Gas and related decreases in their earnings and cash flows. 

Certain of Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Gas’ gas pipeline services are subject to long-term, fixed-price “negotiated
rate” contracts that are not subject to adjustment, even if the cost to 
perform such services exceeds the revenues received from such contracts. Under FERC policy, a regulated service provider and a customer may mutually agree to
sign a contract for service at a “negotiated rate” which may be above or below the FERC regulated, cost-based recourse rate for that service. These “negotiated rate” contracts are not generally subject to adjustment for increased
costs which could be produced by inflation or other factors relating to the specific facilities being

used to perform the services. Any shortfall of revenue as a result of these “negotiated rate” contracts could decrease Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Gas’ earnings and cash
flows. 
Exposure to counterparty performance may adversely affect the Companies’ financial results of operations. The
Companies are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations, including but not limited to payment for services. Some of Dominion
Energy’s operations are conducted through less than wholly-owned subsidiaries. In such arrangements, Dominion Energy is dependent on third parties to fund their required share of capital expenditures. Counterparties could fail or delay the
performance of their contractual obligations for a number of reasons, including the effect of regulations on their operations. Defaults or failure to perform by customers, suppliers, contractors, joint venture partners, financial institutions or
other third parties may adversely affect the Companies’ financial results. 

Dominion Energy will also be exposed to counterparty
credit risk relating to the terminal services agreements for the Liquefaction Project. While the counterparties’ obligations are supported by parental guarantees and letters of credit, there is no assurance that such credit support would be
sufficient to satisfy the obligations in the event of a counterparty default. In addition, if a controversy arises under either agreement resulting in a judgment in Dominion Energy’s favor, Dominion Energy may need to seek to enforce a final
U.S. court judgment in a foreign tribunal, which could involve a lengthy process. 
Market performance and other changes may decrease
the value of Dominion Energy
’
s and Virginia Power
’
s decommissioning trust funds and Dominion Energy
’
s and Dominion Energy Gas
’
 benefit plan assets or increase Dominion
Energy
’
s and Dominion Energy Gas
’
 liabilities, which could then require significant additional funding. The performance of the capital markets affects the value of the assets that are held in trusts to
satisfy future obligations to decommission Dominion Energy’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear plants and under Dominion Energy’s and Dominion Energy Gas’ pension and other postretirement benefit plans. The Companies have significant
obligations in these areas and hold significant assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuation and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below expected return rates. 

With respect to decommissioning trust funds, a decline in the market value of these assets may increase the funding requirements of the
obligations to decommission Dominion Energy’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear plants or require additional NRC-approved funding assurance. 

A decline in the market value of the assets held in trusts to satisfy future obligations under Dominion Energy’s and Dominion Energy
Gas’ pension and other postretirement benefit plans may increase the funding requirements under such plans. Additionally, changes in interest rates will affect the liabilities under Dominion Energy’s and Dominion Energy Gas’ pension
and other postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in mortality assumptions,
may also increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension and other postretirement benefit plans. 

32

Table of Contents

 If the decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets are negatively impacted by market
fluctuations or other factors, the Companies’ results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows could be negatively affected. 

The use of derivative instruments could result in financial losses and liquidity constraints. The Companies use derivative instruments,
including futures, swaps, forwards, options and FTRs, to manage commodity, currency and financial market risks. In addition, Dominion Energy and Dominion Energy Gas purchase and sell commodity-based contracts for hedging purposes. 

The Dodd-Frank Act was enacted into law in July 2010 in an effort to improve regulation of financial markets. The Dodd-Frank Act includes
provisions that will require certain over-the-counter
 derivatives, or swaps, to be centrally cleared and executed through an exchange or other approved trading platform.

Non-financial entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk, often referred to as end users, can choose to exempt their hedging transactions from these clearing and exchange trading
requirements. Final rules for the 
over-the-counter
 derivative-related provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act will continue to be established through the ongoing rulemaking
process of the applicable regulators, including rules regarding margin requirements for 
non-cleared swaps. If, as a result of changes to the rulemaking process, the Companies’ derivative activities are
not exempted from the clearing, exchange trading or margin requirements, the Companies could be subject to higher costs, including from higher margin requirements, for their derivative activities. In addition, changes to or the elimination of
rulemaking that implements Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Act by the Companies’ counterparties could result in increased costs related to the Companies’ derivative activities. 

Changing rating agency requirements could negatively affect the Companies’ growth and business strategy. In order to maintain
appropriate credit ratings to obtain needed credit at a reasonable cost in light of existing or future rating agency requirements, the Companies may find it necessary to take steps or change their business plans in ways that may adversely affect
their growth and earnings. A reduction in the Companies’ credit ratings could result in an increase in borrowing costs, loss of access to certain markets, or both, thus adversely affecting operating results and could require the Companies to
post additional collateral in connection with some of its price risk management activities. 

An inability to access financial markets
could adversely affect the execution of the Companies’ business plans. The Companies rely on access to short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as significant sources of funding and liquidity for business plans with
increasing capital expenditure needs, normal working capital and collateral requirements related to hedges of future sales and purchases of energy-related commodities. Deterioration in the Companies’ creditworthiness, as evaluated by credit
rating agencies or otherwise, or declines in market reputation either for the Companies or their industry in general, or general financial market disruptions outside of the Companies’ control could increase their cost of borrowing or restrict
their ability to access one or more financial markets. Further market disruptions could stem from delays in the current economic recovery, the bankruptcy of an unrelated company, general market disruption due to general credit market or political
events, or

the failure of financial institutions on which the Companies rely. Increased costs and restrictions on the Companies’ ability to access financial markets may be severe enough to affect their
ability to execute their business plans as scheduled. 
Potential changes in accounting practices may adversely affect the
Companies’ financial results. The Companies cannot predict the impact that future changes in accounting standards or practices may have on public companies in general, the energy industry or their operations specifically. New accounting
standards could be issued that could change the way they record revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. These changes in accounting standards could adversely affect earnings or could increase liabilities. 

War, acts and threats of terrorism, intentional acts and other significant events could adversely affect the Companies’ operations.
The Companies cannot predict the impact that any future terrorist attacks may have on the energy industry in general, or on the Companies’ business in particular. Any retaliatory military strikes or sustained military campaign may affect
the Companies’ operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets. In addition, the Companies’ infrastructure facilities, including projects under construction, could be
direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of terror. For example, a physical attack on a critical substation in California resulted in serious impacts to the power grid. Furthermore, the physical compromise of the Companies’
facilities could adversely affect the Companies’ ability to manage these facilities effectively. Instability in financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, intentional acts, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors could result
in a significant decline in the U.S. economy and increase the cost of insurance coverage. This could negatively impact the Companies’ results of operations and financial condition. 

Hostile cyber intrusions could severely impair the Companies’ operations, lead to the disclosure of confidential 
information,
damage the reputation of the Companies and otherwise have an adverse effect on the Companies’ business. The Companies own assets deemed as critical infrastructure, the operation of which is dependent on information technology systems.
Further, the computer systems that run the Companies’ facilities are not completely isolated from external networks. There appears to be an increasing level of activity, sophistication and maturity of threat actors, in particular nation state
actors, that wish to disrupt the U.S. bulk power system and the U.S. gas transmission or distribution system. Such parties could view the Companies’ computer systems, software or networks as attractive targets for cyber attack. For example,
malware has been designed to target software that runs the nation’s critical infrastructure such as power transmission grids and gas pipelines. In addition, the Companies’ businesses require that they and their vendors collect and maintain
sensitive customer data, as well as confidential employee and shareholder information, which is subject to electronic theft or loss. 

A
successful cyber attack on the systems that control the Companies’ electric generation, electric or gas transmission or distribution assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing the Companies from serving customers or
collecting revenues. The breach of certain business systems could affect the Companies’ ability to correctly record, process and report
finan-

33

Table of Contents

cial information. A major cyber incident could result in significant expenses to investigate and repair security breaches or system damage and could lead to litigation, fines, other remedial
action, heightened regulatory scrutiny and damage to the Companies’ reputation. In addition, the misappropriation, corruption or loss of personally identifiable information and other confidential data could lead to significant breach
notification expenses and mitigation expenses such as credit monitoring. The Companies maintain property and casualty insurance that may cover certain damage caused by potential cyber incidents; however, other damage and claims arising from such
incidents may not be covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance available. For these reasons, a significant cyber incident could materially and adversely affect the Companies’ business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Failure to attract and retain key executive officers and an appropriately qualified workforce could have an adverse effect on the
Companies’ operations. The Companies’ business strategy is dependent on their ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees. The Companies’ key executive officers are the CEO, CFO and presidents and those responsible for
financial, operational, legal, regulatory and accounting functions. Competition for skilled management employees in these areas of the Companies’ business operations is high. Certain events, such as an aging workforce, mismatch of skill set or
complement to future needs, or unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges and increased costs. The challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge base and the length of time required for skill development. In this
case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, may rise. Failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant internal historical knowledge and
expertise to new employees, or future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the ability to manage and operate the Companies’ business. In addition, certain specialized knowledge is required of the Companies’
technical employees for transmission, generation and distribution operations. The Companies’ inability to attract and retain these employees could adversely affect their business and future operating results. 

The completion of the merger with SCANA is subject to the receipt of consents, approvals and/or findings from governmental entities, which
may impose conditions that could have an adverse effect on Dominion Energy or SCANA or could cause either Dominion Energy or SCANA to abandon the merger. The completion of the merger is also subject to there not having been substantive changes in
certain South Carolina laws that have or would reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on SCANA or its subsidiaries or orders of governmental entities or changes in law that impose any condition that would reasonably be expected to result
in specified changes to the South Carolina Commission petition.

Dominion Energy and SCANA are not required to complete the merger until after the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act expires or terminates and
the requisite authorizations, approvals, consents and/or permits are received from the FERC, NRC, South Carolina Commission, North Carolina Commission and Georgia Public Service Commission. Any of the relevant governmental entities may oppose the
merger, fail to approve the

merger, fail to make required findings in favor of the merger, or impose certain requirements or obligations as conditions for their consent, approval or findings or in connection with their
review. Regulatory approvals of the merger or findings with respect to the merger may not be obtained on a timely basis or at all, and such approvals or findings may include conditions that could have an adverse effect on Dominion Energy and/or
SCANA, or result in the abandonment of the merger. Dominion Energy cannot provide any assurance that Dominion Energy and SCANA will obtain the necessary approvals or findings or that any required conditions will not have an adverse effect on
Dominion Energy following the merger. 
Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the merger agreement, the merger agreement may
require Dominion Energy to accept conditions from regulators that could adversely impact Dominion Energy after the merger without either of Dominion Energy or SCANA having the right to refuse to close the merger on the basis of those regulatory
conditions, except that Dominion Energy is generally not required, and SCANA is generally not permitted without Dominion Energy’s prior approval, to take any action or accept any condition that results in a burdensome condition for Dominion
Energy or SCANA as more fully described in the SCANA Merger Agreement. 
In addition, the SCANA Merger Agreement provides that Dominion
Energy (but not SCANA) will have the right to refuse to complete the merger if, since the date of the SCANA Merger Agreement, any governmental entity shall have enacted any order, or there shall have been any change in law (including the Base Load
Review Act and the other laws governing South Carolina public utilities), which imposes any material change to the terms, conditions or undertakings set forth in the South Carolina Commission petition, or any significant changes to the economic
value of the proposed terms set forth in the South Carolina Commission petition, in each case as determined by Dominion Energy in good faith. 

The SCANA Merger Agreement further provides that Dominion Energy will have the right to refuse to close the merger if there shall have
occurred any substantive change in the Base Load Review Act or other laws governing South Carolina public utilities which has or would reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on SCANA or any of its subsidiaries. There is currently pending
before the South Carolina Senate a bill that would make substantive changes to the Base Load Review Act. This bill has passed the South Carolina House of Representatives. If this bill becomes law, Dominion Energy would not be obligated to complete
the merger if it is determined that the bill has or would reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on SCANA or any of its subsidiaries. 

Certain lawsuits and regulatory actions have been filed against SCANA and SCE&G in connection with the abandonment of the V.C. Summer
Units 2 and 3 new nuclear development project. If the relief requested in these matters (including a request for declaratory judgment that the Base Load Review Act is unconstitutional) is granted, Dominion Energy might not be obligated to complete
the merger. 
Dominion Energy and SCANA can provide no assurance that these risks will not materialize and either adversely impact Dominion
Energy after the completion of the merger or, if such conditions rise to the thresholds discussed above, some of which,

34

Table of Contents

as described above, are in the subjective determination of Dominion Energy acting in good faith, or if the required authorizations, approvals, consents and/or permits are not obtained or
received, result in the abandonment of the merger. 
Dominion Energy expects to incur substantial expenses related to the merger with
SCANA.

Dominion Energy expects to incur relatively significant expenses in connection with completing the merger. While Dominion Energy has assumed that a certain level of transaction and integration expenses would be incurred,
there are a number of factors beyond its control that could affect the total amount or the timing of its integration expenses. Many of the expenses that will be incurred, by their nature, are difficult to estimate accurately at the present time.

Following the merger with SCANA, Dominion Energy may be unable to successfully integrate SCANA’s businesses. Dominion Energy
and SCANA currently operate as independent public companies. After the merger, Dominion Energy will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating SCANA’s business. Potential difficulties Dominion Energy may
encounter in the integration process include the following: 

•

The complexities associated with integrating SCANA and its utility businesses, while at the same time continuing to provide consistent, high quality services; 

•

The complexities of integrating a company with different core services, markets and customers; 

•

The inability to attract and retain key employees; 

•

Potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses, delays or regulatory conditions associated with the merger; 

•

Difficulties in managing political and regulatory conditions related to SCANA’s utility businesses after the merger; 

•

The cost recovery plan includes a moratorium on filing requests for adjustments in SCE&G’s base electric rates until 2021 if the merger is approved by the South Carolina Commission, which would limit Dominion
Energy’s ability to recover increases in non-fuel related costs of electric operations for SCE&G’s customers; and 

•

Performance shortfalls as a result of the diversion of Dominion Energy management’s attention caused by completing the merger and integrating SCANA’s utility businesses. 

For these reasons, it is possible that the integration process following the merger could result in the distraction of Dominion Energy’s
management, the disruption of Dominion Energy’s ongoing business or inconsistencies in its services, standards, controls, procedures and policies, any of which could adversely affect the ability of Dominion Energy to maintain or establish
relationships with current and prospective customers, vendors and employees or could otherwise adversely affect the business and financial results of Dominion Energy. 

Dominion Energy and SCANA may be materially adversely affected by negative publicity related to the merger and in connection with other
related matters, including the abandonment of the V.C. Summer Units 2 and 3 new nuclear development project.

From time to time, political and public sentiment in connection with the merger and in connection with other matters,
including the abandonment of the V.C. Summer Units 2 and 3 new nuclear development project may result in a significant

amount of adverse press coverage and other adverse public statements affecting Dominion Energy and SCANA. Adverse press coverage and other adverse statements, whether or not driven by political
or public sentiment, may also result in investigations by regulators, legislators and law enforcement officials or in legal claims. Responding to these investigations and lawsuits, regardless of the ultimate outcome of the proceedings, as well as
responding to and addressing adverse press coverage and other adverse public statements, can divert the time and effort of senior management from the management of Dominion Energy’s and SCANA’s respective businesses. 

Addressing any adverse publicity, governmental scrutiny or enforcement or other legal proceedings is time consuming and expensive and,
regardless of the factual basis for the assertions being made, can have a negative impact on the reputation of Dominion Energy and SCANA, on the morale and performance of their employees and on their relationships with their respective regulators,
customers and commercial counterparties. It may also have a negative impact on their ability to take timely advantage of various business and market opportunities. The direct and indirect effects of negative publicity, and the demands of responding
to and addressing it, may have a material adverse effect on Dominion Energy’s and SCANA’s respective business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The market value of Dominion Energy common stock could decline if large amounts of its common stock are sold following the merger with
SCANA.

Following the merger, shareholders of Dominion Energy and former SCANA shareholders will own interests in a combined company operating an expanded business with more assets and a different mix of liabilities. Current
shareholders of Dominion Energy and SCANA may not wish to continue to invest in the combined company, or may wish to reduce their investment in the combined company, in order to comply with institutional investing guidelines, to increase
diversification or to track any rebalancing of stock indices in which Dominion Energy common stock or SCANA common stock is or was included. If, following the merger, large amounts of Dominion Energy common stock are sold, the price of its common
stock could decline. 

The merger with SCANA may not be accretive to operating earnings and may cause dilution to Dominion Energy’s
earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of Dominion Energy common stock.

Dominion Energy currently anticipates that the merger will be immediately accretive to Dominion Energy’s forecasted operating
earnings per share on a standalone basis. This expectation is based on preliminary estimates, which may materially change. Dominion Energy may encounter additional transaction and integration-related costs, may fail to realize all of the benefits
anticipated in the merger or be subject to other factors that affect preliminary estimates or its ability to realize operational efficiencies. Any of these factors could cause a decrease in Dominion Energy’s operating earnings per share or
decrease or delay the expected accretive effect of the merger and contribute to a decrease in the price of Dominion Energy’s common stock. Dominion Energy expects the initial effect of the merger on its GAAP earnings will be a decrease in such
earnings due to the anticipated charges for refunds to SCE&G customers, write-offs of regulatory assets and transaction costs.

35

Table of Contents

 Litigation against SCANA and Dominion Energy could result in an injunction preventing the
completion of the merger with SCANA or may adversely affect the combined company’s business, financial condition or results of operations following the merger with SCANA.

Following the announcement of the SCANA Merger
Agreement, lawsuits have been filed asserting claims relating to the merger. Among other things, the lawsuits allege breaches of various fiduciary duties by the members of the SCANA board in connection with the merger and allegations that Dominion
Energy and/or SCANA aided and abetted such alleged breaches. Among other remedies, the plaintiffs seek to enjoin the merger, rescind the merger agreement or be awarded monetary damages should the merger be completed. While Dominion Energy believes
that dismissal of these lawsuits is warranted, the outcome of any such litigation is inherently uncertain. The defense or settlement of any lawsuit or any claim that remains unresolved at the time the merger closes may adversely affect the combined
company’s business, financial condition or results of operation. Additionally, other lawsuits may be filed in the future making similar or new claims and seeking similar or new remedies. 

D
ominion Energy has goodwill and other intangible assets on its balance sheet, and these amounts will increase as a result of the
merger with SCANA. If its goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired in the future, Dominion Energy may be required to record a significant, non-cash charge to earnings and reduce its shareholders’ equity. Upon the completion of
the merger, Dominion Energy will record as goodwill the excess of the purchase price paid by Dominion Energy over the fair value of SCANA’s assets and liabilities as determined for financial accounting purposes. Under GAAP, intangible assets
are reviewed for impairment on an annual basis or more frequently whenever events or circumstances indicate that its carrying value may not be recoverable. If Dominion Energy’s intangible assets, including goodwill as a result of the merger,
are determined to be impaired in the future, Dominion Energy may be required to record a significant, non-cash charge to earnings during the period in which the impairment is determined.