The
Companies’ businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond their control. A number of these factors have been identified below. For
other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement or projection contained in this report, see Forward-Looking Statements in Item 7. MD&A. 

The Companies’ results of operations can be affected by changes in the weather. Fluctuations in weather can affect demand for the
Companies’ services. For example, milder than normal weather can reduce demand for electricity and gas transmission and distribution services. In addition, severe weather, including hurricanes, winter storms, earthquakes, floods and other
natural disasters can disrupt operation of the Companies’ facilities and cause service outages, production delays and property damage that require incurring additional expenses. Changes in weather conditions can result in reduced water levels
or changes in water temperatures that could adversely affect operations at some of the Companies’ power stations. Furthermore, the Companies’ operations could be adversely affected and their physical plant placed at greater risk of damage
should changes in global climate produce, among other possible conditions, unusual variations in temperature and weather patterns, resulting in more intense, frequent and extreme weather events, abnormal levels of precipitation and, for operations
located on or near coastlines, a change in sea level or sea temperatures. 

The rates of Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ gas
transmission and distribution operations and Virginia Power’s electric transmission, distribution and generation operations are subject to regulatory review. Revenue provided by Virginia Power’s electric transmission, distribution and
generation operations and Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ gas transmission and

25

Table of Contents

distribution operations is based primarily on rates approved by state and federal regulatory agencies. The profitability of these businesses is dependent on their ability, through the rates that
they are permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on their capital investment. 
Virginia Power’s
wholesale rates for electric transmission service are updated on an annual basis through operation of a FERC-approved formula rate mechanism. Through this mechanism, Virginia Power’s wholesale rates for electric transmission reflect the
estimated cost-of-service for each calendar year. The difference in the estimated cost-of-service and actual cost-of-service for each calendar year is included as an adjustment to the wholesale rates for electric transmission service in a subsequent
calendar year. These wholesale rates are subject to FERC review and prospective adjustment in the event that customers and/or interested state commissions file a complaint with FERC and are able to demonstrate that Virginia Power’s wholesale
revenue requirement is no longer just and reasonable. They are also subject to retroactive corrections to the extent that the formula rate was not properly populated with the actual costs. 

Similarly, various rates and charges assessed by Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ gas transmission businesses are subject to review by
FERC. In addition, the rates of Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ gas distribution businesses are subject to state regulatory review in the jurisdictions in which they operate. A failure by us to support these rates could result in rate
decreases from current rate levels, which could adversely affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 
Virginia
Power’s base rates, terms and conditions for generation and distribution services to customers in Virginia are reviewed by the Virginia Commission on a biennial basis in a proceeding that involves the determination of Virginia Power’s
actual earned ROE during a combined two-year historic test period, and the determination of Virginia Power’s authorized ROE prospectively. Under certain circumstances described in the Regulation Act,
Virginia Power may be required to share a portion of its earnings with customers through a refund process. 

Legislation signed by the
Virginia Governor in February 2015 suspends biennial reviews for the five successive 12-month test periods beginning January 1, 2015 and ending December 31, 2019, and no changes will be made to
Virginia Power’s existing base rates until at least December 1, 2022. During this period, Virginia Power bears the risk of any severe weather events and natural disasters, the risk of asset impairments related to the early retirement of
any generation facilities due to the implementation of the Clean Power Plan regulations, as well as an increase in general operating and financing costs, and Virginia Power may not recover its associated costs through increases to base rates. If
Virginia Power incurs any such significant additional expenses during this period, Virginia Power may not be able to recover its costs and/or earn a reasonable return on capital investment, which could negatively affect Virginia Power’s future
earnings. 

Virginia Power’s retail electric base rates for bundled generation, transmission, and distribution services to customers
in North Carolina are regulated on a cost-of-service/rate-of-return

 basis subject to
North Carolina statutes, and the rules and procedures of the North Carolina Commission. If retail electric earnings exceed the returns established by the North Carolina Commission, retail electric rates may be subject to review and possible
reduction by the North Carolina Commission, which

may decrease Virginia Power’s future earnings. Additionally, if the North Carolina Commission does not allow recovery through base rates, on a timely basis, of costs incurred in providing
service, Virginia Power’s future earnings could be negatively impacted. 
Governmental officials, stakeholders and advocacy groups may
challenge these regulatory reviews. Such challenges may lengthen the time, complexity and costs associated with such regulatory reviews. 

The Companies are subject to complex governmental regulation, including tax regulation, that could adversely affect their results of
operations and subject the Companies to monetary penalties. The Companies’ operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation and require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies.
Such laws and regulations govern the terms and conditions of the services we offer, our relationships with affiliates, protection of our critical electric infrastructure assets and pipeline safety, among other matters. These operations are also
subject to legislation governing taxation at the federal, state and local level. They must also comply with environmental legislation and associated regulations. Management believes that the necessary approvals have been obtained for existing
operations and that the business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws. The Companies’ businesses are subject to regulatory regimes which could result in substantial monetary penalties if any of the Companies is found not to be in
compliance, including mandatory reliability standards and interaction in the wholesale markets. New laws or regulations, the revision or reinterpretation of existing laws or regulations, changes in enforcement practices of regulators, or penalties
imposed for 
non-compliance with existing laws or regulations may result in substantial additional expense. 

Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s generation business may be negatively affected by possible FERC actions that could 
change
market design in the wholesale markets or affect pricing 
rules or revenue calculations in the RTO markets. Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s generation stations operating in RTO markets sell capacity, energy and ancillary services
into wholesale electricity markets regulated by FERC. The wholesale markets allow these generation stations to take advantage of market price opportunities, but also expose them to market risk. Properly functioning competitive wholesale markets
depend upon FERC’s continuation of clearly identified market rules. From time to time FERC may investigate and authorize RTOs to make changes in market design. FERC also periodically reviews Dominion’s authority to sell at market-based
rates. Material changes by FERC to the design of the wholesale markets or its interpretation of market rules, Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s authority to sell power at market-based rates, or changes to pricing rules or rules involving
revenue calculations, could adversely impact the future results of Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s generation business. For example, in July 2015, FERC approved changes to PJM’s Reliability Pricing Model capacity market establishing a
new Capacity Performance Resource product. This product offers the potential for higher capacity prices but can also impose significant economic penalties on generator owners such as Virginia Power for failure to perform during periods when
electricity is in high demand. In addition, there have been changes to the interpretation and application of FERC’s market manipulation rules. A failure to comply with these rules could lead to civil and criminal penalties.

26

Table of Contents

 The Companies’ infrastructure build and expansion plans often require regulatory
approval before construction can commence. The Companies may not complete facility construction, pipeline, conversion or other infrastructure projects that they commence, or they may complete projects on materially different terms or timing than
initially anticipated, and they 
may not be able to achieve the intended benefits of any such project, if completed. Several facility construction, pipeline, electric transmission line, expansion, conversion and other infrastructure
projects have been announced and additional projects may be considered in the future. The Companies compete for projects with companies of varying size and financial capabilities, including some that may have competitive advantages. Commencing
construction on announced and future projects may require approvals from applicable state and federal agencies, and such approvals could include mitigation costs which may be material to the Companies. Projects may not be able to be completed on
time as a result of weather conditions, delays in obtaining or failure to obtain regulatory approvals, delays in obtaining key materials, labor difficulties, difficulties with partners or potential partners, a decline in the credit strength of
counterparties or vendors, or other factors beyond the Companies’ control. Even if facility construction, pipeline, expansion, electric transmission line, conversion and other infrastructure projects are completed, the total costs of the
projects may be higher than anticipated and the performance of the business of the Companies following completion of the projects may not meet expectations. 
Start-up and operational issues can arise in
connection with the commencement of commercial operations at our facilities, including but not limited to commencement of commercial operations at our power generation facilities following expansions and fuel type conversions to natural gas and
biomass. Such issues may include failure to meet specific operating parameters, which may require adjustments to meet or amend these operating parameters. Additionally, the Companies may not be able to timely and effectively integrate the
projects into their operations and such integration may result in unforeseen operating difficulties or unanticipated costs. Further, regulators may disallow recovery of some of the costs of a project if they are deemed not to be prudently incurred.
Any of these or other factors could adversely affect the Companies’ ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the facility construction, pipeline, electric transmission line, expansion, conversion and other infrastructure projects. 

The development and construction of several large-scale infrastructure projects simultaneously involves significant execution risk. The
Companies are currently simultaneously developing or constructing several major projects, including the Liquefaction Project, the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project, the Supply Header project, Greensville County and multiple DTI projects, which
together help contribute to the over $24 billion in capital expenditures planned by the Companies through 2021. Several of the Companies’ key projects are increasingly large-scale, complex and being constructed in constrained geographic
areas (for example, the Liquefaction Project) or in difficult terrain (for example, the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project). The advancement of the Companies’ ventures is also affected by the interventions, litigation or other activities of
stakeholder and advocacy groups, some of which oppose natural 
gas-related and energy infrastructure projects. For example, certain landowners and
stake-

holder groups oppose the Atlantic Coast Pipeline Project, which could impede the acquisition of rights-of-way
 and
other land rights on a timely basis or on acceptable terms. Given that these projects provide the foundation for the Companies’ strategic growth plan, if the Companies are unable to obtain or maintain the required approvals, develop the
necessary technical expertise, allocate and coordinate sufficient resources, adhere to budgets and timelines, effectively handle public outreach efforts, or otherwise fail to successfully execute the projects, there could be an adverse impact to the
Companies’ financial position, results of operations and cash flows. For example, while Dominion has received the required approvals to commence construction of the Liquefaction Project from the DOE, all DOE export licenses are subject to
review and possible withdrawal should the DOE conclude that such export authorization is no longer in the public interest. Failure to comply with regulatory approval conditions or an adverse ruling in any future litigation could adversely affect the
Companies’ ability to execute their business plan. 

The Companies are dependent on their contractors for the successful and timely
completion of large-scale infrastructure projects. The construction of such projects is expected to take several years, is typically confined within a limited geographic area or difficult terrain and could be subject to delays, cost overruns, labor
disputes and other factors that could cause the total cost of the project to exceed the anticipated amount and adversely affect the Companies’ financial performance and/or impair the Companies’ ability to execute the business plan for the
project as scheduled. 
Further, an inability to obtain financing or otherwise provide liquidity for the projects on acceptable terms could
negatively affect the Companies’ financial condition, cash flows, the projects’ anticipated financial results and/or impair the Companies’ ability to execute the business plan for the projects as scheduled. 

Any additional federal and/or state requirements imposed on energy companies mandating limitations on GHG emissions or requiring efficiency
improvements may result in compliance 
costs that alone or in combination could make some of the Companies’ electric generation units or natural gas facilities uneconomical to maintain or operate. The Clean Power Plan is targeted at
reducing CO
2 emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired power generation facilities. 

Compliance with the Clean Power Plan may require increasing the energy efficiency of equipment at facilities, committing significant capital
toward carbon reduction programs, purchase of allowances and/or emission rate credits, fuel switching, and/or retirement of high-emitting generation facilities and potential replacement with lower emitting generation facilities. The Clean Power Plan
uses a set of measures for reducing emissions from existing sources that includes efficiency improvements at coal plants, displacing coal-fired generation with increased utilization of natural gas combined cycle units, and expanding renewable
resources. Compliance with the Clean Power Plan’s anticipated implementing regulations may require Virginia Power to prematurely retire certain generating facilities, with the potential lack or delay of cost recovery and higher electric rates,
which could affect consumer demand. The cost of compliance with the Clean Power Plan is subject to significant uncertainties due to the outcome of several interrelated assumptions and variables, including timing of the implementation of rules,
required levels of reduc-

27

Table of Contents

tions, allocation requirements of the new rules, the maturation and commercialization of carbon controls and/or reduction programs, and the selected compliance alternatives. Dominion and Virginia
Power cannot estimate the aggregate effect of such requirements on their results of operations, financial condition or their customers. However, such expenditures, if material, could make Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s generation
facilities uneconomical to operate, result in the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect Dominion’s or Virginia Power’s results of operations, financial performance or liquidity. 

There are also potential impacts on Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ natural gas businesses as federal or state GHG regulations may
require GHG emission reductions from the natural gas sector which, in addition to resulting in increased costs, could affect demand for natural gas. Additionally, GHG requirements could result in increased demand for energy conservation and
renewable products, which could impact the natural gas businesses. 
The Companies’ operations are subject to a number of
environmental laws and regulations which impose significant compliance costs to the Companies. The Companies’ operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air
quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources, and health and safety. Compliance with these legal requirements requires the Companies to commit significant capital toward permitting, emission fees, environmental monitoring,
installation and operation of environmental control equipment and purchase of allowances and/or offsets. Additionally, the Companies could be responsible for expenses relating to remediation and containment obligations, including at sites where they
have been identified by a regulatory agency as a potentially responsible party. Expenditures relating to environmental compliance have been significant in the past, and the Companies expect that they will remain significant in the future. Certain
facilities have become uneconomical to operate and have been shut down, converted to new fuel types or sold. These types of events could occur again in the future. 

We expect that existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised and/or new laws may be adopted or become applicable, including
regulation of GHG emissions which could have an impact on the Companies’ business. Risks relating to expected regulation of GHG emissions from existing fossil fuel-fired electric generating units are discussed above. In addition, further
regulation of air quality and GHG emissions under the CAA will be imposed on the natural gas sector, including rules to limit methane leakage. The Companies are also subject to recently finalized federal water and waste regulations, including
regulations concerning cooling water intake structures, coal combustion by-product handling and disposal practices, wastewater discharges from steam electric generating stations, management and disposal of
hydraulic fracturing fluids and the potential further regulation of polychlorinated biphenyls. 

Compliance costs cannot be estimated with
certainty due to the inability to predict the requirements and timing of implementation of any new environmental rules or regulations. Other factors which affect the ability to predict future environmental expenditures with certainty include the
difficulty in estimating clean-up costs and quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several liability on all responsible parties. However, such expenditures, if material, could
make the Companies’ facilities uneconomical to operate, result in

the impairment of assets, or otherwise adversely affect the Companies’ results of operations, financial performance or liquidity. 

Virginia Power is subject to risks associated with the disposal and storage of coal ash. Virginia Power historically produced and
continues to produce coal ash, or CCRs, as a 
by-product of its coal-fired generation operations. The ash is stored and managed in impoundments (ash ponds) and landfills located at eight different facilities.

Virginia Power may face litigation regarding alleged CWA violations at Possum Point power station, and is facing litigation regarding
alleged CWA violations at Chesapeake power station and could incur settlement expenses and other costs, depending on the outcome of any such litigation, including costs associated with closing, corrective action and ongoing monitoring of certain ash
ponds. In addition, the EPA and Virginia recently issued regulations concerning the management and storage of CCRs and West Virginia may impose additional regulations that would apply to the facilities noted above. These regulations would require
Virginia Power to make additional capital expenditures and increase its operating and maintenance expenses. 
Further, while Virginia Power
operates its ash ponds and landfills in compliance with applicable state safety regulations, a release of coal ash with a significant environmental impact, such as the Dan River ash basin release by a neighboring utility, could result in remediation
costs, civil and/or criminal penalties, claims, litigation, increased regulation and compliance costs, and reputational damage, and could impact the financial condition of Virginia Power. 

The Companies’ operations are subject to operational hazards, equipment failures, supply chain disruptions and personnel issues which
could negatively affect the Companies. Operation of the Companies’ facilities involves risk, including the risk of potential breakdown or failure of equipment or processes due to aging infrastructure, fuel supply, pipeline integrity or
transportation disruptions, accidents, labor disputes or work stoppages by employees, acts of terrorism or sabotage, construction delays or cost overruns, shortages of or delays in obtaining equipment, material and labor, operational restrictions
resulting from environmental limitations and governmental interventions, and performance below expected levels. The Companies’ businesses are dependent upon sophisticated information technology systems and network infrastructure, the failure of
which could prevent them from accomplishing critical business functions. Because the Companies’ transmission facilities, pipelines and other facilities are interconnected with those of third parties, the operation of their facilities and
pipelines could be adversely affected by unexpected or uncontrollable events occurring on the systems of such third parties. 

Operation of
the Companies’ facilities below expected capacity levels could result in lost revenues and increased expenses, including higher maintenance costs. Unplanned outages of the Companies’ facilities and extensions of scheduled outages due to
mechanical failures or other problems occur from time to time and are an inherent risk of the Companies’ business. Unplanned outages typically increase the Companies’ operation and maintenance expenses and may reduce their revenues as a
result of selling less output or may require the Companies to incur significant costs as a result of operating higher cost units or obtaining replacement output from third parties in the open

28

Table of Contents

market to satisfy forward energy and capacity or other contractual obligations. Moreover, if the Companies are unable to perform their contractual obligations, penalties or liability for
damages could result. 
In addition, there are many risks associated with the Companies’ operations and the transportation, storage
and processing of natural gas and NGLs, including nuclear accidents, fires, explosions, uncontrolled release of natural gas and other environmental hazards, pole strikes, electric contact cases, the collision of third party equipment with pipelines
and avian and other wildlife impacts. Such incidents could result in loss of human life or injuries among employees, customers or the public in general, environmental pollution, damage or destruction of facilities or business interruptions and
associated public or employee safety impacts, loss of revenues, increased liabilities, heightened regulatory scrutiny and reputational risk. Further, the location of pipelines and storage facilities, or generation, transmission, substations and
distribution facilities near populated areas, including residential areas, commercial business centers and industrial sites, could increase the level of damages resulting from these risks. 

Dominion and Virginia Power have substantial ownership interests in and operate nuclear generating units; as a result, each may incur
substantial costs and liabilities. Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear facilities are subject to operational, environmental, health and financial risks such as the 
on-site storage of spent
nuclear fuel, the ability to dispose of such spent nuclear fuel, the ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning, limitations on the amounts and types of insurance available, potential operational liabilities and extended outages, the
costs of replacement power, the costs of maintenance and the costs of securing the facilities against possible terrorist attacks. Dominion and Virginia Power maintain decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage to minimize the financial
exposure to these risks; however, it is possible that future decommissioning costs could exceed amounts in the decommissioning trusts and/or damages could exceed the amount of insurance coverage. If Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s
decommissioning trust funds are insufficient, and they are not allowed to recover the additional costs incurred through insurance, or in the case of Virginia Power through regulatory mechanisms, their results of operations could be negatively
impacted. 

Dominion’s and Virginia Power’s nuclear facilities are also subject to complex government regulation which could
negatively impact their results of operations. The NRC has broad authority under federal law to impose licensing and safety-related requirements for the operation of nuclear generating facilities. In the event of noncompliance, the NRC has the
authority to impose fines, set license conditions, shut down a nuclear unit, or take some combination of these actions, depending on its assessment of the severity of the situation, until compliance is achieved. Revised safety requirements
promulgated by the NRC could require Dominion and Virginia Power to make substantial expenditures at their nuclear plants. In addition, although the Companies have no reason to anticipate a serious nuclear incident at their plants, if an incident
did occur, it could materially and adversely affect their results of operations and/or financial condition. A major incident at a nuclear facility anywhere in the world, such as the nuclear events in Japan in 2011, could cause

the NRC to adopt increased safety regulations or otherwise limit or restrict the operation or licensing of domestic nuclear units. 

Sustained declines in natural gas and NGL prices have resulted in, and could result in further, curtailments of third-party producers’
drilling programs, delaying the production of volumes of natural gas and NGLs that Dominion and Dominion 
Gas gather, process, and transport and reducing the value of NGLs retained by Dominion Gas, which may adversely affect Dominion and
Dominion Gas’ revenues and earnings. Dominion and Dominion Gas obtain their supply of natural gas and NGLs from numerous third-party producers. Most producers are under no obligation to deliver a specific quantity of natural gas or NGLs to
Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ facilities. A number of other factors could reduce the volumes of natural gas and NGLs available to Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ pipelines and other assets. Increased regulation of energy extraction
activities could result in reductions in drilling for new natural gas wells, which could decrease the volumes of natural gas supplied to Dominion and Dominion Gas. Producers with direct commodity price exposure face liquidity constraints, which
could present a credit risk to Dominion and Dominion Gas. Producers could shift their production activities to regions outside Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ footprint. In addition, the extent of natural gas reserves and the rate of
production from such reserves may be less than anticipated. If producers were to decrease the supply of natural gas or NGLs to Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ systems and facilities for any reason, Dominion and Dominion Gas could experience
lower revenues to the extent they are unable to replace the lost volumes on similar terms. In addition, Dominion Gas’ revenue from processing and fractionation operations largely results from the sale of commodities at market
prices. Dominion Gas receives the wet gas product from producers and may retain the extracted NGLs as compensation for its services. This exposes Dominion Gas to commodity price risk for the value of the spread between the NGL products and
natural gas, and relative changes in these prices could adversely impact Dominion Gas’ results. 

Dominion’s merchant power
business operates in a challenging market, which could adversely affect its results of operations 
and future growth. The success of Dominion’s merchant power business depends upon favorable market conditions including the ability to
sell power at prices sufficient to cover its operating costs. Dominion operates in active wholesale markets that expose it to price volatility for electricity and fuel as well as the credit risk of counterparties. Dominion attempts to manage its
price risk by entering into hedging transactions, including short-term and long-term fixed price sales and purchase contracts. 

In these
wholesale markets, the spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the cost of supplying the next unit of electricity to the market during that hour. In many cases, the next unit of electricity supplied would be
provided by generating stations that consume fossil fuels, primarily natural gas. Consequently, the open market wholesale price for electricity generally reflects the cost of natural gas plus the cost to convert the fuel to electricity. Therefore,
changes in the price of natural gas generally affect the open market wholesale price of electricity. To the extent Dominion does not enter into long-term power purchase agreements or otherwise effectively hedge its output, these changes in market
prices could adversely affect its financial results. 

29

Table of Contents

 Dominion purchases fuel under a variety of terms, including long-term and short-term contracts
and spot market purchases. Dominion is exposed to fuel cost volatility for the portion of its fuel obtained through short-term contracts or on the spot market, including as a result of market supply shortages. Fuel prices can be volatile and the
price that can be obtained for power produced from such fuel may not change at the same rate as fuel costs, thus adversely impacting Dominion’s financial results. 

In addition, in the event that any of the merchant generation facilities experience a forced outage, Dominion may not receive the level of
revenue it anticipated. 
The Companies’ financial results can be adversely affected by various factors driving demand for
electricity and gas and 
related services. Technological advances required by federal laws mandate new levels of energy efficiency in 
end-use devices, including lighting, furnaces and electric heat
pumps and could lead to declines in per capita energy consumption. Additionally, certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy consumption by a fixed date. Further,
Virginia Power’s business model is premised upon the cost efficiency of the production, transmission and distribution of large-scale centralized utility generation. However, advances in distributed generation technologies, such as solar cells,
gas microturbines and fuel cells, may make these alternative generation methods competitive with large-scale utility generation, and change how customers acquire or use our services. 

Reduced energy demand or significantly slowed growth in demand due to customer adoption of energy efficient technology, conservation,
distributed generation, regional economic conditions, or the impact of additional compliance obligations, unless substantially offset through regulatory cost allocations, could adversely impact the value of the Companies’ business activities.

Dominion Gas has experienced a decline in demand for certain of its processing services due to competing facilities operating in nearby
areas. 
Dominion and Dominion Gas may not be able to maintain, renew or replace their existing portfolio of customer contracts
successfully, 
or on favorable terms. Upon contract expiration, customers may not elect to 
re-contract with Dominion and Dominion Gas as a result of a variety of factors, including the amount of
competition in the industry, changes in the price of natural gas, their level of satisfaction with Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ services, the extent to which Dominion and Dominion Gas are able to successfully execute their business plans
and the effect of the regulatory framework on customer demand. The failure to replace any such customer contracts on similar terms could result in a loss of revenue for Dominion and Dominion Gas and related decreases in their earnings and cash
flows. 

Certain of Dominion and Dominion Gas’ gas pipeline services are subject to long-term, fixed-price “negotiated
rate” contracts that are not subject to adjustment, even if the cost to 
perform such services exceeds the revenues received from such contracts. Under FERC policy, a regulated service provider and a customer may mutually agree to
sign a contract for service at a “negotiated rate” which may be above or below the FERC regulated, cost-based recourse rate for that service. These “negotiated rate” contracts are not generally subject to adjustment for increased
costs which could be produced by inflation or other

factors relating to the specific facilities being used to perform the services. Any shortfall of revenue as result of these “negotiated rate” contracts could decrease Dominion and
Dominion Gas’ earnings and cash flows. 
Exposure to counterparty performance may adversely affect the Companies’ financial
results of operations. The Companies are exposed to credit risks of their counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail or delay the performance of their contractual obligations, including but not limited to payment for
services. Some of Dominion’s operations are conducted through less than wholly-owned subsidiaries. In such arrangements, Dominion is dependent on third parties to fund their required share of capital expenditures. Counterparties could fail or
delay the performance of their contractual obligations for a number of reasons, including the effect of regulations on their operations. Defaults or failure to perform by customers, suppliers, joint venture partners, financial institutions or other
third parties may adversely affect the Companies’ financial results. 

Dominion will also be exposed to counterparty credit risk
relating to the terminal services agreements for the Liquefaction Project. While the counterparties’ obligations are supported by parental guarantees and letters of credit, there is no assurance that such credit support would be sufficient to
satisfy the obligations in the event of a counterparty default. In addition, if a controversy arises under either agreement resulting in a judgment in Dominion’s favor, Dominion may need to seek to enforce a final U.S. court judgment in a
foreign tribunal, which could involve a lengthy process. 
Market performance and other changes may decrease the value of
Dominion’s decommissioning trust funds and Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ benefit plan assets or increase Domin

ion’s and Dominion Gas’ liabilities, which could then require significant additional funding. The
performance of the capital markets affects the value of the assets that are held in trusts to satisfy future obligations to decommission Dominion’s nuclear plants and under Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ pension and other postretirement
benefit plans. Dominion and Dominion Gas have significant obligations in these areas and holds significant assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuation and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below expected return
rates. 

With respect to decommissioning trust funds, a decline in the market value of these assets may increase the funding requirements
of the obligations to decommission Dominion’s nuclear plants or require additional NRC-approved funding assurance. 

A decline in the market value of the assets held in trusts to satisfy future obligations under Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ pension
and other postretirement benefit plans may increase the funding requirements under such plans. Additionally, changes in interest rates will affect the liabilities under Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ pension and other postretirement benefit
plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in mortality assumptions, may also increase the funding
requirements of the obligations related to the pension and other postretirement benefit plans. 
If the decommissioning trust funds and
benefit plan assets are negatively impacted by market fluctuations or other factors,

30

Table of Contents

Dominion’s and Dominion Gas’ results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows could be negatively affected. 

The use of derivative instruments could result in financial losses and liquidity constraints. The Companies use derivative instruments,
including futures, swaps, forwards, options and FTRs, to manage commodity, currency and financial market risks. In addition, Dominion and Dominion Gas purchase and sell commodity-based contracts for hedging purposes. 

The Dodd-Frank Act was enacted into law in July 2010 in an effort to improve regulation of financial markets. The Dodd-Frank Act includes
provisions that will require certain over-the-counter
 derivatives, or swaps, to be centrally cleared and executed through an exchange or other approved trading platform.

Non-financial entities that use swaps to hedge or mitigate commercial risk, often referred to as end users, can choose to exempt their hedging transactions from these clearing and exchange trading
requirements. Final rules for the 
over-the-counter
 derivative-related provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act will continue to be established through the ongoing rulemaking
process of the applicable regulators, including rules regarding margin requirements for 
non-cleared swaps. If, as a result of the rulemaking process, the Companies’ derivative activities are not exempted
from the clearing, exchange trading or margin requirements, the Companies could be subject to higher costs, including from higher margin requirements, for their derivative activities. In addition, the implementation of, and compliance with, Title
VII of the Dodd-Frank Act by the Companies’ counterparties could result in increased costs related to the Companies’ derivative activities. 

Changing rating agency requirements could negatively affect the Companies’ growth and business strategy. In order to maintain
appropriate credit ratings to obtain needed credit at a reasonable cost in light of existing or future rating agency requirements, the Companies may find it necessary to take steps or change their business plans in ways that may adversely affect
their growth and earnings. A reduction in the Companies’ credit ratings could result in an increase in borrowing costs, loss of access to certain markets, or both, thus adversely affecting operating results and could require the Companies to
post additional collateral in connection with some of its price risk management activities. 

An inability to access financial markets
could adversely affect the execution of the Companies’ business plans. The Companies rely on access to short-term money markets and longer-term capital markets as significant sources of funding and liquidity for business plans with
increasing capital expenditure needs, normal working capital and collateral requirements related to hedges of future sales and purchases of energy-related commodities. Deterioration in the Companies’ creditworthiness, as evaluated by credit
rating agencies or otherwise, or declines in market reputation either for the Companies or their industry in general, or general financial market disruptions outside of the Companies’ control could increase their cost of borrowing or restrict
their ability to access one or more financial markets. Further market disruptions could stem from delays in the current economic recovery, the bankruptcy of an unrelated company, general market disruption due to general credit market or political
events, or the failure of financial institutions on which the Companies rely. Increased costs and restrictions on the Companies’ ability to

access financial markets may be severe enough to affect their ability to execute their business plans as scheduled. 

Potential changes in accounting practices may adversely affect the Companies’ financial results. The Companies cannot predict the
impact that future changes in accounting standards or practices may have on public companies in general, the energy industry or their operations specifically. New accounting standards could be issued that could change the way they record revenues,
expenses, assets and liabilities. These changes in accounting standards could adversely affect earnings or could increase liabilities. 

War, acts and threats of terrorism, intentional acts and other significant events could adversely affect the Companies’ operations.
The Companies cannot predict the impact that any future terrorist attacks may have on the energy industry in general, or on the Companies’ business in particular. Any retaliatory military strikes or sustained military campaign may affect
the Companies’ operations in unpredictable ways, such as changes in insurance markets and disruptions of fuel supplies and markets. In addition, the Companies’ infrastructure facilities, including projects under construction, could be
direct targets of, or indirect casualties of, an act of terror. For example, a physical attack on a critical substation in California resulted in serious impacts to the power grid. Furthermore, the physical compromise of the Companies’
facilities could adversely affect the Companies’ ability to manage these facilities effectively. Instability in financial markets as a result of terrorism, war, intentional acts, pandemic, credit crises, recession or other factors could result
in a significant decline in the U.S. economy and increase the cost of insurance coverage. This could negatively impact the Companies’ results of operations and financial condition. 

Hostile cyber intrusions could severely impair the Companies’ operations, lead to the disclosure of confidential 
information,
damage the reputation of the Companies and otherwise have an adverse effect on the Companies’ business. The Companies own assets deemed as critical infrastructure, the operation of which is dependent on information technology systems.
Further, the computer systems that run the Companies’ facilities are not completely isolated from external networks. There appears to be an increasing level of activity, sophistication and maturity of threat actors, in particular nation state
actors, that wish to disrupt the U.S. bulk power system and the U.S. gas transmission or distribution system. Such parties could view the Companies’ computer systems, software or networks as attractive targets for cyber attack. For example,
malware has been designed to target software that runs the nation’s critical infrastructure such as power transmission grids and gas pipelines. In addition, the Companies’ businesses require that they and their vendors collect and maintain
sensitive customer data, as well as confidential employee and shareholder information, which is subject to electronic theft or loss. 

A
successful cyber attack on the systems that control the Companies’ electric generation, electric or gas transmission or distribution assets could severely disrupt business operations, preventing the Companies from serving customers or
collecting revenues. The breach of certain business systems could affect the Companies’ ability to correctly record, process and report financial information. A major cyber incident could result in significant expenses to investigate and repair
security breaches or system damage and could lead to litigation, fines, other remedial action, heightened regulatory scrutiny and damage to the Companies’ reputation. In addition, the misappropriation,

31

Table of Contents

corruption or loss of personally identifiable information and other confidential data could lead to significant breach notification expenses and mitigation expenses such as credit monitoring. The
Companies maintain property and casualty insurance that may cover certain damage caused by potential cyber incidents; however, other damage and claims arising from such incidents may not be covered or may exceed the amount of any insurance
available. For these reasons, a significant cyber incident could materially and adversely affect the Companies’ business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Failure to attract and retain key executive officers and an appropriately qualified workforce could have an adverse effect on the
Companies’ operations. The Companies’ business strategy is dependent on their ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees. The Companies’ key executive officers are the CEO, CFO and presidents and those responsible for
financial, operational, legal, regulatory and accounting functions. Competition for skilled management employees in these areas of the Companies’ business operations is high. Certain events, such as an aging workforce, mismatch of skill set or
complement to future needs, or unavailability of contract resources may lead to operating challenges and increased costs. The challenges include lack of resources, loss of knowledge base and the length of time required for skill development. In this
case, costs, including costs for contractors to replace employees, productivity costs and safety costs, may rise. Failure to hire and adequately train replacement employees, including the transfer of significant internal historical knowledge and
expertise to new employees, or future availability and cost of contract labor may adversely affect the ability to manage and operate the Companies’ business. In addition, certain specialized knowledge is required of the Companies’
technical employees for transmission, generation and distribution operations. The Companies’ inability to attract and retain these employees could adversely affect their business and future operating results. 

The Questar Combination may not achieve its intended results. The Questar Combination is expected to result in various benefits,
including, among other things, being accretive to earnings. Achieving the anticipated benefits of the transaction is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether the business of Dominion Questar is integrated in an efficient and effective
manner. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs, decreases in the amount of expected revenues generated by the combined company and diversion of management’s time and energy, all of which could have an
adverse effect on the combined company’s financial position, results of operations or cash flows.