Our business is
influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond our control. We have identified a number of these factors below. For other factors that may cause actual
results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement or projection contained in this report, see Forward-Looking Statements in MD&A. 

Our results of operations can be affected by changes in the weather. 

Weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas, and affect the price of energy commodities. In addition, severe weather, including hurricanes and winter storms, can be destructive, causing outages and
property damage that require us to incur additional expenses. Additionally, droughts can result in reduced water levels that could adversely affect operations at some of our power stations. 

We are subject to complex governmental regulation that could adversely affect our operations.

 Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation and require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental 

agencies. We must also comply with environmental legislation and associated regulations. Management believes that the necessary approvals have been obtained
for our existing operations and that our business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws. However, new laws or regulations, the revision or reinterpretation of existing laws or regulations, or penalties imposed for non-compliance with
existing laws or regulations may require us to incur additional expenses. 

We could be subject to
penalties as a result of mandatory reliability standards.

 As a result of EPACT, owners and operators of bulk power transmission systems, including Dominion, are subject to mandatory reliability
standards enacted by NERC and enforced by FERC. If we are found not to be in compliance with the mandatory reliability standards we could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties. 

Our costs of compliance with environmental laws are significant, and the cost of compliance with future
environmental laws could adversely affect our cash flow and profitability.

 Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to
air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources, and health and safety. Compliance with these legal requirements requires us to commit significant capital toward permitting, emission fees, environmental monitoring, installation and
operation of pollution control equipment and purchase of allowances and/or offsets. Additionally, we could be responsible for expenses relating to remediation and containment obligations, including at sites where we have been identified by a
regulatory agency as a PRP. Our expenditures relating to environmental compliance have been significant in the past, and we expect that they will remain significant in the future. Costs of compliance with environmental regulations could adversely
affect our results of operations and financial condition, especially if emission and/or discharge limits are tightened, more extensive permitting requirements are imposed, additional substances become regulated and the number and types of assets we
operate increases. We cannot estimate our compliance costs with certainty due to our inability to predict the requirements and timing of implementation of any new environmental rules or regulations related to emissions. Other factors which affect
our ability to predict our future environmental expenditures with certainty include the difficulty in estimating clean-up costs and quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several liability on all responsible parties.

If federal and/or state requirements are
imposed on energy companies mandating further emission reductions, including limitations on CO2 emissions, such requirements could make some of our electric generating units uneconomical to maintain or operate.

 Environmental advocacy groups, other organizations and some agencies are focusing considerable attention on CO
2

emissions from power generation facilities and their potential role in climate change. We expect that federal legislation, and possibly additional state legislation, may pass resulting in the imposition of limitations on GHG emissions from fossil
fuel-fired electric generating units. Such limits could make certain of our electric generating units uneconomical to operate in the long term, unless there are significant advancements in the commercial availability and cost of carbon capture and
storage technology. There are also potential impacts on our natural gas businesses as federal GHG legislation may require GHG emission reduction requirements from the 

20

Table of Contents

natural gas sector. Several regions of the U.S. have moved forward with GHG emission regulations including regions where we have operations. For example,
Massachusetts has implemented regulations requiring reductions in CO
2

 emissions and the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, a cap and trade program
covering CO
2

 emissions from power plants in the Northeast, affects several of our facilities. In addition, a number of bills have been introduced in
Congress that would require GHG emissions reductions from fossil fuel-fired electric generation facilities, natural gas facilities and other sectors of the economy, although none have yet been enacted. Compliance with these GHG emission reduction
requirements may require us to commit significant capital toward carbon capture and storage technology, purchase of allowances and/or offsets, fuel switching, and/or retirement of high-emitting generation facilities and potential replacement with
lower emitting generation facilities. The cost of compliance with expected GHG emission legislation is subject to significant uncertainties due to the outcome of several interrelated assumptions and variables, including timing of the implementation
of rules, required levels of reductions, allocation requirements of the new rules, the maturation and commercialization of carbon capture and storage technology and associated regulations, and our selected compliance alternatives. As a result, we
cannot estimate the effect of any such legislation on our results of operations, financial condition or our customers. 

The base rates of our Virginia electric utility are subject to regulatory review.

 As a result of the Regulation Act, commencing in 2009 the base rates of our electric utility
company will be reviewed by the Virginia Commission under a modified cost-of-service model. Such rates will be set based on analyses of our electric utility’s costs and capital structure, as reviewed and approved in regulatory proceedings.
Under the Regulation Act, the Virginia Commission may, in a proceeding conducted in 2009, reduce rates or order a credit to customers if our electric utility company is deemed to be earning more than 50 basis points above an ROE level to be
established by the Virginia Commission in that proceeding. After the initial rate case, the Virginia Commission will review the base rates of our electric utility company biennially and may order a credit to customers if it is deemed to have earned
an ROE more than 50 basis points above an ROE level established by the Virginia Commission and may reduce rates if our electric utility company is found to have had earnings in excess of the established ROE level during two consecutive biennial
review periods. 

Delays in the recovery of fuel costs at our regulated electric utility could
negatively affect our electric utility’s cash flow, which could adversely affect our results of operations.

 Our regulated electric utility has a statutory right to recover from customers all
prudently incurred fuel costs through fuel factors which have been implemented in our Virginia and North Carolina jurisdictions. However, as a result of increasing fuel costs and a statutory limitation on the amount of fuel recovery that could be
collected from Virginia jurisdictional customers in the July 1, 2007 through June 30, 2008 fuel factor period, our electric utility has deferred a significant amount of fuel costs. Deferred recovery of fuel costs could have a negative
impact on the cash flow of our electric utility. The recent fluctuations in fuel prices may make it difficult to accurately predict fuel costs. In the future, if actual fuel costs incurred during the fuel factor period exceed the
esti

mate of costs which the Virginia Commission has approved for recovery in that period, we will not have authority to recover the excess costs through fuel
rates until the following year when a new factor is determined. To the extent that such deferrals occur, the resulting delays in the current recovery of fuel costs could negatively impact the cash flow of our electric utility, which could adversely
affect our results of operations. 

The rates of our electric and gas transmission operations are
subject to regulatory review.

 Revenue provided by our electric and gas transmission operations is based primarily on rates approved by FERC. The profitability of these businesses is dependent
on their ability, through the rates that they are permitted to charge, to recover costs and earn a reasonable rate of return on their capital investment. 

Our wholesale charges for electric transmission service are adjusted on an annual basis through operation of a FERC-approved formula rate mechanism. Through this mechanism our wholesale electric transmission cost of
service is estimated and thereafter trued-up as appropriate to reflect actual costs allocated to the Company by PJM. These wholesale rates are subject to FERC review and prospective adjustment in the event that customers and/or interested state
commissions file a complaint with FERC and are able to demonstrate that our wholesale revenue requirement is no longer just and reasonable. 

Similarly, various rates and charges assessed by our gas transmission businesses are subject to review by FERC. We are required to file a general base rate review for the FERC-jurisdictional services of Cove Point, effective not later than
July 31, 2011. At that time, Cove Point’s cost of service will be reviewed by the FERC, with rates set based on analyses of the company’s costs and capital structure. The FERC-jurisdictional rates for DTI are the subject of a 2005
FERC-approved settlement. That settlement established a rate moratorium that continues in effect through June 30, 2010. 

Energy conservation could negatively impact our financial results.

 Certain regulatory and legislative bodies have introduced or are considering requirements and/or incentives
to reduce energy consumption by a fixed date. To the extent conservation resulted in reduced energy demand or significantly slowed the growth in demand, the value of our merchant generation, E&P assets and other unregulated business activities
could be adversely impacted. In our regulated operations, conservation could negatively impact Dominion depending on the regulatory treatment of the associated impacts. Should we be required to invest in conservation measures that resulted in
reduced sales from effective conservation, regulatory lag in adjusting rates for the impact of these measures could have a negative financial impact. We are unable to determine what impact, if any, conservation will have on our financial condition
or results of operations. 

Our merchant power business is
operating in a challenging market, which could adversely affect our results of operations and future growth. 

The success of our merchant power business depends upon favorable market conditions including our ability to purchase and sell power at prices sufficient to cover our operating costs. We operate
in active wholesale markets that expose us to price volatility for electricity and fuel as well as the credit risk of counterparties. We attempt to manage our price risk by entering into hedging transactions, including short-term and long-term fixed
price sales and purchase contracts. 

21

Table of Contents

In these wholesale markets, the spot market price of electricity for each hour is generally determined by the cost of supplying the next unit of electricity
to the market during that hour. In many cases, the next unit of electricity supplied would be provided by generating stations that consume fossil fuels, primarily natural gas. Consequently the open market wholesale price for electricity generally
reflects the cost of natural gas plus the cost to convert the fuel to electricity. Therefore changes in the price of natural gas generally affect the open market wholesale price of electricity. To the extent we do not enter into long-term power
purchase agreements or otherwise hedge our output, then these changes in market prices could adversely affect our financial results. 

In
addition, we purchase fuel under a variety of terms, including long-term and short-term contracts and spot market purchases. We are exposed to fuel cost volatility for the portion of our fuel obtained through short-term contracts or on the spot
market. Fuel prices can be volatile and the price that can be obtained for power produced from such fuel may not change at the same rate as fuel costs, thus adversely impacting our financial results. 

Lastly, we are exposed to credit risks of our counterparties and the risk that one or more counterparties may fail to perform under their obligations to
make payments. Defaults by suppliers or other counterparties may adversely affect our financial results. 

Our merchant power business may be negatively affected by possible FERC actions that could weaken competition in the wholesale markets or affect pricing rules in the RTO
markets.

 Our merchant generation stations operating in PJM and NEPOOL sell capacity, energy and ancillary services into wholesale electricity

markets regulated by FERC. The wholesale markets allow these merchant generation stations to take advantage of market price opportunities, but also exposes them to market risk. Properly functioning competitive wholesale markets in PJM and NEPOOL
depend upon FERC’s continuation of clearly identified market rules. From time to time FERC may investigate and authorize PJM and NEPOOL to make changes in market design. FERC also periodically reviews our authority to sell at market-based
rates. Material changes by FERC to the design of the wholesale markets or our authority to sell power at market-based rates could adversely impact the future
 results of our merchant power business. 

Our operations could be affected by terrorist activities and catastrophic events that could result from
terrorism.

 In the event that our generating facilities or other infrastructure assets are subject to potential terrorist activities, such activities could significantly impair our operations and
result in a decrease in revenues and additional costs to repair and insure our assets, which could have a material adverse effect on Dominion’s business. The effects of potential terrorist activities could also include the risk of a significant
decline in the U.S. economy, and the decreased availability and increased cost of insurance coverage, any of which effects could negatively impact our operations and financial condition. 

We have incurred increased capital and operating expenses and may incur further costs for enhanced security in response to such risks. 

There are risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities.

 We operate nuclear facilities that are subject to risks, including our ability to dispose of spent nuclear fuel, the disposal of which is subject to complex federal and state regulatory constraints. 

These risks also include the cost of and our ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning, costs of replacement power, costs of plant
maintenance and exposure to potential liabilities arising out of the operation of these facilities. We maintain decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage to mitigate the financial exposure to these risks. However, it is possible that
decommissioning costs could exceed the amount in our trusts or that costs arising from claims could exceed the amount of any insurance coverage. 

The use of derivative instruments could result in financial losses and liquidity constraints.

 We use derivative instruments, including futures, swaps,
forwards, options and financial transmission rights (FTRs) to manage our commodity and financial market risks. In addition, we purchase and sell commodity-based contracts primarily in the natural gas market for trading purposes. We could recognize
financial losses on these contracts as a result of volatility in the market values of the underlying commodities or if a counterparty fails to perform under a contract. In the absence of actively-quoted market prices and pricing information from
external sources, the valuation of these contracts involves management’s judgment or use of estimates. As a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these
contracts. 

In addition, we use derivatives to hedge our electric and gas operations. The use of such derivatives to hedge future electric
and gas sales may limit the benefit we would otherwise receive from increases in commodity prices. These hedge arrangements generally include collateral requirements that require us to deposit funds or post letters of credit with counterparties to
cover the fair value of covered contracts in excess of agreed upon credit limits. For instance, when commodity prices rise to levels substantially higher than the levels where we have hedged future sales, we may be required to use a material portion
of our available liquidity or obtain additional liquidity to cover these collateral requirements. In some circumstances, this could have a compounding effect on our financial liquidity and results of operations. 

Derivatives designated under hedge accounting to the extent not fully offset by the hedged transaction can result in ineffectiveness losses. These losses
primarily result from differences in the location and specifications of the derivative hedging instrument and the hedged item and could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our operations in regards to these transactions are subject to multiple market risks including market liquidity, counterparty credit strength and price
volatility. These market risks are beyond our control and could adversely affect our results of operations and future growth. 

For
additional information concerning derivatives and commodity-based trading contracts, see Market Risk Sensitive Instruments and Risk Management in Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and Notes 2 and 9 to
our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Our E&P business is affected by factors that cannot be
predicted or controlled and that could damage facilities, disrupt production or reduce the book value of our assets.

 Factors that may affect our financial results include, but are not limited to:
damage to or suspension of operations caused by weather, fire, explosion or other events at our or third-party gas and oil facilities, fluctuations in natural gas and crude oil prices, results of future drilling and well completion 

22

Table of Contents

activities, our ability to acquire additional land positions in competitive lease areas, drilling cost pressures, operational risks that could disrupt
production, drilling rig availability and geological and other uncertainties inherent in the estimate of gas and oil reserves. 

Short-term
market declines in the prices of natural gas and oil could adversely affect our financial results by causing a permanent write-down of our natural gas and oil properties as required by the full cost method of accounting. Under the full cost method,
all direct costs of property acquisition, exploration and development activities are capitalized. If net capitalized costs exceed the present value of estimated future net revenues based on hedge-adjusted period-end prices from the production of
proved gas and oil reserves (the ceiling test) at the end of any quarterly period, then a permanent write-down of the assets must be recognized in that period. 

We may not complete plant construction or expansion projects that we commence, or we may complete projects on materially different terms or timing than initially anticipated and
we may not be able to achieve the intended benefits of any such project, if completed.

 We have announced several plant construction and expansion projects and may consider additional projects in the
future. We anticipate that we will be required to seek additional financing in the future to fund our current and future plant construction and expansion projects and we may not be able to secure such financing on favorable terms. In addition, we
may not be able to complete the projects on time as a result of weather conditions, delays in obtaining or failure to obtain regulatory approvals, delays in obtaining key materials, labor difficulties, difficulties with partners or potential
partners, a decline in the credit strength of our counterparties or vendors, or other factors beyond our control. With respect to our LNG and gas transmission pipeline operations, if we do not meet designated schedules for approval and construction
of our plant and expansion projects, certain of our customers may have the right to terminate their precedent agreements relating to the expansion projects. Certain of our customers may also have the right to receive liquidated damages. Even if
plant construction and expansion projects are completed, the total costs of the projects may be higher than anticipated and the performance of our business following the projects may not meet expectations. Additionally, regulators may disallow
recovery of some of the costs of a project if they are deemed not to be prudently incurred. Further, we may not be able to timely and effectively integrate the projects into our operations and such integration may result in unforeseen operating
difficulties or unanticipated costs. Any of these or other factors could adversely affect our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the plant construction and expansion projects. 

An inability to access financial markets could affect the execution of
our business plan.

 Dominion and our subsidiary, Virginia Power, rely on access to short-term money markets, longer-term capital markets and banks as
significant sources of funding and liquidity for capital expenditures, normal working capital and collateral requirements related to hedges of future sales and purchases of energy-related commodities primarily associated with our merchant generation
and gas and oil production. Management believes that Dominion and Virginia Power will maintain sufficient access to these financial markets based upon our current credit ratings and market reputation. However, certain dis-

ruptions outside of our control may increase our cost of borrowing or restrict our ability to access one or more financial markets. Such disruptions could
include a continuation of the current economic downturn, the bankruptcy of an unrelated company, general market disruption due to general credit market or political events, changes to our credit ratings or the failure of financial institutions on
which we rely. Restrictions on our ability to access financial markets may affect our ability to execute our business plan as scheduled. 

Market performance and other changes may decrease the value of decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets or increase our liabilities, which then could require significant additional
funding.

 The performance of the capital markets affects the value of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy future obligations to decommission our nuclear plants and under our pension and
postretirement benefit plans. We have significant obligations in these areas and hold significant assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuation and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below our expected return
rates. A decline in the market value of the assets may increase the funding requirements of the obligations to decommission our nuclear plants and under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. Additionally, changes in interest rates affect the
liabilities under our pension and postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes
in life expectancy assumptions, may also increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension benefit plans. If the decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets are not successfully managed, our results of operations
and financial condition could be negatively affected. 

Changing rating agency requirements could
negatively affect our growth and business strategy.

 As of February 1, 2009, Dominion’s senior unsecured debt is rated A-, stable outlook, by Standard & Poor’s; Baa2, stable
outlook, by Moody’s; and BBB+, stable outlook, by Fitch. In order to maintain our current credit ratings in light of existing or future requirements, we may find it necessary to take steps or change our business plans in ways that may adversely
affect our growth and earnings per share. A reduction in Dominion’s credit ratings or the credit ratings of our Virginia Power subsidiary by Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s or Fitch could increase our borrowing costs and adversely
affect operating results and could require us to post additional collateral in connection with some of our price risk management activities. 

Potential changes in accounting practices may adversely affect our financial results.

 We cannot predict the impact that future changes in accounting
standards or practices may have on public companies in general, the energy industry or our operations specifically. New accounting standards could be issued that could change the way we record revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. These
changes in accounting standards could adversely affect our reported earnings or could increase reported liabilities. 

Failure to retain and attract key executive officers and other skilled professional and technical employees could have an adverse effect on our operations.

 Our business
strategy is dependent on our ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees. Competition for skilled employees in some areas is high and the inability to retain and attract these employees could adversely affect our business and future operating
results. 

23

Table of Contents