Our business is influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that
may materially affect actual results and are often beyond our control. We have identified a number of these factors below. For other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated in any forward-looking statement or
projection contained in this report, see Forward-Looking Statements in MD&A. 

13

Table of Contents

Our operations are weather sensitive.

 Our results of operations can be
affected by changes in the weather. Weather conditions directly influence the demand for electricity and natural gas, and affect the price of energy commodities. In addition, severe weather, including hurricanes and winter storms, can be
destructive, causing outages and property damage that require us to incur additional expenses. In addition, droughts can result in reduced water levels that could adversely affect operations at some of our power stations. 

We are subject to complex governmental regulation that could adversely affect our operations

. Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation and require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various governmental agencies. We must also comply with environmental
legislation and associated regulations. Management believes that the necessary approvals have been obtained for our existing operations and that our business is conducted in accordance with applicable laws. However, new laws or regulations, the
revision or reinterpretation of existing laws or regulations, or penalties imposed for non-compliance with existing laws or regulations may require us to incur additional expenses. 

We could be subject to penalties as a result of mandatory reliability standards.

 As a result of EPACT, owners and operators of bulk power transmission systems, including Dominion, are subject to mandatory reliability standards enacted by NERC and enforced by FERC. If we are found not be in
compliance with the mandatory reliability standards we could be subject to sanctions, including substantial monetary penalties. 

Our costs of compliance with environmental laws are significant, and the cost of compliance with future environmental laws could adversely affect our cash flow and profitability

. Our operations are subject to extensive federal, state and local environmental statutes, rules and regulations relating to air quality, water quality, waste management, natural resources, and health and safety.
Compliance with these legal requirements requires us to commit significant capital toward permitting, emission fees, environmental monitoring, installation and operation of pollution control equipment and purchase of allowances and/or offsets.
Additionally, we could be responsible for expenses relating to remediation and containment obligations, including at sites where we have been identified by a regulatory agency as a PRP. Our expenditures relating to environmental compliance have been
significant in the past, and we expect that they will remain significant in the future. Costs of compliance with environmental regulations could adversely affect our results of operations and financial position, especially if emission and/or
discharge limits are tightened, more extensive permitting requirements are imposed, additional substances become regulated and the number and types of assets we operate increases. We cannot estimate our compliance costs with certainty due to our
inability to predict the requirements and timing of implementation of any new environmental rules or regulations related to emissions. Other factors which affect our ability to predict our future environmental expenditures with certainty include the
difficulty in estimating clean-up costs and quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and several liability on all responsible parties. 

If federal and/or state requirements are imposed on energy companies mandating further emission reductions, including limitations on

carbon dioxide emissions, such requirements could make some of our

electric generating units uneconomical to
maintain or operate.

 Environmental advocacy groups, other organizations and some 

agencies are focusing considerable attention on carbon dioxide emissions from power generation facilities and their potential role in climate change. We
expect that federal legislation, and possibly additional state legislation, may pass resulting in the imposition of limitations on greenhouse gas emissions from fossil fuel-fired electric generating units. Such limits could make certain of our
electric generating units uneconomical to operate in the long term, unless there are significant improvements in the commercial availability and cost of carbon capture and sequestration technology. There are also potential impacts on our natural gas
businesses as federal greenhouse gas legislation may require greenhouse gas emission reduction requirements from the natural gas sector. Several regions of the U.S. have moved forward with greenhouse gas regulations including regions where we have
operations. For example, Massachusetts has implemented regulations requiring reductions in carbon dioxide emissions and the Regional Greenhouse Gas Initiative, a cap and trade program covering carbon dioxide emissions from power plants in the
Northeast, will affect several of our facilities. In addition, a number of bills have been introduced in Congress that would require greenhouse gas emissions reductions from fossil fuel-fired electric generation facilities, natural gas facilities
and other sectors of the economy, although none have yet been enacted. Compliance with these greenhouse gas emission reduction requirements may require us to commit significant capital toward carbon capture and sequestration technology, purchase of
allowances and/or offsets, fuel switching, and/or retirement of high-emitting generation facilities and replacement with lower emitting generation facilities. The costs of compliance with expected greenhouse gas legislation are subject to
significant uncertainties due to the outcome of several interrelated assumptions and variables, including timing of the implementation of rules, required levels of reductions, allocation requirements of the new rules, the maturation and
commercialization of carbon capture and sequestration technology and associated regulations, and our selected compliance alternatives. As a result, we cannot estimate the effect of any such legislation on our results of operations, financial
condition or our customers. 

We are exposed to cost-recovery shortfalls because of capped base rates
for our regulated electric utility.

 Under the Restructuring Act, as amended in 2004 and 2007, our base rates remain capped through December 31, 2008. Although the Restructuring Act allows for the
recovery of certain generation-related costs during the capped rates period, we remain exposed to numerous risks of cost-recovery shortfalls, such as costs related to hurricanes or other unanticipated events. 

The rates of our Virginia electric utility are subject to regulatory review.

 As a result of the Restructuring Act, commencing in 2009 the base rates of our electric utility company will be reviewed by the Virginia Commission under a modified cost-of-service model. Such rates will be set based on analyses of our
electric utility’s costs and capital structures, as reviewed and approved in regulatory proceedings. Under the Restructuring Act, the Virginia Commission may, in a proceeding conducted in 2009, reduce rates or order a credit to customers if our
electric utility company is deemed to have earnings during a 2008 test period which are more than 50 basis points above a return on equity level to be established by the Virginia Commission in that proceeding. After the initial rate case, the
Virginia Commission will review the rates of our electric utility company biennially and may order a credit 

14

Table of Contents

to customers if it is deemed to have earned more than 50 basis points above a return on equity level established by the Virginia Commission and may reduce
rates if our electric utility company is found to have had earnings in excess of the established return on equity level during two consecutive biennial review periods. 

Energy conservation could negatively impact our financial results.

 A number of regulatory and legislative bodies have
introduced requirements and/or incentives to reduce energy consumption by certain dates. Conservation programs could impact our financial results in different ways. To the extent conservation resulted in reduced energy demand or significantly slowed
the growth in demand, the value of our merchant generation, E&P assets and other unregulated business activities could be adversely impacted. In our regulated operations, conservation could negatively impact Dominion depending on the regulatory
treatment of the associated impacts. Should we be required to invest in conservation measures that resulted in reduced sales from effective conservation, regulatory lag in adjusting rates for the impact of these measures could have a negative
financial impact. We are unable to determine what impact, if any, conservation will have on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Our merchant power business is operating in a challenging market, which could adversely affect our results of operations and future growth.

 The success
of our merchant power business depends upon favorable market conditions as well as our ability to find buyers willing to enter into power purchase agreements at prices sufficient to cover operating costs. We attempt to manage these risks by entering
into both short-term and long-term fixed price sales and purchase contracts and locating our assets in active wholesale energy markets. However, high fuel and commodity costs and excess capacity in the industry could adversely impact our results of
operations. 

There are risks associated with the operation of nuclear facilities.

 We operate nuclear facilities that are subject to risks, including the threat of terrorist attack and our ability to dispose of spent nuclear fuel, the disposal of which is subject to complex federal and state
regulatory constraints. These risks also include the cost of and our ability to maintain adequate reserves for decommissioning, costs of replacement power, costs of plant maintenance and exposure to potential liabilities arising out of the operation
of these facilities. We maintain decommissioning trusts and external insurance coverage to mitigate the financial exposure to these risks. However, it is possible that decommissioning costs could exceed the amount in our trusts or that costs arising
from claims could exceed the amount of any insurance coverage. 

The use of derivative instruments
could result in financial losses and liquidity constraints.

 We use derivative instruments, including futures, swaps, forwards, options and financial transmission rights to manage our commodity and
financial market risks. In addition, we purchase and sell commodity-based contracts primarily in the natural gas market for trading purposes. We could recognize financial losses on these contracts as a result of volatility in the market values of
the underlying commodities or if the counterparty fails to perform under a contract. In the absence of actively-quoted market prices and pricing information from external sources, the valuation of these contracts involves management’s judgment
or use of estimates. As a result, changes in the underlying assumptions or use of alternative valuation methods could affect the reported fair value of these contracts. 

 In addition, we use derivatives to hedge future
sales of our merchant generation and gas production, which may limit the benefit we would otherwise receive from increases in commodity prices. These hedge arrangements generally include collateral requirements that require us to deposit funds or
post letters of credit with counterparties to cover the fair value of covered contracts in excess of agreed upon credit limits. When commodity prices rise to levels substantially higher than the levels where we have hedged future sales, we may be
required to use a material portion of our available liquidity and obtain additional liquidity to cover these collateral requirements. In some circumstances, this could have a compounding effect on our financial liquidity and results of operations.

Derivatives designated under hedge accounting to the extent not fully offset by the hedged transaction can result in ineffectiveness
losses. These losses primarily result from differences in the location and specifications of the derivative hedging instrument and the hedged item and could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Our operations in regards to these transactions are subject to multiple market risks including market liquidity, counterparty credit strength and price
volatility. These market risks are beyond our control and could adversely affect our results of operations and future growth. 

For
additional information concerning derivatives and commodity-based trading contracts, see Market Risk Sensitive 
Instruments and Risk Management in Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk and Notes 2 and
10 to our Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Our E&P business is affected by factors that cannot
be predicted or controlled and that could damage facilities, disrupt production or reduce the book value of our assets.

 Factors that may affect our financial results include, but are not limited to:
damage to or suspension of operations caused by weather, fire, explosion or other events at our or third-party gas and oil facilities, fluctuations in natural gas and crude oil prices, results of future drilling and well completion activities, our
ability to acquire additional land positions in competitive lease areas, drilling cost pressures, operational risks that could disrupt production, drilling rig availability and geological and other uncertainties inherent in the estimate of gas and
oil reserves. 

Short-term market declines in the prices of natural gas and oil could adversely affect our financial results by causing a
permanent write-down of our natural gas and oil properties as required by the full cost method of accounting. Under the full cost method, all direct costs of property acquisition, exploration and development activities are capitalized. If net
capitalized costs exceed the present value of estimated future net revenues based on hedge-adjusted period-end prices from the production of proved gas and oil reserves (the ceiling test) at the end of any quarterly period, then a permanent
write-down of the assets must be recognized in that period. 

We may not complete plant construction or
expansion projects that we commence, or we may complete projects on materially different

terms or timing than initially anticipated and we may not be able to
achieve the intended benefits of any such project, if completed.

 We have announced several plant construction and expansion projects and may consider additional plant construction and expansion

15

Table of Contents

projects in the future. We anticipate that we will be required to seek additional financing in the future to fund our current and future plant construction
and expansion projects and we may not be able to secure such financing on favorable terms. In addition, we may not be able to complete the plant construction or expansion projects on time as a result of weather conditions, delays in obtaining or
failure to obtain regulatory approvals, delays in obtaining key materials, labor difficulties, difficulties with partners or other factors beyond our control. With respect to our LNG and gas transmission pipeline operations, if we do not meet
designated schedules for approval and construction of our plant and expansion projects, certain of our customers may have the right to terminate their precedent agreements relating to the expansion projects. Certain of our customers may also have
the right to receive liquidated damages. Even if plant construction and expansion projects are completed, the total costs of the plant construction and expansion projects may be higher than anticipated and the performance of our business following
the plant construction and expansion projects may not meet expectations. Additionally, regulators may disallow recovery of some of the costs of a plant or expansion project if they are deemed not to be prudently incurred. Any of these or other
factors could adversely affect our ability to realize the anticipated benefits from the plant construction and expansion projects. 

An inability to access financial markets could affect the execution of our business plan.

 Dominion and our subsidiary, Virginia Power, rely on access to
short-term money markets, longer-term capital markets and banks as significant sources of liquidity for capital requirements and collateral requirements, related to hedges of future sales of merchant generation and gas and oil production, not
satisfied by the cash flows from our operations. Management believes that Dominion and Virginia Power will maintain sufficient access to these financial markets based upon current credit ratings. However, certain disruptions outside of our control
may increase our cost of borrowing or restrict our ability to access one or more financial markets. Such disruptions could include an economic downturn, the bankruptcy of an unrelated energy company or changes to our credit ratings. Restrictions on
our ability to access financial markets may affect our ability to execute our business plan as scheduled. 

Market performance and other changes may decrease the value of decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets or increase our liabilities, which then could require significant additional funding.

 The performance of the capital markets affects the value of the assets that are held in trust to satisfy future obligations to decommission our nuclear plants and under our pension and postretirement benefit plans.
We have significant obligations in these areas and hold significant assets in these trusts. These assets are subject to market fluctuation and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall below our projected return rates. A decline in the market
value of the assets may increase the funding requirements of the obligations to decommission our nuclear plants and under our pension and postretirement benefit plans. Additionally, changes in interest rates affect the liabilities under our pension
and postretirement benefit plans; as interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially requiring additional funding. Further, changes in demographics, including increased numbers of retirements or changes in life expectancy assumptions,
may also increase the funding requirements of the obligations related to the pension benefit plans. If we are unable to successfully manage the 

decommissioning trust funds and benefit plan assets, our results of operation and financial position could be negatively affected. 

Changing rating agency requirements could negatively affect our growth and business strategy.

 As of February 1, 2008, Dominion’s senior unsecured debt is rated A-, stable outlook, by Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services, a division of the McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. (Standard &
Poor’s); Baa2, stable outlook, by Moody’s Investors Services (Moody’s); and BBB+, stable outlook, by Fitch Ratings Ltd. (Fitch). In order to maintain our current credit ratings in light of existing or future requirements, we may find
it necessary to take steps or change our business plans in ways that may adversely affect our growth and earnings per share. A reduction in Dominion’s credit ratings or the credit ratings of our Virginia Power subsidiary by Standard &
Poor’s, Moody’s or Fitch could increase our borrowing costs and adversely affect operating results and could require us to post additional collateral in connection with some of our price risk management activities. 

Potential changes in accounting practices may adversely affect our financial results.

 We cannot predict the impact that future changes in accounting standards or practices may have on public companies in general, the energy industry or our operations specifically. New accounting standards could be
issued that could change the way we record revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. These changes in accounting standards could adversely affect our reported earnings or could increase reported liabilities. 

Failure to retain and attract key executive officers and other skilled professional and technical employees could
have an adverse effect on our operations

. Our business is dependent on our ability to recruit, retain and motivate employees. Competition for skilled employees in some areas is high and the inability
to retain and attract these employees could adversely affect our business and future operating results.