The risks described below could materially and adversely affect
 the Company’s results of operations, financial condition,
 liquidity and cash flows. These risks are not the only risks
 that the Company faces. The Company’s business operations
 could also be affected by additional factors that are not
 presently known to it or that the Company currently considers to
 be immaterial to its operations.

 The
 Economic Performance and Value of the Company’s Shopping
 Centers Depend on Many Factors, Each of Which Could Have an
 Adverse Impact on the Center’s Cash Flows and Operating
 Results

 The economic performance and value of the Company’s real
 estate holdings can be affected by many factors, including the
 following:

 • 

 Changes in the national, regional and local economic climate;

 • 

 Local conditions, such as an oversupply of space or a reduction
 in demand for real estate in the area;

 • 

 The attractiveness of the properties to tenants;

 • 

 Competition from other available space;

 • 

 The Company’s ability to provide adequate management
 services and to maintain its properties;

 • 

 Increased operating costs, if these costs cannot be passed
 through to tenants, and

 • 

 The expense of periodically renovating, repairing and reletting
 spaces.

 The Company’s properties consist primarily of community
 shopping centers and, therefore, the Company’s performance
 is linked to general economic conditions in the market for
 retail space. The market for retail space has been and may
 continue to be adversely affected by weakness in the national,
 regional and local economies, the adverse financial condition of
 some large retailing companies, the ongoing consolidation in the
 retail sector, the excess amount of retail space in a number of
 markets and increasing consumer purchases through catalogs and
 the Internet. To the extent that any of these conditions occur,
 they are likely to affect market rents for retail space. In
 addition, the Company may face challenges in the management and
 maintenance of its properties or incur increased operating
 costs, such as real estate taxes, insurance and utilities, which
 may make its properties unattractive to tenants. The loss of
 rental revenues from a number of the Company’s tenants and
 its inability to replace such tenants may adversely affect the
 Company’s profitability and ability to meet its debt and
 other financial obligations and make distributions to
 shareholders.

 6

Table of Contents

 The
 Company’s Dependence on Rental Income May Adversely Affect
 Its Ability to Meet Its Debt Obligations and Make Distributions
 to the Shareholders

 Substantially all of the Company’s income is derived from
 rental income from real property. As a result, the
 Company’s performance depends on its ability to collect
 rent from tenants. The Company’s income and funds for
 distribution would be negatively affected if a significant
 number of its tenants, or any of its major tenants were to:

 • 

 Experience a downturn in their business that significantly
 weakens their ability to meet their obligations to the Company;

 • 

 Delay lease commencements;

 • 

 Decline to extend or renew leases upon expiration;

 • 

 Fail to make rental payments when due or

 • 

 Close stores or declare bankruptcy.

 Any of these actions could result in the termination of
 tenants’ leases and the loss of rental income attributable
 to the terminated leases. Lease terminations by an anchor tenant
 or a failure by that anchor tenant to occupy the premises could
 also result in lease terminations or reductions in rent by other
 tenants in the same shopping centers under the terms of some
 leases. In addition, the Company cannot be certain that any
 tenant whose lease expires will renew that lease or that it will
 be able to re-lease space on economically advantageous terms.
 The loss of rental revenues from a number of the Company’s
 tenants and its inability to replace such tenants may adversely
 affect the Company’s profitability and its ability to meet
 debt and other financial obligations and make distributions to
 shareholders.

 The
 Company Relies on Major Tenants, Making It Vulnerable to Changes
 in the Business and Financial Condition of, or Demand for Its
 Space, by Such Tenants

 As of December 31, 2007, the annualized base rental
 revenues from Wal-Mart, Mervyns, T.J. Maxx, PetSmart,
 Lowe’s Home Improvement, Bed Bath & Beyond and
 Circuit City represented 4.3%, 2.4%, 2.0%, 2.0%, 1.9%, 1.6% and
 1.6%, respectively, of the Company’s aggregate annualized
 shopping center base rental revenues (those tenants greater than
 1.5%), including its proportionate share of joint venture
 aggregate annualized shopping center base rental revenues. The
 Company’s income and ability to meet its financial
 obligations could be adversely affected in the event of the
 bankruptcy, insolvency or significant downturn in the business
 of one of these tenants or any of the Company’s other major
 tenants. In addition, the Company’s results could be
 adversely affected if any of these tenants do not renew multiple
 lease terms as they expire.

 The
 Company’s Acquisition Activities May Not Produce the Cash
 Flows That It Expects and May Be Limited by Competitive
 Pressures or Other Factors

 The Company intends to acquire existing retail properties to the
 extent that suitable acquisitions can be made on advantageous
 terms. Acquisitions of commercial properties entail risks, such
 as:

 • 

 The Company’s estimates on expected occupancy and rental
 rates may differ from actual conditions;

 • 

 The Company’s estimates of the costs of any redevelopment
 or repositioning of acquired properties may prove to be
 inaccurate;

 • 

 The Company may be unable to operate successfully in new markets
 where acquired properties are located, due to a lack of market
 knowledge or understanding of local economies;

 • 

 The Company may be unable to successfully integrate new