. 

The Company cautions that
forward-looking statements, as such term is defined in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on estimates, projections, beliefs and assumptions of management at the time of such
statements and are not guarantees of future performance. The Company disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements based on the occurrence of future events, the receipt of new information, or otherwise. Forward-looking
statements of the Company involve risks and uncertainties and are subject to change based on various important factors. Actual future performance, outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in forward-looking statements made by
the Company and its management as a result of a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions. 

The retail merchandise business is highly
competitive, and that competition could lower revenues, margins and market share. 

We conduct our retail merchandise business under
highly competitive conditions. Although we are a large regional department store, we have numerous competitors at the national and local level that compete with our individual stores, including specialty, off-price, discount, internet and mail-order
retailers. Competition is characterized by many factors including location, reputation, fashion, merchandise assortment, advertising, price, quality, service and credit availability. We anticipate intense competition will continue to focus on
pricing. Some of our competitors have substantially larger marketing budgets, which may provide them with a competitive advantage. If we are unable to maintain our competitive position, we could experience downward pressure on prices, lower demand
for products, reduced margins, the inability to take advantage of new business opportunities and the loss of market share. 

Changes in economic,
market and other conditions could adversely affect our operating results. 

The retail merchandise business is affected by changes in
international, national, regional, and local economic conditions, consumer preferences and spending patterns, demographic trends, weather, traffic patterns, the type, number and location of competing stores, and the effects of war or terrorist
activities and any governmental responses thereto. Factors such as inflation, apparel costs, labor and benefit costs, legal claims, and the availability of management and hourly employees also affect store operations and administrative expenses. Our
ability to finance new store development, improvements and additions to existing stores, and the acquisition of stores from competitors is affected by economic conditions, including interest rates and other government policies impacting land and
construction costs and the availability of borrowed funds. 

Current store locations may become less desirable, and desirable new locations may not be
available for a reasonable price, if at all. 

The success of any store depends in substantial part on its location. There can be no
assurance that current locations will continue to be desirable as demographic patterns change. Neighborhood or economic conditions where stores are located could decline in the future, thus resulting in potentially reduced sales in those locations.
If we cannot obtain desirable locations at reasonable prices our cost structure will increase and our revenues will be adversely affected. 

Ownership
and leasing of significant amounts of real estate exposes us to possible liabilities and losses. 

We own the land and building, or
lease the land and/or the building, for all of our stores. Accordingly, we are subject to all of the risks associated with owning and leasing real estate. In particular, the value of the assets could decrease, and their costs could increase, because
of changes in the investment climate for real estate, demographic trends and supply or demand for the use of the store, which may result from competition from similar stores in the area, as well as liability for environmental conditions. We
generally cannot cancel these 

3 

Table of Contents

leases. If an existing or future store is not profitable, and we decide to close it, we may be committed to perform certain obligations under the applicable
lease including, among other things, paying the base rent for the balance of the lease term. In addition, as each of the leases expires, we may be unable to negotiate renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or at all, which could cause us
to close stores in desirable locations. If an existing owned store is not profitable, and we decide to close it, we may be required to record an impairment charge and/or exit costs associated with the disposal of the store. We may not be able to
close an unprofitable owned store due to an existing operating covenant which may cause us to operate the location at a loss and prevent us from locating a more desirable location. 

We rely on third party suppliers to obtain materials and provide production facilities from which we source our merchandise

.

We may experience supply problems such as unfavorable pricing or untimely delivery of merchandise. The price and availability of materials from
suppliers can be adversely affected by factors outside of our control such as increased worldwide demand. Further, our suppliers who also serve the retail industry may experience financial difficulties due to a downturn in the
industry. These supplier risks may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

We intend to evaluate
acquisitions, joint ventures and other strategic initiatives, any of which could distract management or otherwise have a negative effect on revenues, costs and stock price. 

Our future success may depend on opportunities to buy or obtain rights to other businesses or technologies that could complement, enhance or expand our
current business or products or that might otherwise offer growth opportunities. In particular, we intend to evaluate potential mergers, acquisitions, joint venture investments, strategic initiatives, alliances, vertical integration opportunities
and divestitures. Our attempt to engage in these transactions may expose us to various inherent risks, including: 

•

accurately assessing the value, future growth potential, strengths, weaknesses, contingent and other liabilities and potential profitability of acquisition candidates;

•

the potential loss of key personnel of an acquired business; 

•

the ability to achieve projected economic and operating synergies; 

•

difficulties successfully integrating, operating, maintaining and managing newly acquired operations or employees; 

•

difficulties maintaining uniform standards, controls, procedures and policies; 

•

unanticipated changes in business and economic conditions affecting an acquired business; 

•

the possibility of impairment charges if an acquired business performs below expectations; and 

•

the diversion of management’s attention from the existing business to integrate the operations and personnel of the acquired or combined business or to implement the strategic
initiative. 

Our annual and quarterly financial results may fluctuate depending on various factors, many of which are beyond our
control, and if we fail to meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors, our share price may decline. 

Our sales and
operating results can vary from quarter to quarter and year to year depending on various factors, many of which are beyond our control. Certain events and factors may directly and immediately decrease demand for our products. If customer demand
decreases rapidly, our results of operations would also decline precipitously. These events and factors include: 

•

variations in the timing and volume of our sales; 

4 

Table of Contents

•

sales promotions by us or our competitors; 

•

changes in average same-store sales and customer visits; 

•

variations in the price, availability and shipping costs of supplies; 

•

seasonal effects on demand for our products; 

•

changes in competitive and economic conditions generally; 

•

changes in the cost or availability of material or labor; and 

•

weather and acts of God. 

Litigation from customers, employees and
others could harm our reputation and impact operating results. 

Class action lawsuits have been filed, and may continue to be filed,
from customers alleging discrimination. We are also susceptible to claims filed by customers alleging responsibility for injury suffered during a visit to a store. Class action lawsuits have also been filed, and may continue to be filed, against the
Mercantile Stores Pension Plan (the “Plan”) and the Mercantile Stores Pension Committee (the “Committee”) on behalf of a putative class of former Plan participants. The complaint alleges that certain actions by the Plan and the
Committee violated the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), as a result of amendments made to the Plan that allegedly were either improper and/or ineffective and as a result of certain payments made to
certain beneficiaries of the Plan that allegedly were improperly calculated and/or discriminatory on account of age. In addition to decreasing our sales and profitability and diverting management resources, adverse publicity or a substantial
judgment against us could negatively impact our operating results and our reputation, hindering the ability to attract and retain customers. 

Further, we may be subject to other claims in the future based on, among other things, employee discrimination, harassment, wrongful termination and wage issues, including those relating to overtime compensation. These types of claims, as
well as other types of lawsuits to which we are subject to from time to time, can distract management’s attention from core business operations and/or negatively impact operating results. 

Catastrophic events may disrupt our business. 

Unforeseen events, including war, terrorism and other international conflicts, public health issues, and natural disasters such as earthquakes, hurricanes or other adverse weather and climate conditions, whether occurring in the United
States or abroad, could disrupt our operations, disrupt international trade and supply chain efficiencies, suppliers or customers, or result in political or economic instability. These events could reduce demand for our products or make it difficult
or impossible to receive products from suppliers.