.

Governmental
Actions
. The Company’s agricultural business is exposed to a
variety of risks and uncertainties related to the action or inaction of
governmental bodies. The outcome of the global negotiations under the auspices
of the World Trade Organization could have a material effect on the
international flow of agricultural commodities which may result in a
corresponding effect on the demand for agricultural equipment in many areas of
the world.

In the United
States, the 2007 Farm Bill may significantly affect prices for farm
commodities, particularly corn, cotton and rice, and this in turn could affect
farmers’ demand for the Company’s products and services.

The policies of
the Brazilian government (including those related to exchange rates and
commodity prices) could significantly change the dynamics of the agricultural
economy in that country.

9

Changing
Demand for Farm Outputs
. Changing worldwide demand for food
and the demand for different forms of bio-energy could have an effect on prices
for farm commodities and consequently the demand for the Company’s agricultural
equipment.

Globalization
.
The continuing globalization of agricultural businesses may significantly
change the dynamics of the Company’s competition, customer base and product
offerings. The Company’s efforts to grow its businesses depend to a large
extent on its success in developing additional geographic markets.

Economic
Condition and Outlook
. General economic conditions can affect
the demand for the Company’s equipment as well. Negative economic conditions or
a negative outlook, for example, can decrease housing starts and other
construction and dampen demand for equipment. Weakness in the overall farm
economy can have a similar effect on agricultural equipment sales.

Consumer
Attitudes
. The confidence the Company’s customers have in the
general economic outlook can have a significant effect on their propensity to
purchase equipment and, consequently, on the Company’s sales. The Company’s
ability to match its new product offerings to its customers’ anticipated
preferences for enhanced technologies and different types and sizes of
equipment is important as well.

Weather. 
Poor
or unusual weather conditions, particularly in the spring, can significantly
affect the purchasing decisions of the Company’s customers, particularly the
customers of the agricultural and commercial and consumer segments. Sales in
the important spring selling season can have a dramatic effect on the
commercial and consumer segment’s financial results.

Raw
Material Costs
. Changes in the availability and price of raw
materials (such as steel, rubber and fuel) used in the production of the
Company’s equipment could have an effect on its costs of production and, in
turn, on the profitability of the business.

Interest
Rates and Credit Ratings
. If interest rates rise, they could
have a dampening effect on overall economic activity and could affect the
demand for the Company’s equipment. In addition, credit market dislocations
could have an impact on funding costs which are very important to the Company’s
credit segment. Decisions and actions by credit rating agencies can affect the
availability and cost of funding for the Company. Credit rating downgrades or
negative changes to ratings outlooks can increase the Company’s cost of capital
and hurt its competitive position. Guidance from rating agencies as to
acceptable leverage can affect the Company’s returns as well.

Environmental. 
Our
operations are subject to and affected by environmental, health and
safety laws and regulations by federal, state and local authorities in the
United States and regulatory authorities with jurisdiction over our foreign
operations. Violations of such laws or regulations can lead to
investigation and remediation costs, significant fines or penalties. In
addition, increased requirements of governmental authorities, and claims for
damages to property or injury to persons resulting from the environmental,
health or safety impacts of our operations or past contamination, could prevent
or restrict our operations, require significant expenditures to achieve
compliance, involve the imposition of cleanup liens and/or give rise to civil
or criminal liability. There can be no assurance that violations of such
legislation and/or regulations, which results in enforcement actions or private
claims will not have consequences which result in a material adverse effect on
our business, financial condition or results of operations.

The risks
identified above should be considered in conjunction with Management’s
Discussion and Analysis beginning on page 15, and, specifically, the other
risks described in the Safe Harbor Statement on pages 17 and 18. The
Company’s results of operations may be affected by these identified risks
and/or by risks not currently contemplated.