There are many risk factors that affect our business and results
 of operations, some of which are beyond our control. The
 following is a description of some of the important risk factors
 that may cause our actual results in future periods to differ
 substantially from those we currently expect or desire.

 • 

 Weakening global economic conditions and instability in
 financial markets could harm our business and result in reduced
 net revenue and profitability.  We are a global
 company with customers in virtually every business and industry.
 There has been an erosion of global consumer confidence amidst
 concerns over declining asset values, fluctuating energy costs,
 geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of credit, rising
 unemployment, and the stability and solvency of financial
 institutions, financial markets, businesses, and sovereign
 nations. These concerns have slowed global economic growth and
 have resulted in recessions in many countries, including the
 U.S. While these global economic issues persist, there are
 likely to be a number of follow-on effects on our business,
 including customers or potential customers reducing or delaying
 their technology investments, insolvency of key suppliers
 resulting in product delays, counterparty failures negatively
 impacting our treasury operations, the inability of customers to
 obtain credit to finance purchases of our products, and customer
 insolvencies, all of which could reduce demand for our product
 and services, impact our ability to effectively manage inventory
 levels and collect customer receivables, lengthen our cash
 conversion cycle and negatively impact liquidity, and ultimately
 decrease our net revenue and profitability.

 • 

 Weakening economic conditions and instability in financial
 markets could harm our financial services
 activities.  Our financial services activities are
 negatively affected in four major ways by the current economic
 environment — spending softness, increasing loan
 delinquencies and defaults, increasing funding costs, and
 reduced availability of funding through securitizations.
 Decreased customer spending directly reduces the potential sales
 revenue that we can seek to finance. Loan delinquencies and
 defaults impact our net credit losses and have been increasing
 for more than a year. If this trend continues, we may need to
 increase our reserves in our customer receivables in the future.
 The debt and securitization markets have been experiencing and
 may continue to experience

 10

Table of Contents

 extreme volatility and disruption, resulting in higher credit
 spreads in the capital markets and higher funding costs for us,
 as well as reduced availability of funding from securitizing our
 financing receivables.

 We have continued to utilize securitizations to fund our
 financing activities. During Fiscal 2009 and Fiscal 2008, Dell
 transferred $1.4 billion and $1.2 billion,
 respectively, of fixed-term leases and loans and revolving loans
 to unconsolidated qualified special purpose entities to
 facilitate the funding of financing receivables in the capital
 markets. Deterioration in our business performance, a credit
 rating downgrade, continued volatility in the securitization
 markets, or adverse changes in the economy could lead to
 reductions in debt availability for the qualified special
 purpose entities and could limit our ability to continue asset
 securitizations or other financing from debt or capital sources,
 reduce the amount of financing receivables that we originate, or
 could adversely affect the costs or terms on which we may be
 able to obtain capital, which could unfavorably affect our
 profitability or cash flows.

 • 

 We face strong competition, which may adversely affect our
 market share, revenue, and profitability.  We
 operate in an industry in which there are rapid technological
 advances in hardware, software and service offerings, and face
 aggressive product and price competition from both branded and
 generic competitors. We compete based on our ability to
 profitably offer competitive solutions with the most current and
 desired product features, as well as on customer service,
 quality and reliability. We expect that competition will
 continue to be intense and that our competitors’ products
 may be less costly, provide better performance or include
 additional features. Our efforts to balance our mix of products
 and services to optimize profitability, liquidity, and growth
 may also put pressure on our industry unit share position in the
 short-term. As we continue to expand globally, we may see new
 and increased competition in different geographic regions. In
 addition, barriers to entry in our businesses generally are low
 and products can be distributed broadly and quickly at
 relatively low cost.

 If our increasing reliance on third-party original equipment
 manufacturers, original design manufacturing partnerships, and
 manufacturing outsourcing relationships fails to generate cost
 efficiencies, our profitability could be adversely impacted. Our
 profitability is also affected by our ability to negotiate
 favorable pricing with our vendors, including vendor rebates,
 marketing funds, and other vendor funding. Because these
 supplier negotiations are continuous and reflect the ongoing
 competitive environment, the variability in timing and amount of
 incremental vendor discounts and rebates can affect our
 profitability. Our inability to establish a cost and product
 advantage, or determine alternative means to deliver value to
 our customers, may adversely affect our market share, revenue,
 and profitability.

 • 

 Our ability to generate substantial
 non-U.S. net
 revenue faces many additional risks and
 uncertainties.
  Sales outside the
 U.S. accounted for approximately 48% of our consolidated
 net revenue in Fiscal 2009. Our future growth rates and success
 are dependent on continued growth outside the U.S., including
 the key developing countries of Brazil, Russia, India, and
 China. Our international operations face many risks and
 uncertainties, including varied local economic and labor
 conditions, political instability, and changes in the regulatory
 environment, trade protection measures, tax laws (including
 U.S. taxes on foreign operations), copyright levies, and
 foreign currency exchange rates. Any of these factors could
 adversely affect our operations and profitability.

 • 

 Our profitability may be affected by our product, customer,
 and geographic sales mix and by seasonal sales
 trends.  Our profit margins vary among products,
 customers, and geographies. In addition, our business is subject
 to certain seasonal sales trends. For example, sales to
 government customers (particularly the U.S. federal
 government) are typically stronger in our third fiscal quarter,
 sales in EMEA are often weaker in our third fiscal quarter, and
 consumer sales are typically strongest during our fourth fiscal
 quarter. As a result of these factors, our overall profitability
 for any particular period will be affected by the mix of
 products, customers, and geographies reflected in our sales for
 that period, as well as by seasonal trends.

 • 

 Infrastructure failures and breaches in data security could
 harm our business.  We depend on our information
 technology and manufacturing infrastructure to achieve our
 business objectives. If a problem, such as a computer virus,
 intentional disruption by a third party, natural disaster,
 manufacturing failure, telecommunications system failure, or
 lost connectivity impairs our infrastructure, we may be unable
 to book or process orders, manufacture, ship in a timely manner,
 or otherwise carry on our business. An infrastructure disruption
 could damage our reputation and cause us to lose customers and
 revenue, result in the unintentional disclosure of company or
 customer information, and require us to incur significant
 expense to eliminate these problems and address related data
 security concerns. The harm to our business could be even
 greater if it occurs during a period of disproportionately heavy
 demand.

 • 

 Our inability to effectively manage product and services
 transitions could reduce the demand for our products and the
 profitability of our operations.  Continuing
 improvements in technology mean frequent new product
 introductions, short product life cycles, and improvement in
 product performance characteristics. In addition, we are
 increasingly sourcing new products and transitioning existing
 products through our original design manufacturing partnerships
 and manufacturing outsourcing relationships in order to generate
 cost efficiencies, deliver products faster and better serve our
 customers in certain segments and geographical areas. These
 product

 11

Table of Contents

 transitions present execution challenges and risks. If we are
 unable to effectively manage a new product transition, our
 business and results of operations could be unfavorably affected.

 • 

 Our growth strategy depends on our ability to successfully
 transform our sales capability and to add to the scope of our
 product and services offerings.  Our growth
 strategy involves reaching more customers worldwide through new
 distribution channels, such as consumer retail, expanding our
 relationships with value-added resellers, and augmenting select
 areas of our business through targeted acquisitions. Our goal
 continues to be to optimize the balance of liquidity,
 profitability, and growth with a focus on moving the weight of
 the product portfolio to higher margin products and recurring
 revenue streams. Our ability to grow sales of these higher
 margin products, services and solutions depends on our ability
 to successfully transition our sales capabilities and add to the
 breadth of our higher margin offerings through selective
 acquisitions. If we are unable to effectively transition our
 sales capabilities and grow our product and services offerings,
 our business and results of operations could be unfavorably
 affected.

 • 

 Disruptions in component or product availability could
 unfavorably affect our performance.  Our
 manufacturing and supply chain efficiencies give us the ability
 to operate with reduced levels of component and finished goods
 inventories. Our financial success is partly due to our supply
 chain management practices, including our ability to achieve
 rapid inventory turns. Because we maintain minimal levels of
 component and product inventories, a disruption in component or
 product availability could harm our financial performance and
 our ability to satisfy customer needs.

 • 

 Our reliance on vendors for products and components creates
 risks and uncertainties.  We require a high volume
 of quality products and components from third party vendors. In
 addition, we are continuing to expand our use of original design
 manufacturing partnerships and manufacturing outsourcing
 relationships in order to generate cost efficiencies, deliver
 products faster and better serve our customers in certain
 segments and geographical areas. Our increasing reliance on
 these vendors subjects us to a greater risk of shortages, and
 reduced control over delivery schedules of components and
 products (which can harm efficiencies), as well as a greater
 risk of increases in product and component costs (which can harm
 our profitability). In addition, defective parts and products
 from these vendors could reduce product reliability and harm our
 reputation.

 • 

 We could experience manufacturing interruptions, delays, or
 inefficiencies if we are unable to timely and reliably procure
 components and products from single-source or limited-source
 suppliers.  We maintain several single-source or
 limited-source supplier relationships, either because multiple
 sources are not available or the relationship is advantageous
 due to performance, quality, support, delivery, capacity, or
 price considerations. If the supply of a critical single- or
 limited-source product or component is delayed or curtailed, we
 may not be able to ship the related product in desired
 quantities and in a timely manner. Even where multiple sources
 of supply are available, qualification of the alternative
 suppliers and establishment of reliable supplies could result in
 delays and a possible loss of sales, which could harm operating
 results.

 • 

 Our business is increasingly dependent on our ability to
 access the capital markets.  We are increasingly
 dependent on access to debt and capital sources to provide
 financing for our customers and to obtain funds in the
 U.S. for general corporate purposes, including share
 repurchases, funding customer receivables, and acquisitions.
 Additionally, we have customer financing relationships with
 companies whose business models rely on accessing the capital
 markets. The inability of these companies to access such markets
 could force us to self-fund transactions or forgo customer
 financing opportunities, potentially harming our financial
 performance. The debt and capital markets have been experiencing
 and may continue to experience extreme volatility and
 disruption. These issues, along with significant write-offs in
 the financial services sector, the re-pricing of credit risk,
 and the current weak economic conditions have made, and will
 likely continue to make, it difficult to obtain funding. The
 cost of accessing debt and capital markets has increased as many
 lenders and institutional investors require higher rates of
 return. Lenders have also tightened lending standards, and
 reduced or ceased their lending to certain borrowers. We believe
 that we will be able to obtain appropriate financing from third
 parties even in light of the current market conditions;
 nevertheless, changes in our credit ratings, deterioration in
 our business performance, or adverse changes in the economy
 could limit our ability to obtain financing from debt or capital
 sources or could adversely affect the terms on which we may be
 able to obtain capital, which could unfavorably affect our net
 revenue and profitability. See “Part II —
 Item 7 — Management’s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations — Liquidity and Capital
 Commitments — Liquidity.”

 • 

 We face risks relating to our internal
 controls.  If management is not successful in
 maintaining a strong internal control environment, material
 weaknesses could reoccur, causing investors to lose confidence
 in our reported financial information. This could lead to a
 decline in our stock price, limit our ability to access the
 capital markets in the future, and require us to incur
 additional costs to improve our internal control systems and
 procedures.

 12

Table of Contents

 • 

 Unfavorable results of legal proceedings could harm our
 business and result in substantial costs.  We are
 involved in various claims, suits, investigations, and legal
 proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course
 of our business and that are not yet resolved, including those
 that are set forth under Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements included in “Part II —
 Item 8 — Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data.” Additional legal claims or regulatory matters may
 arise in the future and could involve stockholder, consumer,
 antitrust, tax and other issues on a global basis. Litigation is
 inherently unpredictable. Regardless of the merit of the claims,
 litigation may be both time-consuming and disruptive to our
 business. Therefore, we could incur judgments or enter into
 settlements of claims that could adversely affect our operating
 results or cash flows in a particular period. For example, we
 could be exposed to enforcement or other actions with respect to
 the continuing SEC investigation into certain accounting and
 financial reporting matters. In addition, if any infringement or
 other intellectual property claim made against us by any third
 party is successful, or if we fail to develop non-infringing
 technology or license the proprietary rights on commercially
 reasonable terms and conditions, our business, operating
 results, and financial condition could be materially and
 adversely affected.

 • 

 The acquisition of other companies may present new
 risks.  We acquire companies as a part of our
 overall growth strategy. These acquisitions may involve
 significant new risks and uncertainties, including distraction
 of management attention away from our current business
 operations, insufficient new revenue to offset expenses,
 inadequate return of capital, integration challenges, new
 regulatory requirements, and issues not discovered in our due
 diligence process. No assurance can be given that such
 acquisitions will be successful and will not adversely affect
 our profitability or operations.

 • 

 Failure to properly manage the distribution of our products
 and services may result in reduced revenue and
 profitability.  We use a variety of distribution
 methods to sell our products and services, including directly to
 customers and through select retailers and third-party
 value-added resellers. As we reach more customers worldwide
 through an increasing number of new distribution channels, such
 as consumer retail, and continue to expand our relationships
 with value-added resellers, inventory management becomes more
 challenging and successful demand forecasting becomes more
 difficult. Our inability to properly manage and balance
 inventory levels and potential conflicts among these various
 distribution methods could harm our operating results.

 • 

 If our cost cutting measures are not successful, we may
 become less competitive.  A variety of factors
 could prevent us from achieving our goal of better aligning our
 product and service offerings and cost structure with customer
 needs in the current business environment through reducing our
 operating expenses; reducing total costs in procurement, product
 design, and transformation; simplifying our structure; and
 eliminating redundancies. For example, we may experience delays
 in the anticipated timing of activities related to our cost
 savings plans and higher than expected or unanticipated costs to
 implement them. As a result, we may not achieve our expected
 cost savings in the time anticipated, or at all. In such case,
 our results of operations and profitability may be negatively
 impaired, making us less competitive and potentially causing us
 to lose market share.

 • 

 Failure to effectively hedge our exposure to fluctuations in
 foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates could
 unfavorably affect our performance.  We utilize
 derivative instruments to hedge our exposure to fluctuations in
 foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. Some of
 these instruments and contracts may involve elements of market
 and credit risk in excess of the amounts recognized in our
 financial statements.

 • 

 We are subject to counterparty default
 risks.  We enter into numerous financing
 arrangements, including foreign currency option contracts and
 forward contracts, with a wide array of bank counterparties. As
 a result, we are subject to the risk that the counterparty to
 one or more of these contracts defaults, either voluntarily or
 involuntarily, on its performance under the contract. In times
 of market distress, a counterparty may default rapidly and
 without notice to us, and we may be unable to take action to
 cover our exposure, either because we lack the contractual
 ability or because market conditions make it difficult to take
 effective action. In the event of a counterparty default, we
 could incur significant losses, which could harm our business,
 results of operations, and financial condition. In the event
 that one of our counterparties becomes insolvent or files for
 bankruptcy, our ability to eventually recover any losses
 suffered as a result of that counterparty’s default may be
 limited by the liquidity of the counterparty or the applicable
 legal regime governing the bankruptcy proceeding. In addition,
 our deposits at financial institutions are at risk. As of
 January 30, 2009, approximately 25% of our cash and cash
 equivalents were deposited with two large financial institutions
 rated AA and A. If an institution which is holding our deposits
 fails, we could lose all uninsured funds in those accounts.

 • 

 Our continued business success may depend on obtaining
 licenses to intellectual property developed by others on
 commercially reasonable and competitive terms.  If
 we or our suppliers are unable to obtain desirable technology
 licenses, we may be prevented from marketing products; could be
 forced to market products without desirable features; or could
 incur substantial costs to redesign products, defend legal
 actions, or pay damages. While our suppliers may be
 contractually obligated to obtain such licenses and indemnify us
 against such expenses, those suppliers could be unable to meet
 their obligations. In addition, our operating costs could
 increase because of copyright levies or similar fees by rights
 holders and collection agencies in European and other countries.
 For a

 13

Table of Contents

 description of potential claims related to copyright levies, see
 Note 10 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements
 included in “Part II —
 Item 8 — Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data — Legal Matters — Copyright
 Levies.”

 • 

 Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain, and
 motivate our key employees.  We rely on key
 personnel to support anticipated continued rapid international
 growth and increasingly complex product and service offerings.
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to attract,
 retain, and motivate the key professional, technical, marketing,
 and staff resources we need.

 • 

 Loss of government contracts could harm our
 business.  Government contracts are subject to
 future funding that may affect the extension or termination of
 programs and are subject to the right of the government to
 terminate for convenience or non-appropriation. In addition, if
 we violate legal or regulatory requirements, the government
 could suspend or disbar us as a contractor, which would
 unfavorably affect our net revenue and profitability.

 • 

 The expiration of tax holidays or favorable tax rate
 structures, or unfavorable outcomes in tax compliance and
 regulatory matters, could result in an increase of our effective
 tax rate in the future.  Portions of our
 operations are subject to a reduced tax rate or are free of tax
 under various tax holidays that expire in whole or in part
 during Fiscal 2010 through Fiscal 2018. Many of these holidays
 may be extended when certain conditions are met, or terminated
 if certain conditions are not met. If they are not extended, or
 if we fail to satisfy the conditions of the reduced tax rate,
 then our effective tax rate would increase in the future. Our
 effective tax rate could also increase if our geographic sales
 mix changes. We are under audit in various tax jurisdictions. An
 unfavorable outcome in certain of these matters could result in
 a substantial increase to our tax expense. In addition, changes
 in tax laws (including U.S. taxes on foreign operations)
 could adversely affect our operations and profitability.

 • 

 Current environmental laws, or laws enacted in the future,
 may harm our business.  Our operations are subject
 to environmental regulation in all of the areas in which we
 conduct business. Our product design and procurement operations
 must comply with new and future requirements relating to the
 materials composition, energy efficiency and collection,
 recycling, treatment, and disposal of our electronics products,
 including restrictions on lead, cadmium, and other substances.
 If we fail to comply with the rules and regulations regarding
 the use and sale of such regulated substances, we could be
 subject to liability. While we do not expect that the impact of
 these environmental laws and other similar legislation adopted
 in the U.S. and other countries will have a substantial
 unfavorable impact on our business, the costs and timing of
 costs under environmental laws are difficult to predict.

 • 

 Armed hostilities, terrorism, natural disasters, or public
 health issues could harm our business.  Armed
 hostilities, terrorism, natural disasters, or public health
 issues, whether in the U.S. or abroad, could cause damage
 or disruption to us, our suppliers or customers, or could create
 political or economic instability, any of which could harm our
 business. These events could cause a decrease in demand for our
 products, could make it difficult or impossible for us to
 deliver products or for our suppliers to deliver components, and
 could create delays and inefficiencies in our supply chain.