.”

 All percentage amounts and ratios were calculated using
 the underlying data in thousands. Unless otherwise noted, all
 references to industry share and total industry growth data are
 for personal computers (including desktops, notebooks, and x86
 servers), and are based on information provided by IDC Worldwide
 Quarterly PC Tracker, September 2007. Share data is for the full
 calendar year and all our growth rates are on a fiscal
 year-over-year basis. Unless otherwise noted, all references to
 time periods refer to our fiscal periods.

 Special Note

 Along with this report, we are filing our amended quarterly
 report for the first quarter of Fiscal 2007 and our delayed
 quarterly reports for the second and third quarters of Fiscal
 2007 and the first and second quarters of Fiscal 2008. These
 reports were amended or delayed due to questions raised in an
 independent investigation into certain accounting and financial
 reporting matters conducted by our Audit Committee. That
 investigation has been completed, and the investigator has
 reported the results to the Audit Committee. As a result of
 issues identified in that investigation, as well as issues
 identified in additional reviews and procedures conducted by
 management, the Audit Committee, in consultation with management
 and PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered
 public accounting firm, concluded on August 13, 2007 that
 our previously issued financial statements for Fiscal 2003,
 2004, 2005, and 2006 (including the interim periods within those
 years), and the first quarter of Fiscal 2007, should no longer
 be relied upon because of certain accounting errors and
 irregularities in those financial statements. Accordingly, we
 have restated our previously issued financial statements for
 those periods. The adjustments made as a result of the
 restatement are more fully discussed in Note 2 of Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements included in
 “Part II — Item 8 — Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data,” and the cumulative
 impact of the restated financial results at the beginning of
 Fiscal 2003 is presented in “Part II —
 Item 6 — Selected Financial Data.” For
 additional discussion of the investigation, the accounting
 errors and irregularities identified, and the restatement
 adjustments, see “Part II —
 Item 7 — Management’s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations — Audit Committee Independent Investigation
 and Restatement” and Note 2 of Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements included in “Part II —
 Item 8 — Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data.” For a description of the control deficiencies
 identified by management as a result of the investigation and
 our internal reviews, and management’s plan to remediate
 those deficiencies, see “Part II —
 Item 9A — Controls and Procedures.”

PART I

ITEM 1 — BUSINESS

 General

 Dell listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and
 services they trust and value. As a leading technology company,
 we offer a broad range of product categories, including desktop
 computer systems, storage, servers and networking products,
 mobility products, software and peripherals, and enhanced
 services. We are the number one supplier of personal computer
 systems in the United States, and the number two supplier
 worldwide.

 Our company is a Delaware corporation and was founded in 1984 by
 Michael Dell on a simple concept: by selling computer systems
 directly to customers, we can best understand their needs and
 efficiently provide the most effective computing solutions to
 meet those needs. Our corporate headquarters are located in

 1

Table of Contents

 Round Rock, Texas, and we conduct operations worldwide through
 subsidiaries. When we refer to our company and its business in
 this report, we are referring to the business and activities of
 our consolidated subsidiaries. We operate principally in one
 industry, and we manage our business in three geographic
 regions: the Americas; Europe, Middle East and Africa
 (“EMEA”); and Asia Pacific-Japan (“APJ”).
 See “Part I — Item 1 —
 Business — Geographic Areas of Operations.”

 We are committed to managing and operating our business in a
 responsible and sustainable manner around the globe. This
 includes our commitment to environmental responsibility in all
 areas of our business. We recently set an ambitious long-term
 goal to be the “greenest technology company on the
 planet,” and have a number of efforts that take the
 environment into account at every stage of the product
 lifecycle. See “Part I —
 Item 1— Business — Sustainability.”

 This also includes our renewed focus on achieving and
 maintaining a strong control environment, high ethical
 standards, and financial reporting integrity. See
 “Part II — Item 9A — Controls
 and Procedures.”

 Business
 Strategy

 Our business strategy is evolving as we combine our direct
 customer model with relevant technologies and solutions, highly
 efficient manufacturing and logistics, and new distribution
 channels to reach commercial customers and individual consumers
 around the world. Using this strategy, we strive to provide the
 best possible customer experience by offering superior value;
 high-quality, relevant technology; customized systems; superior
 service and support; and differentiated products and services
 that are easy to buy and use. Historically, our growth has been
 driven organically from our core businesses. Recently, we have
 begun to pursue a targeted acquisition strategy designed to
 augment areas of our business to gain more access to products,
 services, and technology that our customers value.

 Our core values include the following:

 • 

 We simplify information technology for
 customers. Making quality personal computers, servers,
 storage, and services affordable is Dell’s legacy. We are
 focused on making information technology affordable for millions
 of customers around the world. As a result of our direct
 relationships with customers, or “customer intimacy,”
 we are best positioned to simplify how customers implement and
 maintain information technology and deliver hardware, services,
 and software solutions tailored for their businesses and homes.

 • 

 We offer customers choice. Customers can purchase
 systems and services from Dell via telephone, kiosks, and our
 website, www.dell.com, where they may review, configure, and
 price systems within our entire product line; order systems
 online; and track orders from manufacturing through shipping.
 Customers may offer suggestions for current and future Dell
 products and services through an interactive portion of our
 website called Dell IdeaStorm. Commercial customers also can
 interact with dedicated account teams. We have recently launched
 a retail initiative and plan to expand that initiative by adding
 new distribution channels to reach additional consumers and
 small businesses through retail partners and value-added
 resellers globally.

 • 

 Customers can purchase custom-built products and
 custom-tailored services. Historically our flexible,
 build-to-order manufacturing process enabled us to turn over
 inventory every five days on average, thereby reducing inventory
 levels, and rapidly bring the latest technology to our
 customers. The market and our competition has evolved, and we
 are now exploring the utilization of original design
 manufacturers and new distribution strategies to better meet
 customer needs and reduce product cycle times. Our goal is to
 introduce the latest relevant technology more quickly and to
 rapidly pass on component cost savings to a broader set of our
 customers worldwide.

 • 

 We are committed to being environmentally responsible in all
 areas of our business. We have built environmental
 consideration into every stage of the Dell product life
 cycle — from developing and designing energy-efficient
 products, to reducing the footprint of our manufacturing and
 operations, to customer use and product recovery.

 2

Table of Contents

 Product
 Development

 We focus on developing standards-based technologies that
 incorporate highly desirable features and capabilities at
 competitive prices. We employ a collaborative approach to
 product design and development, where our engineers, with direct
 customer input, design innovative solutions and work with a
 global network of technology companies to architect new system
 designs, influence the direction of future development, and
 integrate new technologies into our products. Through this
 collaborative, customer-focused approach, we strive to deliver
 new and relevant products and services to the market quickly and
 efficiently. Our research, development, and engineering expenses
 were $498 million for Fiscal 2007, $458 million for
 Fiscal 2006, and $460 million for Fiscal 2005.

 Products and
 Services

 We design, develop, manufacture, market, sell, and support a
 wide range of products that in many cases are customized to
 individual customer requirements. Our product categories include
 desktop computer systems, servers and networking products,
 storage, mobility products, and software and peripherals. In
 addition, we offer a wide range of enhanced services. See
 “Part II — Item 7 —
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations — Revenue by Product and
 Service Categories” and Note 10 of Notes to
 Consolidated Financial Statements included in
 “Part II — Item 8 — Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data.”

 • 

 Desktop PCs — Our customers can select from
 five lines of desktop computer systems. The
 OptiPlex
tm

 line is designed to help business, government, and institutional
 customers manage their total cost of ownership by offering
 stability, security, and managed product transitions. The
 Dimension
tm

 line is designed for small businesses and home users requiring
 the latest features for their productivity and entertainment
 needs. The
 XPS
tm

 and Alienware lines are targeted at customers who require the
 highest performance gaming or entertainment experience
 available. In July 2007, we introduced the
 Vostro
tm

 line, which is designed to provide technology and services to
 suit the specific needs of small businesses.

 Dell
 Precisiontm

 and Alienware
 MJ-12
®
 workstations are intended for professional users who demand
 exceptional performance from hardware platforms optimized and
 certified to run sophisticated applications, such as
 three-dimensional computer-aided design, digital content
 creation, geographic information systems, computer animation,
 software development, computer-aided engineering, game
 development, and financial analysis.

 • 

 Servers and Networking — Our standards-based
 PowerEdge
tm

 line of servers is designed to offer customers affordable
 performance, reliability, and scalability. Options include high
 performance rack, blade, and tower servers for enterprise
 customers and aggressively priced tower servers for small
 organizations, networks, and remote offices.

 Our
 PowerConnecttm

 switches connect computers and servers in small-to-medium-sized
 networks.
 PowerConnect
tm

 products offer customers enterprise-class features and
 reliability at a low cost.

 • 

 Storage — We offer a comprehensive portfolio of
 advanced storage solutions, including storage area networks,
 network-attached storage, direct-attached storage, disk and tape
 backup systems, and removable disk backup. With our advanced
 storage solutions for mainstream buyers, we offer customers
 functionality and value while reducing complexity in the
 enterprise. Our storage systems are easy to deploy, manage, and
 maintain. The flexibility and scalability offered by
 Dell | EMC and Dell
 PowerVault
tm

 storage systems helps organizations optimize storage for diverse
 environments with varied requirements.

 • 

 Mobility — The
 XPS
tm

 and Alienware lines of notebook computers are targeted at
 customers who require the highest performance gaming or
 entertainment experience available. In Fiscal 2007, we
 introduced the XPS M2010, an innovative mobile platform
 featuring a

20-inch high
 definition display that received awards for its unique design.
 The
 Latitude
tm

 line is designed to help business, government, and institutional
 customers manage their total cost of ownership through managed
 product lifecycles and the latest offerings in performance,
 security, and communications. The
 Inspiron
tm

 line is targeted at

 3

Table of Contents

 consumers desiring the latest technology in a range of form
 factors to meet different usage needs. The new
 Vostrotm

 line, introduced in July 2007, is designed to customize
 technology, services, and expertise to suit the specific needs
 of small businesses.

 • 

 Software and Peripherals — We offer
 Dell-branded printers and displays and a multitude of
 competitively priced third-party peripheral products, including
 software titles, printers, televisions, notebook accessories,
 networking and wireless products, digital cameras, power
 adapters, scanners, and other products.

 - 

 Software. We sell a wide range of third-party
 software products, including operating systems, business and
 office applications, anti-virus and related security software,
 entertainment software, and products in various other categories.

 - 

 Printers. We offer a wide array of Dell-branded
 printers, ranging from ink-jet

all-in-one
 printers for consumers to large multifunction devices for
 corporate workgroups. Our printer product line is focused on
 making printing easier to buy, own, and use. All of our printers
 feature the Dell Ink and Toner Management
 System
tm
,
 which simplifies the purchasing process for supplies by
 displaying ink or toner levels on the status window during every
 print job and proactively prompting users to order replacement
 cartridges directly from Dell.

 - 

 Displays. We offer a broad line of branded and
 non-branded display products, including flat panel monitors and
 projectors. In Fiscal 2007, we continued our leadership position
 in the flat panel monitor category with the introductions of new
 Dell 22-, 24-, 27-, and

30-inch wide
 screens. The Dell projector line was expanded with the
 introductions of the 1200MP, 1800MP, and 2400MP projectors. We
 are no longer developing Dell-branded TV’s and will
 continue to sell our current models through the end of Fiscal
 2008. We have, however, introduced several third-party LCD TV
 offerings this year.

 • 

 Enhanced Services —  Leveraging our experience
 and expertise in lowering the cost of hardware, providing
 industry leading value, and simplifying the ability of customers
 to acquire and maintain systems, our global services business
 offers a full range of flexible, tailored solutions that help
 customers lower the cost of their services environment and
 maximize system performance, efficiency, and return on
 investment.

 - 

 Infrastructure Consulting Services. We provide a
 customer-focused approach to designing and implementing
 non-proprietary standards-based infrastructures to enhance
 performance, scalability, and efficiency while helping to
 minimize expenses and disruption to business operations.

 - 

 Deployment Services. Our deployment services can
 simplify and accelerate the deployment and utilization of new
 systems in customers’ information technology environments.
 We offer scalable processes and technology to get our systems up
 and running quickly
.

 - 

 Asset Recovery and Recycling Services. We offer
 capabilities for secure and environmentally safe recovery and
 disposal of owned and leased information technology equipment.
 Various options, including resale, recycling, donation,
 redeployment, employee purchase, and lease return, help
 customers retain value while avoiding regulatory fines and
 storage costs.

 - 

 Training Services. We help customers develop the
 skills that increase productivity with a comprehensive and
 flexible suite of training services. Courses include hardware
 and software training as well as PC skills and professional
 development classes available through instructor-led, virtual,
 or self-directed online courses. The courses are designed for
 all skill levels and range from personal finance to business
 productivity to IT certification.

 - 

 Enterprise Support Services. We help customers
 obtain maximum performance and availability from their server
 and storage systems. We operate Global Command Centers in the
 U.S., Ireland, China, Japan, and Malaysia to provide rapid,
 around-the-clock support for critical enterprise systems. Our
 enterprise support services include warranty services and
 provide proactive maintenance to help prevent problems as well
 as rapid response and resolution of problems when they do occur.

 4

Table of Contents

 - 

 Client Support Services. Our suite of scalable
 support services is designed for IT professionals and end-users
 whose needs range from basic phone support to rapid response and
 resolution of complex problems. We offer flexible levels of
 support that help keep desktop and notebook PCs up and running
 so customers remain productive.

 - 

 Managed Lifecycle Services. We offer a full suite of
 services for companies who need to outsource all or part of
 their IT management. From planning to deployment to ongoing
 technical support, we can deliver the services our customers
 need when they need them. Our Managed Lifecycle Services are
 modular in nature so that customers can customize a plan based
 on their current and future needs. We can manage a portion of
 their IT tasks or provide an end-to-end solution.

 Financial
 Services

 We offer various customer financial services for our business
 and consumer customers in the U.S. through Dell Financial
 Services L.P. (“DFS”), a joint venture between Dell
 and CIT Group, Inc. Financing through DFS is one of many sources
 of funding that our customers may select. For additional
 information about our financing arrangements, see
 “Part II — Item 7 —
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations — Off-Balance Sheet
 Arrangements” and Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements included in “Part II —
 Item 8 — Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data.”

 Sales and
 Marketing

 We sell our products and services directly to customers through
 dedicated sales representatives, telephone-based sales, and
 online at www.dell.com. Our customers include large corporate,
 government, healthcare, and education accounts, as well as
 small-to-medium businesses and individual consumers. Within each
 of our geographic regions, we have divided our sales and
 marketing resources among these various customer groups. No
 single customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated
 net revenue during any of the last three fiscal years.

 Our sales and marketing efforts are organized around the needs,
 trends, and characteristics of our customers. Our direct
 business model provides direct and continuous feedback from
 customers, thereby allowing us to develop and refine our
 products and marketing programs for specific customer groups.
 Customers may offer suggestions for current and future Dell
 products, services, and operations on an interactive portion of
 our website called Dell IdeaStorm. This constant flow of
 communication, which is unique to our direct business model,
 also allows us to rapidly gauge customer satisfaction and target
 new or existing products.

 For large business and institutional customers, we maintain a
 field sales force throughout the world. Dedicated account teams,
 which include field-based system engineers and consultants, form
 long-term relationships to provide our largest customers with a
 single source of assistance and develop specific tailored
 solutions for these customers. For large, multinational
 customers, we offer several programs designed to provide single
 points of contact and accountability with global account
 specialists, special global pricing, consistent service and
 support programs across global regions, and access to central
 purchasing facilities. We also maintain specific sales and
 marketing programs targeted at federal, state, and local
 governmental agencies as well as specific healthcare and
 educational markets.

 We market our products and services to small-to-medium
 businesses and consumers primarily by advertising on television
 and the Internet, advertising in a variety of print media, and
 by mailing a broad range of direct marketing publications, such
 as promotional pieces, catalogs, and customer newsletters. In
 certain locations, we also operate Dell stores or kiosks,
 typically located within shopping centers, that allow customers
 to view our products in person and purchase online with the
 assistance of a Dell expert.

 Although the focus of our business strategy is selling directly
 to customers, we also utilize some indirect sales channels when
 there is a business need. In the U.S. we sell products
 indirectly through third-party solution providers, system
 integrators, and third-party resellers. During Fiscal 2008, we
 began offering Dell

 5

Table of Contents

 Dimensiontm

 desktop computers and
 Inspiron
tm

 notebook computers in retail stores in the Americas and
 announced partnerships with retailers in the U.K., Japan, and
 China. These actions represent the first steps in our retail
 strategy, which will allow us to extend our business model and
 reach customers that we have not been able to reach directly.
 Outside the U.S., we sell products indirectly through selected
 partners to benefit from the partner’s existing customer
 relationships and valuable knowledge of traditional customs and
 logistics in the country, to mitigate credit and country risk,
 and because sales in some countries may be too small to warrant
 a direct sales business unit.

 Competition

 We face intense price and product feature competition from
 branded and generic competitors when selling our products and
 services. In addition to several large branded companies, there
 are other smaller branded and generic competitors. Historically,
 we competed primarily based on the customer value that a direct
 relationship can bring, technology, performance, customer
 service, quality, and reliability. Our general practice is to
 rapidly pass on cost declines to our customers to enhance
 customer value.

 As a result of the intensely competitive environment during
 Fiscal 2007, as well as our decisions to de-emphasize lower
 priced, entry-level products, we lost 1.1 points of share
 during calendar 2006, finishing the year as the number two
 supplier of personal computer systems worldwide and the number
 one supplier in the U.S. This was principally the result of
 share loss in the U.S. Consumer segment.

 We expect that the competitive pricing environment will continue
 to be challenging. However, we believe that the strength of our
 evolving business strategy and indirect distribution channels,
 as well as our strong liquidity position, makes us well
 positioned to continue profitable growth over the long term in
 any business climate. For consumers, we recognize the increasing
 importance of product “ID,” which is the appearance,
 ease of use, and ability to interact with peripheral products
 like cameras and MP3 players, and are focusing more resources on
 being competitive in this area.

 Manufacturing and
 Materials

 We manufacture most of the products we sell and have
 manufacturing locations worldwide to service our global customer
 base. See “Part I — Item 2 —