Our business, operating results, financial condition and
 prospects are subject to a variety of significant risks, many of
 which are beyond our control. The following is a description of
 some of the important risk factors that may cause our actual
 results in future periods to differ substantially from those we
 currently expect or seek.

 •  

 We face intense competition, which may adversely affect our
 industry unit share position, revenue, and profitability.

 We operate in an industry in which there are rapid technological
 advances in hardware, software, and service offerings, and we
 face aggressive product and price competition from both branded
 and generic competitors. We compete based on our ability to
 offer to our customers competitive open, capable,

 12

Table of Contents

 affordable, and integrated solutions that provide the most
 current and desired product and services features. We expect
 that competition will continue to be intense, and there is a
 risk our competitors’ products may be less costly, provide
 better performance or include additional features when compared
 to our products. Moreover, our efforts to balance our mix of
 products and services to optimize profitability, liquidity, and
 growth may put pressure on our industry unit share position.

 In addition to competitive factors we face as a result of the
 current state of our business and our industry, we confront
 additional competitive challenges as our business and industry
 continue to grow and evolve. As we expand globally, we may see
 new and increased competition in different geographic regions.
 Moreover, the generally low barriers to entry in our business
 increase the potential for challenges from new industry
 competitors. We may also see increased competition from new
 types of products as the options for mobile and cloud computing
 solutions increase. Further, as our industry evolves and our
 company grows, companies with which we have strategic alliances
 may become competitors in other product areas or our current
 competitors may enter into new strategic relationships with new
 or existing competitors, all of which may further increase the
 competitive pressures we face.

 •  

 If our cost efficiency measures are not successful, we may
 become less competitive.

 We continue to focus on minimizing our operating expenses
 through cost improvements and simplifying our structure.
 However, certain factors may prevent the achievement of these
 goals, which may in turn negatively affect our competitive
 position. For example, we may experience delays or unanticipated
 costs in implementing our cost efficiency plans. As a result, we
 may not achieve our expected cost efficiencies in the time
 anticipated, or at all.

 •  

 We may not successfully execute our growth strategy if we
 fail to manage effectively the change involved in implementing
 our strategic initiatives.

 Our growth strategy involves reaching more customers through new
 distribution channels, expanding our relationships with
 resellers, and augmenting select areas of our business through
 targeted acquisitions and other commercial arrangements. As we
 reach more customers through new distribution channels and
 expanded reseller relationships, we may fail to manage in an
 effective manner the increasingly difficult tasks of inventory
 management and demand forecasting. Our ability to accomplish the
 goals of our growth strategy depends on our success in
 transitioning our sales capabilities in accordance with our
 strategy, adding to the breadth of our higher margin offerings
 through selective acquisitions of other businesses, and managing
 the effects of these strategic initiatives. If we are unable to
 meet these challenges, our results of operations could be
 unfavorably affected.

 •  

 Our inability to manage solutions, product, and services
 transitions in an effective manner could reduce the demand for
 our solutions, products and services and the profitability of
 our operations.

 Continuing improvements in technology result in frequent new
 solutions, product, and services introductions, short product
 life cycles, and improvements in product performance
 characteristics. If we cannot manage in an effective manner the
 transition to new solutions offerings and these offerings’
 new products and services, customer demand for our solutions,
 products and services could diminish and our profitability could
 suffer. We are increasingly sourcing new products and
 transitioning existing products through our contract
 manufacturers and manufacturing outsourcing relationships in
 order to generate cost efficiencies, deliver products faster,
 and better serve our customers. The success of product
 transitions depends on a number of factors that include the
 availability of sufficient quantities of components at
 attractive costs. In addition, product transitions present
 execution challenges and risks, including the risk that new or
 upgraded products may have quality issues or other defects.

 •  

 Adverse global economic conditions and instability in
 financial markets may harm our business and result in reduced
 net revenue and profitability.

 As a global company with customers in virtually every business
 and industry, our performance depends significantly on global
 economic conditions. Adverse economic conditions may negatively
 affect customer demand for our products and services and result
 in postponed or decreased spending amid customer

 13

Table of Contents

 concerns over unemployment, reduced asset values, volatile
 energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability and cost of
 credit, and the stability and solvency of financial
 institutions, financial markets, businesses, local and state
 governments, and sovereign nations. Weak global economic
 conditions also could harm our business by contributing to
 potential product shortages or delays, insolvency of key
 suppliers, potential customer and counterparty insolvencies, and
 increased challenges in conducting our treasury operations. All
 of these possible effects of weak global economic conditions
 could negatively impact our net revenue and profitability.

 •  

 Our ability to generate substantial
 non-U.S. net
 revenue is subject to additional risks and uncertainties.

 Sales outside the U.S. accounted for approximately 48% of
 our consolidated net revenue for Fiscal 2011. Our future growth
 rates and success are substantially dependent on continued
 growth of our business outside the U.S., including in the key
 emerging countries of Brazil, Russia, India, and China. Our
 international operations face many risks and uncertainties,
 including varied local economic and labor conditions, political
 instability, changes in those regulatory environments, trade
 protection measures, tax laws (including U.S. taxes on
 foreign operations), copyright levies, and foreign currency
 exchange rates. Any of these factors could adversely affect our
 operations and profitability.

 •  

 Weak economic conditions and additional regulation could harm
 our financial services activities.

 Our financial services activities are negatively affected by an
 adverse economic environment through related loan delinquencies
 and defaults. Although loan delinquencies and defaults continue
 to slow from higher levels in recent periods, an increase in
 defaults would result in greater net credit losses, which may
 require us to increase our reserves for customer receivables in
 the future. In addition, the implementation of new financial
 services regulation could unfavorably impact the profitability
 and cash flows of our consumer financing activities.

 •  

 If we fail to achieve favorable pricing from our vendors, our
 profitability could be adversely affected.

 Our profitability is affected by our ability to achieve
 favorable pricing from our vendors and contract manufacturers,
 including through negotiations for vendor rebates, marketing
 funds, and other vendor funding received in the normal course of
 business. Because these supplier negotiations are continuous and
 reflect the ongoing competitive environment, the variability in
 timing and amount of incremental vendor discounts and rebates
 can affect our profitability. These vendor programs may change
 periodically, potentially resulting in adverse profitability
 trends if we cannot adjust pricing or cost variables. Our
 inability to establish a cost and product advantage, or
 determine alternative means to deliver value to our customers,
 may adversely affect our industry unit share position, revenue,
 and profitability.

 •  

 If we fail to deliver consistent quality products and
 services, demand for our products and profits could be
 negatively impacted.

 In selling our extensive line of products and services, many of
 which include third-party components, we must identify and
 address any quality issues associated with our offerings.
 Although quality testing is performed regularly to detect any
 quality problems and implement required solutions, our failure
 to identify and correct significant product quality issues
 before sale could result in lower sales, increased warranty or
 replacement expenses, and diminished customer confidence that
 could harm our operating results.

 •  

 Our reliance on vendors for products and components, many of
 whom are single-source or limited source suppliers, could harm
 our business by adversely affecting product availability,
 delivery, reliability and cost.

 We maintain several single-source or limited-source supplier
 relationships, either because multiple sources are not readily
 available or because the relationships are advantageous to us
 due to performance, quality, support, delivery, capacity, or
 price considerations. If the supply of a critical single- or
 limited-source product or component is delayed or curtailed, we
 may not be able to ship the related product in desired
 quantities and in a timely manner. Even where multiple sources
 of supply are available, qualification of the

 14

Table of Contents

 alternative suppliers and establishment of reliable supplies
 could result in delays and a possible loss of sales, which could
 harm our operating results.

 We obtain many of our products and all of our components from
 third-party vendors, many of which are located outside of the
 U.S. In addition, significant portions of the products we
 sell are now assembled by contract manufacturers, primarily in
 various parts of Asia. A significant concentration of this
 outsourced manufacturing is currently performed by only a few of
 our contract manufacturers, often in single locations. We sell
 components to these contract manufacturers and generate large
 non-trade accounts receivables, an arrangement that presents a
 risk of uncollectibility if the financial condition of a
 contract manufacturer should deteriorate.

 While these relationships generate cost efficiencies, they
 reduce our direct control over production. Our increasing
 reliance on these vendors subjects us to a greater risk of
 shortages, and reduced control over delivery schedules of
 components and products, as well as a greater risk of increases
 in product and component costs. Because we maintain minimal
 levels of component and product inventories, a disruption in
 component or product availability could harm our financial
 performance and our ability to satisfy customer needs. In
 addition, defective parts and products from these vendors could
 reduce product reliability and harm our reputation.

 •  

 We may not successfully implement our acquisition
 strategy.

 We acquire companies as a part of our growth strategy. These
 acquisitions may involve significant new risks and uncertainties
 that could adversely affect our profitability or operations,
 including distraction of management attention from a focus on
 our current business operations, insufficient new revenue to
 offset expenses, inadequate return of capital, integration
 challenges, retention of employees of acquired businesses, new
 regulatory requirements, and issues not discovered in our due
 diligence process. Further, our acquisitions may negatively
 impact our relationships with strategic partners if these
 acquisitions are seen as bringing us into competition with such
 partners. In addition, if we make changes in our business
 strategy or if external conditions adversely affect our business
 operations, we may be required to record an impairment charge
 for goodwill or intangibles, which would lead to decreased
 assets and reduced net operating performance.

 •  

 Our profitability may be adversely affected by our product,
 customer, and geographic sales mix and by seasonal sales
 trends.

 Our overall profitability for any particular period may be
 adversely affected by changes in the mix of products, customers,
 and geographic markets reflected in our sales for that period,
 as well as by seasonal trends. Our profit margins vary among
 products, services, customers, and geographic markets. For
 instance, our services offerings generally have a higher profit
 margin than our consumer products. In addition, parts of our
 business are subject to seasonal sales trends. Among the trends
 with the most significant impact on our operating results, sales
 to government customers (particularly the U.S. federal
 government) are typically stronger in our third fiscal quarter,
 sales in EMEA are often weaker in our third fiscal quarter, and
 consumer sales are typically strongest during our fourth fiscal
 quarter.

 •  

 Our financial performance could suffer from any reduced
 access to the capital markets by us or some of our customers.

 We are increasingly dependent on access to debt and capital
 sources to provide financing for our customers and to obtain
 funds in the U.S. for general corporate purposes, including
 working capital, acquisitions, capital expenditures, funding of
 customer receivables, and share repurchases. In addition, we
 have customer financing relationships with some companies that
 rely on access to the capital markets to meet significant
 funding needs. Any inability of these companies to access such
 markets could compel us to self-fund transactions with them or
 forego customer financing opportunities, potentially harming our
 financial performance. The debt and capital markets may
 experience extreme volatility and disruption from time to time
 in the future, resulting in higher credit spreads in the capital
 markets and higher funding costs for us. Deterioration in our
 business performance, a credit rating downgrade, volatility in
 the securitization markets, changes in financial services
 regulation or adverse changes in the economy could lead to

 15

Table of Contents

 reductions in debt availability and could limit our ability to
 continue asset securitizations or other financings from debt or
 capital sources, reduce the amount of financing receivables that
 we originate, or negatively affect the costs or terms on which
 we may be able to obtain capital. Any of these developments
 could unfavorably affect our net revenue, profitability, and
 cash flows.

 •  

 Loss of government contracts could harm our business.

 Contracts with the U.S. federal, state and local
 governments and foreign governments are subject to future
 funding that may affect the extension or termination of programs
 and are subject to the right of the government to terminate for
 convenience or non-appropriation. In addition, if we violate
 legal or regulatory requirements, the applicable government
 could suspend or disbar us as a contractor, which would
 unfavorably affect our net revenue and profitability.

 •  

 We are subject to the risk of temporary suspension or
 debarment from contracting with U.S. federal, state and
 local governments as a result of settlements of an SEC
 investigation by our company and our Chairman and CEO.

 As part of our settlements of the SEC investigation into certain
 disclosure, accounting and financial reporting matters, we and
 our Chairman and CEO consented, without admitting or denying the
 SEC’s allegations, to a permanent injunction against future
 violations of certain provisions of the federal securities laws.
 The existence and terms of such injunctions may adversely affect
 our business under contracts with U.S. federal, state and
 local governments. The procurement regulations of federal
 governmental agencies and many state and local governments with
 which we do business generally vest those governments with broad
 discretion to suspend or debar companies from product and
 services contracts for periods of generally up to three years if
 the governments determine that companies do not prospectively
 qualify as currently responsible contracting parties. The
 various levels of government could also require us to operate
 under special reporting and other compliance measures, which
 could increase our costs of performance under the applicable
 contracts.

 •  

 The exercise by customers of certain rights under our
 services contracts, or our failure to perform as we anticipate
 at the time we enter services contracts, could adversely affect
 our revenue and profitability.

 Many of our services contracts allow the customer to take the
 following actions that may adversely affect our revenue and
 profitability:

 •  

 Terminate the contract if our performance does not meet
 specified service levels

 •  

 Look to a benchmarker’s opinion of market rates in order to
 request a rate reduction or alternatively terminate the contract

 •  

 Reduce the customer’s use of our services and, as a result,
 reduce our fees

 •  

 Terminate the contract early upon payment of an agreed fee

 In addition, we estimate our costs to deliver the services at
 the outset of the contract. If we fail to estimate accurately,
 our actual costs may significantly exceed our estimates, even
 for a time and materials contract, and we may incur losses on
 the services contracts.

 •  

 Our business could suffer if we do not develop and protect
 our own intellectual property or do not obtain or protect
 licenses to intellectual property developed by others on
 commercially reasonable and competitive terms.

 If we or our suppliers are unable to develop or protect
 desirable technology or technology licenses, we may be prevented
 from marketing products, could be forced to market products
 without desirable features, or could incur substantial costs to
 redesign products, defend or enforce legal actions, or pay
 damages. Although our suppliers might be contractually obligated
 to obtain or protect such licenses and indemnify us against
 related expenses, those suppliers could be unable to meet their
 obligations. Similarly, we invest in research and development
 and obtain additional intellectual property through
 acquisitions, but these activities do not guarantee that we will
 develop or obtain intellectual property necessary for profitable

 16

Table of Contents

 operations. Costs involved in developing and protecting rights
 in intellectual property may have a negative impact on our
 business. In addition, our operating costs could increase
 because of copyright levies or similar fees by rights holders
 and collection agencies in European and other countries.

 •  

 Infrastructure disruptions or breaches of data security could
 harm our business.

 We depend on our information technology and manufacturing
 infrastructure to achieve our business objectives. If a
 disruption impairs our infrastructure, such as one caused by a
 computer virus, natural disaster, manufacturing failure,
 telecommunications system failure, defective or improperly
 installed new or upgraded business management systems, or
 intentional tampering or data-breach by a third party, we may be
 unable to receive or process orders, manufacture and ship
 products in a timely manner, or otherwise conduct our business
 in the normal course. Moreover, portions of our services
 business involve the processing, storage, and transmission of
 data, which would also be negatively affected by such an event.
 A disruption could cause us to lose customers and revenue,
 particularly during a period of disproportionately heavy demand,
 and could result in the loss or unintentional disclosure of
 company or customer information and could damage our reputation.
 We also could incur significant expense in remediating these
 problems and in addressing related data security and privacy
 concerns.

 •  

 Our performance could be adversely affected by our failure to
 hedge effectively our exposure to fluctuations in foreign
 currency exchange rates and interest rates.

 We utilize derivative instruments to hedge our exposure to
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest
 rates. Some of these instruments and contracts may involve
 elements of market and credit risk in excess of the amounts
 recognized in our financial statements. If we are not successful
 in monitoring our foreign exchange exposures and conducting an
 effective hedging program, our foreign currency hedging
 activities may not offset the impact of fluctuations in currency
 exchange rates on our future results of operations and financial
 position.

 •  

 We are subject to counterparty default risks.

 We have numerous arrangements with financial institutions that
 include cash and investment deposits, interest rate swap
 contracts, foreign currency option contracts, and forward
 contracts. As a result, we are subject to the risk that the
 counterparty to one or more of these arrangements will default,
 either voluntarily or involuntarily, on its performance under
 the terms of the arrangement. In times of market distress, a
 counterparty may default rapidly and without notice to us, and
 we may be unable to take action to cover our exposure, either
 because we lack the contractual ability or because market
 conditions make it difficult to take effective action. If one of
 our counterparties becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy,
 our ability eventually to recover any losses suffered as a
 result of that counterparty’s default may be limited by the
 liquidity of the counterparty or the applicable legal regime
 governing the bankruptcy proceeding. In the event of such
 default, we could incur significant losses, which could harm our
 business, results of operations, and financial condition.

 •  

 Unfavorable results of legal proceedings could harm our
 business and result in substantial costs.

 We are involved in various claims, suits, investigations, and
 legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary
 course of our business, including those described elsewhere in
 this report. Additional legal claims or regulatory matters may
 arise in the future and could involve stockholder, consumer,
 government regulatory and compliance, intellectual property,
 antitrust, tax, and other issues on a global basis. Litigation
 is inherently unpredictable. Regardless of the merit of the
 claims, litigation may be both time-consuming and disruptive to
 our business. We could incur judgments or enter into settlements
 of claims that could adversely affect our operating results or
 cash flows in a particular period. In addition, our business,
 operating results, and financial condition could be adversely
 affected if any infringement or other intellectual property
 claim made against us by any third party is successful, or if we
 fail to develop non-infringing technology or license the
 proprietary rights on commercially reasonable terms and
 conditions.

 17

Table of Contents

 •  

 The expiration of tax holidays or favorable tax rate
 structures, or unfavorable outcomes in tax audits and other tax
 compliance matters, could result in an increase in our current
 tax expense or our effective income tax rate in the future.

 Portions of our operations are subject to a reduced tax rate or
 are free of tax under various tax holidays that expire in whole
 or in part from time to time. Many of these holidays may be
 extended when certain conditions are met, or terminated if
 certain conditions are not met. If the tax holidays are not
 extended, or if we fail to satisfy the conditions of the reduced
 tax rate, then our effective tax rate would increase in the
 future. Our effective tax rate could also increase if our
 geographic sales mix changes. We are under audit in various tax
 jurisdictions. An unfavorable outcome in certain of these
 matters could result in a substantial increase to our tax
 expense. In addition, changes in tax laws (including
 U.S. taxes on foreign operations) could adversely affect
 our operations and profitability.

 •  

 Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain, and
 motivate our key employees.

 We rely on key personnel, including our CEO and executive
 leadership team, to support anticipated continued rapid
 international growth and increasingly complex product and
 services offerings. We may not be able to attract, retain, and
 motivate the key professional, technical, marketing, and staff
 resources we need.

 •  

 We face risks relating to any inability to maintain strong
 internal controls.

 If management is not successful in maintaining a strong internal
 control environment, investors could lose confidence in our
 reported financial information. This could lead to a decline in
 our stock price, limit our ability to access the capital markets
 in the future, and require us to incur additional costs to
 improve our internal control systems and procedures.

 •  

 Current environmental and safety laws, or laws enacted in the
 future, may harm our business.

 Our operations are subject to environmental and safety
 regulation in all of the areas in which we conduct business. Our
 product design and procurement operations must comply with new
 and future requirements relating to climate change laws and
 regulations, materials composition, sourcing, energy efficiency
 and collection, recycling, treatment, transportation and
 disposal of our electronics products, including restrictions on
 mercury, lead, cadmium, lithium metal, lithium ion and other
 substances. If we fail to comply with applicable rules and
 regulations regarding the transportation, source, use and sale
 of such regulated substances, we could be subject to liability.
 The costs and timing of costs under environmental and safety
 laws are difficult to predict, but could have an unfavorable
 impact on our business.

 •  

 Armed hostilities, terrorism, natural disasters, or public
 health issues could harm our business.

 Armed hostilities, terrorism, natural disasters, or public
 health issues, whether in the U.S. or abroad, could cause
 damage or disruption to us, our suppliers or customers, or could
 create political or economic instability, any of which could
 harm our business. These events could cause a decrease in demand
 for our products, could make it difficult or impossible for us
 to deliver products or for our suppliers to deliver components,
 and could create delays and inefficiencies in our supply chain.