There are many risk factors that affect Dell’s business and
the results of its operations, some of which are beyond
Dell’s control. The following is a description of some of
the important risk factors that may cause the actual results of
Dell’s operations in future periods to differ substantially
from those currently expected or desired.

 • 

 Declining general economic, business, or industry conditions
 may cause reduced net revenue. Dell is a global company with
 customers in virtually every business and industry. If the
 economic climate in the U.S. or abroad deteriorates,
 customers or potential customers could reduce or delay their
 technology investments. Reduced or delayed technology
 investments could decrease Dell’s net revenue and
 profitability.

 • 

 Dell’s failure to maintain a cost advantage may result
 in reduced market share, revenue, and profitability.
 Dell’s success is partly based on its ability to profitably
 offer its products at a lower price than its competitors.
 However, many companies compete with Dell globally in all
 aspects of its business. Dell cannot guarantee that it will
 maintain its cost advantage if its competitors improve their
 cost structure or business model, or take other actions that
 affect Dell’s current competitive advantage. Dell may lose
 market share, revenue, and profitability if it does not maintain
 its cost advantage.

 • 

 Dell’s ability to generate substantial
 non-U.S. net
 revenue faces many additional risks and uncertainties.
 Sales
 outside the U.S. accounted for approximately 41% of
 Dell’s consolidated net revenue in fiscal 2006. Dell’s
 future growth rates and success are dependent on continued
 growth in international markets. Dell’s international
 operations face many risks and uncertainties, including varied
 local economic and labor conditions, political instability, and
 unexpected changes in the regulatory environment, trade
 protection measures, tax laws (including U.S. taxes on
 foreign operations), and foreign currency exchange rates. Any of
 these factors could adversely affect Dell’s operations.

 • 

 Dell’s overall profitability may not meet expectations
 if its product, customer, and geographic mix is substantially
 different than anticipated. Dell’s profit margins vary
 among its products, customers, and geographies. If Dell’s
 mix of any of these is substantially different from what it
 anticipates in any particular period, Dell’s profitability
 could be less than expected
.

13

Table of Contents

 • 

 Infrastructure failures could harm Dell’s business.
 Dell depends on its information technology and manufacturing
 infrastructure to achieve its business objectives. If a problem,
 such as a computer virus, intentional disruption by a
 third-party, natural disaster, manufacturing failure, or
 telephone system failure impairs Dell’s infrastructure,
 Dell may be unable to book or process orders, manufacture, and
 ship in a timely manner or otherwise carry on its business. An
 infrastructure disruption could cause Dell to lose customers and
 revenue, and could require Dell to incur significant expense to
 eliminate these problems and address related security concerns.
 The harm to Dell’s business could be even greater if it
 occurs during a period of disproportionately heavy demand.

 • 

 Dell’s failure to effectively manage a product
 transition could reduce the demand for Dell’s products and
 the profitability of Dell’s operations. Continuing
 improvements in technology mean frequent new product
 introductions, short product life cycles, and improvement in
 product performance characteristics. Product transitions present
 execution challenges and risks for Dell. If Dell is unable to
 effectively manage a product transition, its business and
 results of operations could be unfavorably affected.

 • 

 Disruptions in component availability could unfavorably
 affect Dell’s performance. Dell’s direct business
 model gives it the ability to operate with reduced levels of
 component and finished goods inventories. Dell’s financial
 success is partly due to its supply chain management practices,
 including its ability to achieve rapid inventory turns. Because
 Dell maintains minimal levels of component inventory, a
 disruption in component availability could harm Dell’s
 financial performance and its ability to satisfy customer needs.

 • 

 Dell’s reliance on suppliers creates risks and
 uncertainties. Dell’s manufacturing process requires a
 high volume of quality components from third-party suppliers.
 Defective parts received from these suppliers could reduce
 product reliability and harm the reputation of Dell’s
 products. Reliance on suppliers subjects Dell to possible
 industry shortages of components and reduced control over
 delivery schedules (which can harm Dell’s manufacturing
 efficiencies), and increases in component costs (which can harm
 Dell’s profitability).

 • 

 Dell could experience manufacturing interruptions, delays, or
 inefficiencies if it is unable to timely and reliably procure
 components from single-sourced suppliers. Dell maintains
 several single-source supplier relationships, either because
 alternative sources are not available or the relationship is
 advantageous due to performance, quality, support, delivery,
 capacity, or price considerations. If the supply of a critical
 single-source material or component is delayed or curtailed,
 Dell may not be able to ship the related product in desired
 quantities and in a timely manner. Even where alternative
 sources of supply are available, qualification of the
 alternative suppliers and establishment of reliable supplies
 could result in delays and a possible loss of sales, which could
 harm operating results.

 • 

 Dell’s failure to effectively hedge its exposure to
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest
 rates could unfavorably affect its performance. Dell
 utilizes derivative instruments to hedge its exposure to
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest
 rates. Some of these instruments and contracts may involve
 elements of market and credit risk in excess of the amounts
 recognized in the Consolidated Financial Statements. For
 additional information about risk on financial instruments, see
 “Item 7 — Management’s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operation — Market Risk.” Further, Dell’s
 revenue from its international operations may decrease if it
 does not effectively hedge its exposure to currency fluctuations.

 • 

 Dell’s continued business success may depend on
 obtaining licenses to intellectual property developed by others
 on commercially reasonable and competitive terms. If Dell or
 its suppliers are unable to obtain desirable technology
 licenses, Dell may be prevented from marketing products, could
 be forced to market products without desirable features, or
 could incur substantial costs to redesign its products, defend
 legal actions, or pay damages. While Dell’s suppliers may
 be contractually obligated to indemnify Dell against such
 expenses, those suppliers could be unable

14

Table of Contents

 to meet their obligations. Also, Dell’s operating costs
 could increase because of copyright levies or similar fees by
 rights holders and collection agencies in EMEA and other
 countries.

 • 

 Dell’s failure to attract and retain qualified personnel
 could lead to a loss of revenue or profitability. Dell might
 not attract and retain enough qualified personnel to support its
 anticipated rapid international growth and its increasingly
 complex product and service offerings. Dell relies in part on
 equity awards to attract and retain qualified personnel. Due to
 new accounting regulations requiring the expensing of stock
 options, if Dell continues to rely on equity compensation to
 attract and retain qualified personnel, Dell’s compensation
 costs may increase.

 • 

 Loss of government contracts could harm Dell’s
 business. Government contracts are subject to future funding
 that may affect the extension or termination of programs, and
 are subject to the right of the government to terminate for
 convenience or non-appropriation. In addition, if Dell violates
 legal or regulatory requirements, the government could suspend
 or disbar Dell as a contractor. Dell’s suspension or
 disbarment as a government contractor would unfavorably affect
 Dell’s net revenue and profitability.

 • 

 If DFS is unable to facilitate financing for Dell’s
 customers, Dell may be required to self-finance these activities
 or use alternative sources of financing. Dell depends on
 DFS, a joint venture with CIT, to facilitate financing for a
 significant number of customers. DFS depends, in part, on CIT to
 fund these transactions through the capital markets. If CIT is
 unable to access the capital markets or ceases to operate as a
 finance company, DFS may not be able to fully facilitate the
 funding of Dell customer financing arrangements. As a result,
 Dell may be required to self-finance these activities or use
 alternative sources of financing for its customers.

 • 

 Dell’s net revenue may not meet expectations if it is
 unable to accurately predict the effect of seasonality on its
 business. There are seasonal sales trends. During
 Dell’s third fiscal quarter, sales to government customers
 (particularly the U.S. federal government) are typically
 stronger than in other quarters, while sales in EMEA are often
 weaker than in other quarters. Consumer sales are typically
 strongest during Dell’s fourth fiscal quarter. As Dell
 sales in the highly seasonal consumer sector increase, this
 seasonal effect may increase. If Dell fails to accurately
 anticipate seasonal trends, Dell’s net revenue and
 profitability could be less than expected.

 • 

 Current environmental laws, or laws enacted in the future,
 may harm Dell’s business. Dell’s operations are
 subject to environmental regulation in all of the areas in which
 Dell conducts business. Some of Dell’s manufacturing
 operations use regulated substances such as lead. If Dell does
 not comply with the rules and regulations regarding the use and
 sale of such regulated substances, Dell could be subject to
 liability. Dell could also face substantial costs and
 liabilities in connection with product take-back legislation.
 Beginning in August 2005, Dell was subject to the European Union
 Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment Directive as enacted
 by individual European Union countries (“WEEE
 Legislation”). The WEEE Legislation makes producers of
 electrical goods, including computers and printers, responsible
 for collection, recycling, treatment, and disposal of recovered
 products. Dell does not expect that the impact of the WEEE
 Legislation and other similar legislation adopted in the U.S.
 and other countries will have a substantial unfavorable impact
 on Dell’s business.

 • 

 Armed hostilities, terrorism, natural disasters, or public
 health issues could harm Dell’s business. Armed
 hostilities, terrorism, natural disasters, or public health
 issues, whether in the U.S. or abroad, could cause damage
 or disruption to Dell, its suppliers or customers, or could
 create political or economic instability, any of which could
 harm Dell’s business. These events could cause a decrease
 in demand for Dell’s products, could make it difficult or
 impossible for Dell to deliver products or for its suppliers to
 deliver components, and could create delay and inefficiencies in
 Dell’s supply chain.

15

Table of Contents