.”

 All percentage amounts and ratios were calculated using
 the underlying data in thousands. Unless otherwise noted, all
 references to industry share and total industry growth data are
 for personal computers (including desktops, notebooks, and x86
 servers), and are based on information provided by IDC Worldwide
 Quarterly PC Tracker, March 3, 2008. Share data is for the
 full calendar year and all our growth rates are on a fiscal
 year-over-year basis. Unless otherwise noted, all references to
 time periods refer to our fiscal periods.

 ITEM 1 —

BUSINESS

 General

 Dell listens to customers and delivers innovative technology and
 services they trust and value. As a leading technology company,
 we offer a broad range of product categories, including desktop
 PCs, servers and networking products, storage, mobility
 products, software and peripherals, and services. According to
 IDC, we are the number one supplier of personal computer systems
 in the United States, and the number two supplier worldwide.

 Our company is a Delaware corporation and was founded in 1984 by
 Michael Dell on a simple concept: by selling computer systems
 directly to customers, we can best understand their needs and
 efficiently provide the most effective computing solutions to
 meet those needs. Our corporate headquarters are located in
 Round Rock, Texas, and we conduct operations worldwide through
 subsidiaries. When we refer to our company and its business in
 this report, we are referring to the business and activities of
 our consolidated subsidiaries. We operate principally in one
 industry, and we manage our business in three geographic
 regions: the Americas; Europe, Middle East and Africa
 (“EMEA”); and Asia Pacific-Japan (“APJ”).
 See “Part I — Item 1 —
 Business — Geographic Areas of Operations.”

 We are committed to managing and operating our business in a
 responsible and sustainable manner around the globe. This
 includes our commitment to environmental responsibility in all
 areas of our business. In June 2007, we announced an ambitious
 long-term goal to be the “greenest technology company on
 the planet” and have a number of efforts that take the
 environment into account at every stage of the product
 lifecycle. See “Part I —
 Item 1— Business —
 Sustainability.” This also includes our focus on
 maintaining a strong control environment, high ethical
 standards, and financial reporting integrity. See
 “Part II — Item 9A — Controls
 and Procedures.”

 Business
 Strategy

 Our core business strategy is built around our direct customer
 model, relevant technologies and solutions, and highly efficient
 manufacturing and logistics; and we are expanding that core
 strategy by adding new distribution channels to reach even more
 commercial customers and individual consumers around the world.
 Using this strategy, we strive to provide the best possible
 customer experience by offering superior value; high-quality,
 relevant technology; customized systems and services; superior
 service and support; and differentiated products and services
 that are easy to buy and use. Historically, our growth has been
 driven organically from our core businesses. Recently, we have
 begun to pursue a targeted acquisition strategy designed to
 augment select areas of our business with more products,
 services, and technology that our customers value. For example,
 with our recent acquisition of EqualLogic, Inc., a leading
 provider of high-performance storage area network solutions, and
 the subsequent expansion of Dell’s PartnerDirect channel,
 we are ready to deliver customers an easier and more affordable
 solution for storing and processing data.

 Our core values include the following:

 •  

 We simplify information technology for
 customers.  Making quality personal computers,
 servers, storage, and services affordable is Dell’s legacy.
 We are focused on making information technology affordable for
 millions of customers around the world. As a result of our
 direct relationships with customers, or “customer
 intimacy”, we are best positioned to simplify how customers
 implement and maintain information technology and deliver
 hardware, services, and software solutions tailored for their
 businesses and homes.

 1

Table of Contents

 •  

 We offer customers choice.  Customers can
 purchase systems and services from Dell via telephone, at a
 growing number of retail stores, and through our website,
 www.dell.com, where they may review, configure, and price
 systems within our entire product line; order systems online;
 and track orders from manufacturing through shipping. Customers
 may offer suggestions for current and future Dell products and
 services through an interactive portion of our website called
 Dell IdeaStorm. Commercial customers also can interact with
 dedicated account teams. We plan to continue to expand our
 recently launched indirect initiative by adding new distribution
 channels to reach additional consumers and small businesses
 through retail partners and value-added resellers globally.

 •  

 Customers can purchase custom-built products and
 custom-tailored services.  Historically our
 flexible, build-to-order manufacturing process enabled us to
 turn over inventory quickly, thereby reducing inventory levels,
 and rapidly bring the latest technology to our customers. The
 global IT industry and our competition have evolved, and we are
 continuing to expand our utilization of original design
 manufacturers, manufacturing outsourcing relationships, and new
 distribution strategies to better meet customer needs and reduce
 product cycle times. Our goal is to introduce the latest
 relevant technology more quickly and to rapidly pass on
 component cost savings to a broader set of our customers
 worldwide.

 •  

 We are committed to being environmentally responsible in all
 areas of our business.  We have built
 environmental consideration into every stage of the Dell product
 life cycle — from developing and designing
 energy-efficient products, to reducing the footprint of our
 manufacturing and operations, to customer use and product
 recovery.

 Product
 Development

 We focus on developing standards-based technologies that
 incorporate highly desirable features and capabilities at
 competitive prices. We employ a collaborative approach to
 product design and development, where our engineers, with direct
 customer input, design innovative solutions and work with a
 global network of technology companies to architect new system
 designs, influence the direction of future development, and
 integrate new technologies into our products. Through this
 collaborative, customer-focused approach, we strive to deliver
 new and relevant products and services to the market quickly and
 efficiently. Our research, development, and engineering expenses
 were $693 million for Fiscal 2008, $498 million for
 Fiscal 2007, and $458 million for Fiscal 2006, including
 in-process research and development of $83 million related
 to acquisitions in Fiscal 2008.

 Products
 and Services

 We design, develop, manufacture, market, sell, and support a
 wide range of products that in many cases are customized to
 individual customer requirements. Our product categories include
 desktop PCs, servers and networking products, storage, mobility
 products, and software and peripherals. In addition, we offer a
 wide range of services. See “Part II —
 Item 7 — Management’s Discussion and
 Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations — Revenue by Product and Service
 Categories” and Note 11 of Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements included in “Part II —
 Item 8 — Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data.”

 •  

 Desktop PCs — The
 XPS
tm

 and Alienware lines are targeted at customers seeking the best
 experiences and designs available, from multimedia capability to
 the highest gaming performance. The
 OptiPlex
tm

 line is designed to help business, government, and institutional
 customers manage their total cost of ownership by offering a
 portfolio of secure, manageable, and stable lifecycle products.
 The
 Inspiron
tm

 line of desktop computers is designed for mainstream PC users
 requiring the latest features for their productivity and
 entertainment needs. In July 2007, we introduced the
 Vostro
tm

 line, which is designed to provide technology and services to
 suit the specific needs of small businesses.

 Dell
 Precisiontm

 desktop workstations are intended for professional users who
 demand exceptional performance from hardware platforms optimized
 and certified to run sophisticated applications, such as those
 needed for three-dimensional computer-aided design, digital
 content creation, geographic information systems, computer
 animation, software development, computer-aided engineering,
 game development, and financial analysis.

 2

Table of Contents

 •  

 Servers and Networking — Our standards-based
 PowerEdge
tm

 line of servers is designed to offer customers affordable
 performance, reliability, and scalability. Options include high
 performance rack, blade, and tower servers for enterprise
 customers and aggressively priced tower servers for small
 organizations, networks, and remote offices. We also offer
 customized Dell server solutions for very large data center
 customers.

 Our
 PowerConnecttm

 switches connect computers and servers in small-to-medium-sized
 networks.
 PowerConnect
tm

 products offer customers enterprise-class features and
 reliability at a low cost.

 •  

 Storage — We offer a comprehensive portfolio of
 advanced storage solutions, including storage area networks,
 network-attached storage, direct-attached storage, disk and tape
 backup systems, and removable disk backup. With our advanced
 storage solutions for mainstream buyers, we offer customers
 functionality and value while reducing complexity in the
 enterprise. Our storage systems are easy to deploy, manage, and
 maintain. The flexibility and scalability offered by Dell
 PowerVault
tm
,
 Dell EqualLogic, and Dell  EMC storage systems helps
 organizations optimize storage for diverse environments with
 varied requirements.

 •  

 Mobility — The
 XPS
tm

 and Alienware lines of laptop computers are targeted at
 customers seeking the best experiences and designs available
 from sleek, elegant, thin, and light laptops to the highest
 performance gaming systems. In Fiscal 2008, we introduced the
 XPS M1330, an innovative mobile platform featuring a 13.3-inch
 high definition display and ultra-portable form factor that
 received awards for its unique design. The
 Inspiron
tm

 line of laptop computers is designed for users seeking the
 latest technology and high performance in a stylish and
 affordable package. The
 Latitude
tm

 line is designed to help business, government, and institutional
 customers manage their total cost of ownership through managed
 product lifecycles and the latest offerings in performance,
 security, and communications. The
 Vostro
tm

 line, introduced in July 2007, is designed to customize
 technology, services, and expertise to suit the specific needs
 of small businesses. The
 Precision
tm

 line of mobile workstations is intended for professional users
 who demand exceptional performance to run sophisticated
 applications.

 •  

 Software and Peripherals — We offer
 Dell-branded printers and displays and a multitude of
 competitively priced third-party peripheral products, including
 software titles, printers, televisions, laptop accessories,
 networking and wireless products, digital cameras, power
 adapters, scanners, and other products.

 –  

 Software.  We sell a wide range of third-party
 software products, including operating systems, business and
 office applications, anti-virus and related security software,
 entertainment software, and products in various other
 categories. We finalized the acquisition of ASAP Software
 Express Inc., a leading software solutions and licensing
 services provider, in the fourth quarter of Fiscal 2008. As a
 result of this acquisition, we now offer products from over
 2,000 software publishers.

 –  

 Printers.  We offer a wide array of
 Dell-branded printers, ranging from ink-jet

all-in-one
 printers for consumers to large multifunction devices for
 corporate workgroups. All of our printers feature the Dell Ink
 and Toner Management
 System
tm
,
 which simplifies the purchasing process for supplies by
 displaying ink or toner levels on the status window during every
 print job and proactively prompting users to order replacement
 cartridges directly from Dell.

 –  

 Displays.  We offer a broad line of branded and
 non-branded display products, including flat panel monitors and
 projectors. In Fiscal 2008, we extended our consumer monitor

line-up and
 introduced new innovations such as “True Life” and
 integrated camera and microphone into some of our monitors. We
 added the 1201MP projector to our existing projector portfolio.
 Across our monitors and projector product lines, we continue to
 win awards for quality, performance, and value.

 •  

 Services — Our global services business offers
 a broad range of configurable IT services that help commercial
 customers and channel partners plan, implement and manage IT
 operations and consumers install, protect, and maintain their
 PCs and accessories. Our service solutions help customers
 simplify IT, maximizing the performance, reliability, and
 cost-effectiveness of IT operations. During Fiscal 2008, we
 acquired a number of service technologies and capabilities
 through strategic acquisitions of certain companies. These are
 being used to build-out our service capabilities.

 –  

 Infrastructure Consulting Services.  Our
 consulting services help customers evaluate, design, and
 implement standards-based IT infrastructures. These
 customer-oriented consulting services are designed to be

 3

Table of Contents

 focused and efficient, providing customers access to our
 experience and guidance on how to best architect and operate IT
 operations.

 –  

 Deployment Services.  Our deployment services
 simplify and accelerate the deployment of new systems, PCs, and
 TV’s in customers’ environments. Our processes and
 deployment technologies enable customers to get systems up and
 running quickly and reliably, with minimal end-user disruption.

 –  

 Asset Recovery and Recycling Services.  We
 offer a variety of flexible services for the secure and
 environmentally safe recovery and disposal of owned and leased
 IT equipment. Various options, including resale, recycling,
 donation, redeployment, employee purchase, and lease return,
 help customers retain value while facilitating regulatory
 compliance and minimizing storage costs.

 –  

 Training Services.  We help customers develop
 the skills and knowledge of key technologies and systems needed
 to increase their productivity. Courses include hardware and
 software training as well as PC skills and professional
 development classes available through instructor-led, virtual,
 or self-directed online courses.

 –  

 Support Services.  Our suite of scalable
 support services is designed for IT professionals and end-users
 whose needs range from basic phone support to rapid response and
 resolution of complex problems. We offer flexible levels of
 support that span from desktop and laptop PCs to complex servers
 and storage systems, helping customers maximize uptime and stay
 productive. Our support services include warranty services and
 proactive maintenance offerings to help prevent problems as well
 as rapid response and resolution of problems. These services are
 supported by our network of Global Command Centers in the U.S.,
 Ireland, China, Japan, and Malaysia, providing rapid,
 around-the-clock support for critical commercial systems.

 –  

 Managed Services.  We offer a full suite of
 managed service solutions for companies who desire outsourcing
 of some or all of their IT management. From planning to
 deployment to ongoing technical support, our managed services
 are modular in nature so that customers can customize a plan
 based on their current and future needs. We can manage a portion
 of their IT tasks or provide an end-to-end solution.

 Financial
 Services

 We offer or arrange various customer financial services for our
 business and consumer customers in the U.S. through Dell
 Financial Services L.P. (“DFS”), a wholly-owned
 subsidiary of Dell as of January 2008. DFS was formerly a joint
 venture between Dell and CIT Group Inc. (“CIT”), and
 has been included in our consolidated financial statements since
 the third quarter of Fiscal 2004. On December 31, 2007, we
 purchased CIT’s remaining 30% interest in DFS, making it a
 wholly-owned subsidiary. Financing through DFS is one of many
 sources of funding that our customers may select. For additional
 information about our financing arrangements, see
 “Part II — Item 7 —
 Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
 and Results of Operations — Off-Balance Sheet
 Arrangements” and Note 6 of Notes to Consolidated
 Financial Statements included in “Part II —
 Item 8 — Financial Statements and Supplementary
 Data.”

 Sales and
 Marketing

 We sell our products and services directly to customers through
 dedicated sales representatives, telephone-based sales, online
 at www.dell.com, and through a variety of indirect sales
 channels. Our customers include large corporate, government,
 healthcare, and education accounts, as well as small-to-medium
 businesses and individual consumers. Within each of our
 geographic regions, we have divided our sales and marketing
 resources among these various customer groups. No single
 customer accounted for more than 10% of our consolidated net
 revenue during any of the last three fiscal years.

 Our sales and marketing efforts are organized around the needs,
 trends, and characteristics of our customers. Our direct
 business model provides direct and continuous feedback from
 customers, thereby allowing us to develop and refine our
 products and marketing programs for specific customer groups.
 Customers may offer suggestions for current and future Dell
 products, services, and operations on an interactive portion of
 our website called Dell IdeaStorm. This constant flow of
 communication allows us to rapidly gauge customer satisfaction
 and target new or existing products.

 4

Table of Contents

 For large business and institutional customers, we maintain a
 field sales force throughout the world. Dedicated account teams,
 which include field-based system engineers and consultants, form
 long-term relationships to provide our largest customers with a
 single source of assistance and develop specific tailored
 solutions for these customers. For large, multinational
 customers, we offer several programs designed to provide single
 points of contact and accountability with global account
 specialists, special global pricing, and consistent service and
 support programs across all global regions. We also maintain
 specific sales and marketing programs targeted at federal,
 state, and local governmental agencies, as well as at specific
 healthcare and educational customers.

 We market our products and services to small-to-medium
 businesses and consumers primarily by advertising on television
 and the Internet, advertising in a variety of print media, and
 mailing a broad range of direct marketing publications, such as
 promotional pieces, catalogs, and customer newsletters.

 Our business strategy also includes indirect sales channels.
 Outside the U.S., we sell products indirectly through selected
 partners to benefit from the partner’s existing customer
 relationships and valuable knowledge of traditional customs and
 logistics in the country, to mitigate credit and country risk,
 and because sales in some countries may be too small to warrant
 a direct sales business unit. In the U.S., we sell products
 indirectly through third-party solution providers, system
 integrators, and third-party resellers. In Fiscal 2008, we
 announced PartnerDirect, a global program that brings our
 existing partner initiatives under one umbrella in the
 U.S. PartnerDirect includes partner training and
 certification, deal registration, dedicated sales and customer
 care, and a dedicated web portal. We intend to expand the
 program globally. Continuing our strategy and efforts of better
 meeting customers’ needs and demands, we began offering
 select products in retail stores in several countries in the
 Americas, EMEA, and APJ during Fiscal 2008. These actions
 represent the first steps in our retail strategy, which will
 allow us to extend our business model to reach customers that we
 have not been able to reach directly.

 Competition

 We face intense price and product feature competition from
 branded and generic competitors when selling our services. In
 addition to several large branded companies, there are other
 smaller branded and generic competitors. Historically, we
 competed primarily based on the customer value that a direct
 relationship can bring — technology, performance,
 customer service, quality, and reliability. Our general practice
 is to rapidly pass on cost declines to our customers to enhance
 customer value.

 As a result of the intensely competitive environment, we lost
 1.9 points of share during calendar 2007. We lost share, both in
 the U.S. and internationally, as our growth did not meet
 overall personal computer systems growth. This was mainly due to
 intense competitive pressure in our U.S. Consumer business,
 particularly in lower priced desktops and notebooks, as well as
 a slight decline in our worldwide desktop shipments (compared to
 5% worldwide industry growth in desktops). At the end of
 calendar 2007, we remained the number one supplier of personal
 computer systems in the U.S. and the number two supplier
 worldwide.

 We expect that the competitive pricing environment will continue
 to be challenging. However, we believe that the strength of our
 evolving business strategy and indirect distribution channels,
 as well as our strong liquidity position, makes us well
 positioned to continue profitable growth over the long term in
 any business climate. For consumers, we recognize the increasing
 importance of product “ID”, which is the appearance,
 ease of use, and ability to interact with peripheral products
 like cameras and MP3 players, and we are focusing more resources
 to improve in this area.

 In our financial services business we compete with the captive
 financing businesses of some of our competitors as well as with
 banks and financial institutions. While DFS is one of the many
 potential sources for arranging funding that may be available to
 our customers, we believe that our ability to offer or arrange
 financing for products, services, and solutions makes us
 competitive with banks and financial institutions.

 Manufacturing
 and Materials

 We manufacture many of the products we sell and have
 manufacturing locations worldwide to service our global customer
 base. See “Part I — Item 2 —