Our business, operating results, financial condition and
 prospects are subject to a variety of significant risks, many of
 which are beyond our control. The following is a description of
 some of the important risk factors that may cause our actual
 results in future periods to differ substantially from those we
 currently expect or desire.

 •  

 Weak global economic conditions and instability in financial
 markets may harm our business and result in reduced net revenue
 and profitability.

 We are a global company with customers in virtually every
 business and industry. Our performance depends significantly on
 global economic conditions. Commercial customers and consumers
 may postpone spending amid concerns over reduced asset values,
 fluctuating energy costs, geopolitical issues, the availability
 and cost of credit, unemployment, and the stability and solvency
 of financial institutions, financial markets, businesses, and
 sovereign nations. Weak global economic conditions could have a
 number of adverse effects on our business, including weaker
 customer demand, potential insolvency of key suppliers resulting
 in product delays, the inability of customers to obtain credit
 to finance purchases of our products on favorable terms, and
 potential customer insolvencies, all of which could negatively
 impact our liquidity and ultimately decrease our net revenue and
 profitability.

 12

Table of Contents

 •  

 Weak economic conditions and additional regulation could harm
 our financial services activities.

 Our financial services activities are negatively affected in the
 current adverse economic environment by loan delinquencies and
 defaults. Although the trend of increasing loan delinquencies
 and defaults has slowed, defaults impact our net credit losses
 and we may need to increase our reserves for customer
 receivables in the future. In addition, anticipated changes in
 financial services regulation could unfavorably impact the
 profitability and cash flows of our consumer financing
 activities.

 •  

 We face intense competition, which may adversely affect our
 industry unit share position, revenue, and profitability.

 We operate in an industry in which there are rapid technological
 advances in hardware, software and service offerings, and face
 aggressive product and price competition from both branded and
 generic competitors. We compete based on our ability to
 profitably offer competitive solutions with the most current and
 desired product features, as well as on customer service,
 quality and reliability. We expect that competition will
 continue to be intense and that our competitors’ products
 may be less costly, provide better performance or include
 additional features when compared to our products. Our efforts
 to balance our mix of products and services to optimize
 profitability, liquidity, and growth may also put pressure on
 our industry unit share position in the short-term. As we
 continue to expand globally, we may see new and increased
 competition in different geographic regions. In addition,
 barriers to entry in our businesses generally are low and
 products can be distributed broadly and quickly at relatively
 low cost.

 •  

 If our cost cutting measures are not successful, we may
 become less competitive.

 A variety of factors could prevent us from achieving our goal of
 better aligning our product and service offerings and cost
 structure with customer needs in the current business
 environment. We are currently focused on reducing our operating
 expenses, reducing total costs in procurement, product design,
 transformation, and simplifying our structure. For example, we
 may experience delays in the anticipated timing of activities
 related to our cost savings plans and higher than expected or
 unanticipated costs to implement the plans. As a result, we may
 not achieve our expected cost savings in the time anticipated,
 or at all. In such case, our results of operations and
 profitability may be negatively impacted, making us less
 competitive and potentially causing us to lose industry unit
 share.

 •  

 Our inability to effectively manage product and services
 transitions could reduce the demand for our products and the
 profitability of our operations.

 Continuing improvements in technology result in frequent new
 product and services introductions, short product life cycles,
 and improvements in product performance characteristics. In
 addition, we are increasingly sourcing new products and
 transitioning existing products through our contract
 manufacturers and manufacturing outsourcing relationships in
 order to generate cost efficiencies, deliver products faster and
 better serve our customers in certain segments and geographical
 areas. The success of product transitions depends on a number of
 factors, including the availability of products in appropriate
 quantities and costs to meet demand, and the risk that new or
 upgraded products have quality or other defects. These product
 transitions present execution challenges and risks. If we are
 unable to effectively manage a new product transition, our
 business and results of operations could be unfavorably affected.

 •  

 We may not successfully execute our growth strategy if we
 fail to effectively manage the growth of our distribution
 capabilities, and to add to the scope of our product and
 services offerings.

 Our growth strategy involves reaching more customers worldwide
 through new distribution channels, such as consumer retail,
 expanding our relationships with value-added resellers, and
 augmenting select areas of our business through targeted
 acquisitions. As we reach more customers worldwide through an
 increasing number of new distribution channels, such as consumer
 retail, and continue to expand our relationships with
 value-added resellers, inventory management becomes more
 challenging and successful demand forecasting becomes more
 difficult. Our goal continues to be to optimize the balance of
 liquidity, profitability, and growth with a focus on moving the
 weight of the product portfolio to higher margin products and
 recurring revenue streams. Our ability to grow sales of these
 higher margin products, services

 13

Table of Contents

 and solutions depends on our ability to successfully transition
 our sales capabilities in accordance with our strategy and to
 add to the breadth of our higher margin offerings through
 selective acquisitions of other businesses. If we are unable to
 effectively manage the growth of our distribution capabilities
 and grow our product and services offerings, our business and
 results of operations could be unfavorably affected.

 •  

 If we fail to achieve favorable pricing from our vendors, our
 profitability could be adversely impacted.

 Our profitability is affected by our ability to achieve
 favorable pricing with our vendors and contract manufacturers,
 including through negotiations for vendor rebates, marketing
 funds, and other vendor funding received in the normal course of
 business. Because these supplier negotiations are continuous and
 reflect the ongoing competitive environment, the variability in
 timing and amount of incremental vendor discounts and rebates
 can affect our profitability. These vendor programs may change
 periodically, potentially resulting in adverse profitability
 trends. Our inability to establish a cost and product advantage,
 or determine alternative means to deliver value to our
 customers, may adversely affect our industry unit share
 position, revenue, and profitability.

 •  

 Our reliance on vendors for products and components, many of
 whom are located outside the U.S., could harm our business by
 adversely affecting product delivery, reliability and cost.

 We obtain many of our products and all of our components from
 third party vendors. In addition, we are continuing to expand
 our use of contract manufacturers and manufacturing outsourcers.
 While these relationships generate cost efficiencies, they
 reduce our direct control over production. Our manufacturing and
 supply chain efficiencies give us the ability to operate with
 reduced levels of component and finished goods inventories. Our
 increasing reliance on these vendors subjects us to a greater
 risk of shortages, and reduced control over delivery schedules
 of components and products, as well as a greater risk of
 increases in product and component costs. Because we maintain
 minimal levels of component and product inventories, a
 disruption in component or product availability could harm our
 financial performance and our ability to satisfy customer needs.
 In addition, defective parts and products from these vendors
 could reduce product reliability and harm our reputation.

 •  

 We could experience manufacturing interruptions, delays, or
 inefficiencies if we are unable to procure in a timely and
 reliable manner components and products from single-source or
 limited-source suppliers.

 We maintain several single-source or limited-source supplier
 relationships, either because multiple sources are not available
 or because the relationships are advantageous to us due to
 performance, quality, support, delivery, capacity, or price
 considerations. If the supply of a critical single- or
 limited-source product or component is delayed or curtailed, we
 may not be able to ship the related product in desired
 quantities and in a timely manner. Even where multiple sources
 of supply are available, qualification of the alternative
 suppliers and establishment of reliable supplies could result in
 delays and a possible loss of sales, which could harm our
 operating results.

 •  

 We may not successfully implement our acquisition
 strategy.

 We acquire companies as a part of our overall growth strategy.
 These acquisitions may involve significant new risks and
 uncertainties, including distraction of management attention
 away from our current business operations, insufficient new
 revenue to offset expenses, inadequate return of capital,
 integration challenges, new regulatory requirements, and issues
 not discovered in our due diligence process. As a result, such
 acquisitions may adversely affect our profitability or
 operations. In addition, if we make changes in our business
 strategy or if external conditions adversely affect our business
 operations, we may be forced to record an impairment charge for
 goodwill or intangibles, which would lead to decreased assets
 and reduced net operating performance.

 •  

 Our ability to generate substantial
 non-U.S. net
 revenue faces many additional risks and uncertainties.

 Sales outside the U.S. accounted for approximately 47% of our
 consolidated net revenue in Fiscal 2010. Our future growth rates
 and success are dependent on continued growth of our business
 outside the U.S., including in the key developing countries of
 Brazil, Russia, India, and China. Our international operations
 face many risks and uncertainties, including varied local
 economic and labor conditions, political

 14

Table of Contents

 instability, and changes in the regulatory environment, trade
 protection measures, tax laws (including U.S. taxes on foreign
 operations), copyright levies, and foreign currency exchange
 rates. Any of these factors could adversely affect our
 operations and profitability.

 •  

 Our profitability may be adversely affected by our product,
 customer, and geographic sales mix and by seasonal sales
 trends.

 Our profit margins vary among products, customers, and
 geographic markets. In addition, our business is subject to
 certain seasonal sales trends. For example, sales to government
 customers (particularly the U.S. federal government) are
 typically stronger in our third fiscal quarter, sales in EMEA
 are often weaker in our third fiscal quarter, and consumer sales
 are typically strongest during our fourth fiscal quarter. As a
 result of these factors, our overall profitability for any
 particular period may be adversely affected by the mix of
 products, customers, and geographic markets reflected in our
 sales for that period, as well as by seasonal trends.

 •  

 Our business is dependent on our ability to access the
 capital markets.

 We are increasingly dependent on access to debt and capital
 sources to provide financing for our customers and to obtain
 funds in the U.S. for general corporate purposes, including
 working capital, acquisitions, capital expenditures, funding
 customer receivables, and share repurchases. Additionally, we
 have customer financing relationships with companies whose
 business models rely on accessing the capital markets. The
 inability of these companies to access such markets could force
 us to self-fund transactions or forego customer financing
 opportunities, potentially harming our financial performance.
 The debt and capital markets may experience extreme volatility
 and disruption from time to time in the future, resulting in
 higher credit spreads in the capital markets and higher funding
 costs for us. The cost of accessing debt and capital markets has
 increased in recent periods as many lenders and institutional
 investors require higher rates of return. Lenders have also
 tightened lending standards, and reduced or ceased their lending
 to certain borrowers. Deterioration in our business performance,
 a credit rating downgrade, volatility in the securitization
 markets, changes in financial services regulations or adverse
 changes in the economy could lead to reductions in debt
 availability and could limit our ability to continue asset
 securitizations or other financings from debt or capital
 sources, reduce the amount of financing receivables that we
 originate, or negatively affect the costs or terms on which we
 may be able to obtain capital, any of which could unfavorably
 affect our net revenue, profitability, and cash flows.

 •  

 Loss of government contracts could harm our business.

 Contracts with the U.S. Government and foreign governments are
 subject to future funding that may affect the extension or
 termination of programs and are subject to the right of the
 government to terminate for convenience or non-appropriation. In
 addition, if we violate legal or regulatory requirements, the
 applicable government could suspend or disbar us as a
 contractor, which would unfavorably affect our net revenue and
 profitability.

 •  

 The exercise by customers of certain rights under our
 services contracts, or our failure to perform as we anticipate
 at the time we enter services contracts, could adversely affect
 our revenue and profitability.

 Many of our services contracts allow the customer to:

  –  

 terminate the contract if our performance does not meet
 specified service levels

  –  

 request a rate reduction tied to a benchmarker’s opinion of
 market rates (or alternatively allow the customer to terminate
 the contract)

  –  

 reduce the customer’s use of our services and, as a result,
 reduce our fees

  –  

 terminate the contract early upon payment of an agreed fee.

 These customer actions may adversely affect our revenue and
 profitability.

 In addition, we estimate our costs to deliver the services at
 the outset of the contract. If we fail to estimate accurately,
 our actual costs may significantly exceed our estimates, even
 for a time and materials contract, and we may incur losses on
 the services contracts.

 15

Table of Contents

 •  

 Our performance could be adversely affected by our failure to
 hedge effectively our exposure to fluctuations in foreign
 currency exchange rates and interest rates.

 We utilize derivative instruments to hedge our exposure to
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates and interest
 rates. Some of these instruments and contracts may involve
 elements of market and credit risk in excess of the amounts
 recognized in our financial statements. If we are not successful
 in monitoring our foreign exchange exposures and conducting an
 effective hedging program, our foreign currency hedging
 activities may not offset the impact of fluctuations in currency
 exchange rates on our future results of operations and financial
 position.

 •  

 We are subject to counterparty default risks.

 We enter into numerous financing arrangements, including foreign
 currency option contracts and forward contracts, with a wide
 array of bank counterparties. As a result, we are subject to the
 risk that the counterparty to one or more of these contracts
 will default, either voluntarily or involuntarily, on its
 performance under the contract. In times of market distress, a
 counterparty may default rapidly and without notice to us, and
 we may be unable to take action to cover our exposure, either
 because we lack the contractual ability or because market
 conditions make it difficult to take effective action. In the
 event of a counterparty default, we could incur significant
 losses, which could harm our business, results of operations,
 and financial condition. In the event that one of our
 counterparties becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy, our
 ability eventually to recover any losses suffered as a result of
 that counterparty’s default may be limited by the liquidity
 of the counterparty or the applicable legal regime governing the
 bankruptcy proceeding. In addition, our deposits at financial
 institutions are at risk.

 •  

 Unfavorable results of legal proceedings could harm our
 business and result in substantial costs.

 We are involved in various claims, suits, investigations, and
 legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary
 course of our business and that are not yet resolved, including
 those described elsewhere in this Report. Additional legal
 claims or regulatory matters may arise in the future and could
 involve stockholder, consumer, antitrust, tax and other issues
 on a global basis. Litigation is inherently unpredictable.
 Regardless of the merit of the claims, litigation may be both
 time-consuming and disruptive to our business. Therefore, we
 could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that
 could adversely affect our operating results or cash flows in a
 particular period. For example, we could be exposed to
 enforcement or other actions with respect to the continuing SEC
 investigation into certain accounting and financial reporting
 matters. In addition, our business, operating results and
 financial condition could be adversely affected if any
 infringement or other intellectual property claim made against
 us by any third party is successful, or if we fail to develop
 non-infringing technology or license the proprietary rights on
 commercially reasonable terms and conditions.

 •  

 Our business could suffer if we do not obtain licenses to
 intellectual property developed by others on commercially
 reasonable and competitive terms.

 If we or our suppliers are unable to obtain desirable technology
 licenses, we may be prevented from marketing products, could be
 forced to market products without desirable features, or could
 incur substantial costs to redesign products, defend legal
 actions, or pay damages. Although our suppliers might be
 contractually obligated to obtain such licenses and indemnify us
 against such expenses, those suppliers could be unable to meet
 their obligations. In addition, our operating costs could
 increase because of copyright levies or similar fees by rights
 holders and collection agencies in European and other countries.

 •  

 The expiration of tax holidays or favorable tax rate
 structures, or unfavorable outcomes in tax audits and other tax
 compliance matters, could result in an increase of our effective
 income tax rate in the future.

 Portions of our operations are subject to a reduced tax rate or
 are free of tax under various tax holidays that expire in whole
 or in part during Fiscal 2011 through Fiscal 2019. Many of these
 holidays may be extended when certain conditions are met, or
 terminated if certain conditions are not met. If they are not
 extended, or if we fail to satisfy the conditions of the reduced
 tax rate, then our effective tax rate would increase in the

 16

Table of Contents

 future. Our effective tax rate could also increase if our
 geographic sales mix changes. We are under audit in various tax
 jurisdictions. An unfavorable outcome in certain of these
 matters could result in a substantial increase to our tax
 expense. In addition, changes in tax laws (including U.S. taxes
 on foreign operations) could adversely affect our operations and
 profitability.

 •  

 We face risks relating to any inability by us to maintain
 strong internal controls.

 If management is not successful in maintaining a strong internal
 control environment, we could have weaknesses in our control
 environment, causing investors to lose confidence in our
 reported financial information. This could lead to a decline in
 our stock price, limit our ability to access the capital markets
 in the future, and require us to incur additional costs to
 improve our internal control systems and procedures.

 •  

 Current environmental and safety laws, or laws enacted in the
 future, may harm our business.

 Our operations are subject to environmental and safety
 regulation in all of the areas in which we conduct business. Our
 product design and procurement operations must comply with new
 and future requirements relating to the materials composition,
 energy efficiency and collection, recycling, treatment,
 transportation and disposal of our electronics products,
 including restrictions on mercury, lead, cadmium, lithium metal,
 lithium ion and other substances. If we fail to comply with
 applicable rules and regulations regarding the transportation,
 use and sale of such regulated substances, we could be subject
 to liability. The costs and timing of costs under environmental
 and safety laws are difficult to predict, but could have an
 unfavorable impact on our business.

 •  

 Armed hostilities, terrorism, natural disasters, or public
 health issues could harm our business.

 Armed hostilities, terrorism, natural disasters, or public
 health issues, whether in the U.S. or abroad, could cause damage
 or disruption to us, our suppliers or customers, or could create
 political or economic instability, any of which could harm our
 business. These events could cause a decrease in demand for our
 products, could make it difficult or impossible for us to
 deliver products or for our suppliers to deliver components, and
 could create delays and inefficiencies in our supply chain.

 •  

 Infrastructure disruptions or breaches of data security could
 harm our business.

 We depend on our information technology and manufacturing
 infrastructure to achieve our business objectives. If a
 disruption, such as a computer virus, natural disaster, failure
 of a manufacturing or telecommunications system, lost
 connectivity, or intentional tampering or data-breach by a third
 party impairs our infrastructure, we may be unable to receive or
 process orders, manufacture and ship products in a timely
 manner, or otherwise conduct our business as usual. A disruption
 could cause us to lose customers and revenue, particularly
 during a period of disproportionately heavy demand, and could
 result in the unintentional disclosure of company or customer
 information and could damage our reputation. We also could incur
 significant expense in remediating these problems and in
 addressing related data security and privacy concerns.

 •  

 Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain, and
 motivate our key employees.

 We rely on key personnel to support anticipated continued rapid
 international growth and increasingly complex product and
 service offerings. We may not be able to attract, retain, and
 motivate the key professional, technical, marketing, and staff
 resources we need.