We
 Have Substantial Debt and Other Financial Obligations and We May
 Incur Even More Debt.

 We have substantial debt and other financial obligations and
 significant unused borrowing capacity. See “Part II
 Item 7. Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and
 Capital Resources.”

 As a result of the recapitalization of our balance sheet on
 April 2, 2007, we entered into a new $4.8 billion
 senior secured credit facility. This transaction significantly
 increased our leverage profile and interest expense. Our debt
 level and related debt service obligations:

 • 

 require us to dedicate significant cash flow to the payment of
 principal and interest on our debt which reduces the funds we
 have available for other purposes;

 • 

 may limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes
 in our business and market conditions;

 12

Table of Contents

 • 

 impose on us additional financial and operational restrictions;

 • 

 expose us to interest rate risk since a portion of our debt
 obligations are at variable rates; and

 • 

 restrict our ability to fund acquisitions.

 Under our senior secured credit facility, we are required to
 maintain certain financial covenants, including, but not limited
 to, maximum leverage and minimum interest coverage ratios.
 Throughout 2007, significant increases in raw material and other
 input costs, as well as the oversupply of raw organic milk,
 increased our working capital requirements, decreased our
 operating profitability, and limited our ability in the near
 term to reduce the borrowings under the senior secured credit
 facility. Our ability to make scheduled payments on our debt and
 other financial obligations and comply with financial covenants
 depends on our financial and operating performance. Our
 financial and operating performance will continue to be subject
 to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and
 other factors, some of which are beyond our control.

 As of December 31, 2007, our maximum permitted leverage
 ratio was 6.25 times consolidated funded indebtedness to
 consolidated EBITDA for the prior four consecutive quarters,
 each as defined under and calculated in accordance with the
 terms of our senior credit facility and our receivables
 facility. As of December 31, 2007, our leverage ratio was
 5.95. The maximum permitted leverage ratio under both the senior
 secured credit facility and the receivables facility will
 decline to 5.75 as of December 31, 2008. Failure to comply
 with the leverage ratio, or any other financial or restrictive
 covenant, could create a default under our senior secured credit
 facility and under our receivables facility. We have pledged
 substantially all of our assets (including the assets of our
 subsidiaries) to secure our indebtedness. Upon a default, our
 lenders could accelerate the indebtedness under the facilities,
 foreclose against their collateral or seek other remedies, which
 would jeopardize our ability to continue our current operations.
 In addition, we may be required to amend our credit facility,
 refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, incur
 additional indebtedness or raise equity. Further, our actual
 performance levels under this reduced leverage ratio or our
 other financial covenants could limit our ability to incur
 additional debt under our senior secured credit facility, which
 could hinder our ability to execute our current business
 strategy.

 Changes
 in Our Credit Ratings May Have a Negative Impact on Our
 Financing Cost or the Availability of Capital.

 Some of our debt is rated by Standard & Poor’s
 and Moody’s, and there are a number of factors beyond our
 control with respect to these ratings. During 2007, in response
 to our increased leverage and the difficult dairy operating
 environment, both Standard & poor’s and
 Moody’s downgraded our debt ratings. A further downgrade
 could increase our cost of capital and reduce our access to
 financial markets.

 Availability
 and Changes in Raw Material and Other Input Costs Can Adversely
 Affect Us.

 Raw skim milk is the most significant raw material that we use
 in our Dairy Group. Organic raw milk, organic soybeans and sugar
 are significant inputs utilized by WhiteWave. The prices of
 these materials increase and decrease based on supply and
 demand, and in some cases, governmental regulation. In 2007, we
 experienced rapidly rising, all time-high prices in conventional
 raw milk prices. A declining dollar, constraints on global dairy
 supply growth and rising global demand for dairy-based protein
 combined to sharply increase foreign demand for
 U.S.-produced
 non-fat dry milk powder. This export demand drove prices for raw
 conventional milk sharply higher in 2007. The rising milk prices
 increased our costs from shrink, as lost product became more
 costly. At the same time, the pricing dynamics in the dairy
 industry resulted in sharply reduced profit contribution from
 our sales of excess cream to third parties. There continues to
 be significant volatility in the pricing of conventional raw
 milk and we anticipate that volatility to continue throughout
 2008. In many cases we are able to adjust our pricing to reflect
 changes in raw material costs; however, volatility in the cost
 of our raw materials can adversely affect our performance and
 erode our profit margins as price changes often lag changes in
 costs. Furthermore, cost increases may exceed the price
 increases we are able to pass along to our customers. While we
 currently expect conventional raw milk prices to decline in 2008
 from the levels experienced in the fourth quarter of 2007, we
 expect the prices to remain higher than in past periods. High
 raw material costs can put downward pressure on our margins and
 our volumes.

 In the past, the industry-wide demand for organic raw milk has
 generally exceeded supply, resulting in our inability to fully
 meet customer demand. However, strong economic incentives for
 conventional farmers to become

 13

Table of Contents

 organic plus a change in the organic farm transition rules
 caused supply to increase significantly in 2007. This oversupply
 led to significant discounting and aggressive distribution
 expansion by processors in an effort to sell their supply in the
 organic milk market. The market for organic raw milk is
 currently very dynamic and is beginning to shift back to an
 undersupply situation, with some farmers moving back to
 conventional due to high feed costs and attractive prices being
 paid for conventional milk. These factors could increase costs
 and cause our sales of Horizon Organic to decline as consumers
 look for lower cost alternatives. Uncertainties surrounding
 organic milk supply, increased costs associated with organic
 farming, and competitive pressures could continue to negatively
 impact the profitability of our WhiteWave segment.

 Because our Dairy Group delivers the majority of its products
 directly to customers through its “direct store
 delivery” system, we are a large consumer of fuel.
 Similarly, WhiteWave is impacted by the costs of petroleum-based
 products through the use of common carriers in delivering their
 products. We also utilize a significant amount of resin, which
 is the primary component used in our plastic bottles. During
 2007, the prices of resin decreased slightly, while diesel
 prices were largely unchanged. Future increases in fuel and
 resin prices may adversely affect our results of operations. In
 addition, resin supplies have from time to time been
 insufficient to meet demand. A disruption in our ability to
 secure an adequate resin supply could adversely affect our
 operations.

 We May
 Not Realize Anticipated Benefits from Our Multi-Year
 Initiatives.

 We have several multi-year initiatives underway, which we
 believe are necessary in order to position our business for
 future success and growth. These initiatives include the
 following: centralizing certain of our functions, including our
 finance and analytical systems; and optimizing our manufacturing
 and distribution capabilities. Over the next several years,
 these initiatives will require investments in people, systems,
 tools and facilities. Our future success and earnings growth
 depends in part on our ability to reduce costs, improve
 efficiencies and better serve our customers. If we are unable to
 successfully implement these initiatives, or fail to implement
 them as timely as we anticipate, we could become cost
 disadvantaged in the market place, lose customers and experience
 declines in market share.

 Centralization of certain functions.  We are
 currently realigning certain functions of our business in order
 to further streamline our organization, improve efficiency and
 better meet the needs of our customers. These initiatives
 involve centralizing certain of our purchasing, selling, support
 and decision making and brand building activities, which we
 anticipate will enable us to more effectively and efficiently
 manage our business. Our failure to successfully manage these
 transitions could cause us to incur unexpected costs, which
 could have a material adverse effect on our financial results.
 In addition, the impact of these actions on our earnings growth
 and profitability may be influenced by factors including but not
 limited to: (1) our ability to retain and attract key
 employees and operating officers; (2) our ability to
 execute these initiatives in a cost effective manner;
 (3) our ability to maintain satisfactory relationships with
 our customers; and (4) our ability to maintain satisfactory
 relationships with our suppliers.

 Realignment of our financial and analytical
 systems.  In 2007, we centralized many of the
 administrative functions that were historically accomplished at
 the plant level into regional accounting and transaction
 centers, which we anticipate will increase quality, capability,
 and standardization across the business. However, we must
 continue to improve and standardize our systems and processes to
 deliver the data we need to accurately analyze, plan and
 forecast our business and capitalize on opportunities.

 Optimizing our manufacturing and distribution
 capabilities.  Due to the perishable nature of its
 products, our Dairy Group delivers the majority of its products
 directly to its customers’ stores in refrigerated trucks or
 trailers that we own or lease. This form of delivery is called a
 “direct store delivery” or “DSD” system. We
 believe that our DSD system is one of the most extensive
 refrigerated DSD systems in the United States. We also have an
 extensive network of manufacturing plants across the country.
 These plants and their related distribution systems were
 acquired by us over time and are not yet designed or configured
 to fully maximize productivity and efficiency. We are evaluating
 our entire supply chain and anticipate over the next several
 years that we will realign our manufacturing and distribution
 capabilities and will close additional facilities. However, if
 we are unsuccessful in our efforts to streamline and upgrade our
 manufacturing and distribution capabilities, we could be faced
 with unrealized profit potential through waste and inefficiency,
 leaving us vulnerable to technological obsolescence, low returns
 on our capital investments, and a decline in our profitability.

 14

Table of Contents

 We
 Must Identify Changing Consumer Preferences and Develop and
 Offer Innovative Products to Meet Their
 Preferences.

 Consumer preferences evolve over time and the success of our
 products depends on our ability to identify the tastes and
 dietary habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to
 their preferences. Introduction of new products and product
 extensions requires significant development and marketing
 investment. Currently, we believe consumers are trending toward
 health and wellness beverages. Although we have increased our
 innovation efforts and spend in order to capitalize on this
 trend, there are currently several global competitors with
 greater resources with whom we compete in these areas. If our
 products fail to meet consumer preferences, the return on our
 investment in those areas will be less than anticipated and our
 innovation strategy will not succeed.

 Our
 Business is Subject to Various Environmental Laws, Which May
 Increase Our Compliance Costs.

 Our business operations are subject to numerous environmental
 and other air pollution control laws, including the federal
 Clean Air Act, the federal Clean Water Act, and the
 Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability
 Act of 1980, as amended, as well as state and local statutes.
 These laws and regulations cover the discharge of pollutants,
 wastewater, and hazardous materials into the environment. In
 addition, various laws and regulations addressing climate change
 are being considered or implemented at the federal and state
 levels. New legislation, as well as current federal and other
 state regulatory initiatives relating to these environmental
 matters, could require us to replace equipment, install
 additional pollution controls, purchase various emission
 allowances or curtail operations. These costs could adversely
 affect our results.

 The
 Consolidation of Retail Customers May Put Pressures on Our
 Operating Margins and Profitability.

 Our customers such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs and food
 distributors, have consolidated in recent years and
 consolidation is expected to continue. These consolidations have
 produced large, sophisticated customers with increased buying
 power. Some of these customers are vertically integrated and may
 use shelf space currently used for our products for their
 private label products. In addition, our large retail customers
 may seek to use their position to improve their profitability
 through improved efficiency, lower pricing and increased
 promotional programs. If we are unable to use our scale,
 marketing expertise, product innovation and category leadership
 positions to respond to these trends, our volume growth could
 slow or we may need to lower prices or increase promotional
 spending for our products, any of which would adversely affect
 our profitability.

 The
 Loss of One of Our Largest Customers Could Negatively Impact Our
 Sales and Profits.

 Our largest customer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and its
 subsidiaries, including Sam’s Club, accounted for
 approximately 17.9% of consolidated net sales during 2007,
 consisting of 18.5% of the Dairy Group’s net sales and
 14.1% of WhiteWave’s net sales. During 2007, our top five
 customers, collectively, accounted for approximately 30.0% of
 our consolidated net sales, or approximately 31.2% of the Dairy
 Group’s net sales and 23.4% of WhiteWave’s net sales.
 The loss of any large customer for an extended length of time
 could negatively impact our sales and profits. In addition, we
 do not have agreements with many of our largest customers, and
 most of the agreements that we do have are generally terminable
 at will by the customer. Finally, many of our retail customers
 have become increasingly price sensitive in the current
 intensely competitive environment. Over the past few years, we
 have been subject to a number of competitive bidding situations
 in our Dairy Group, which reduced our profitability on sales to
 several customers. We expect this trend to continue. In bidding
 situations, we are subject to the risk of losing certain
 customers altogether.

 Our
 Products Could Attract Increased Competitive Activity, Which
 Could Impede Our Growth Rate and Cost Us Sales.

 Our Silk soymilk and 
Horizon Organic organic food
 and beverage products have leading market shares in their
 categories and have benefited in many cases from being the first
 to introduce products in their categories. As soy and organic
 products continue to gain in popularity with consumers, we
 expect our products in these categories to continue to attract
 competitors. Many large food and beverage companies have
 substantially more resources than we do, and they may be able to
 market their soy and organic products more successfully than us,
 which could cause our growth rate in these categories to be
 slower than our forecast and could cause us to lose sales. The
 increase in popularity of soy and organic milks is also
 attracting private label competitors who sell their products at
 a lower

 15

Table of Contents

 price. The success of private label brands could adversely
 affect our sales and profitability. The willingness of consumers
 to purchase our products will depend upon our ability to offer
 products providing the right consumer benefits at the right
 price. Furthermore, in periods of economic uncertainty,
 consumers tend to purchase more private label or other
 lower-priced products, which could result in a reduction of
 sales of our branded products.

 Our International Delight coffee creamer competes
 intensely with Nestlé

CoffeeMate®

business. Our failure to successfully compete with
 Nestlé could have a material adverse effect on the sales
 and profitability of our 
International
 Delight®

business.

 We May
 Experience Liabilities or Negative Effects on Our Reputation as
 a Result of Product Recalls, Product Injuries or Other Legal
 Claims.

 We sell products for human consumption, which involves a number
 of legal risks. Product contamination, spoilage or other
 adulteration, product misbranding or product tampering could
 require us to recall products. We also may be subject to
 liability if our products or operations violate applicable laws
 or regulations or in the event our products cause injury,
 illness or death. In addition, we advertise our products and
 could be the target of claims relating to false or deceptive
 advertising under U.S. federal and state laws, including
 consumer protection statutes of some states. A significant
 product liability or other legal judgment against us or a
 widespread product recall may negatively impact our
 profitability. Even if a product liability or consumer fraud
 claim is unsuccessful or is not merited, the negative publicity
 surrounding such assertions regarding our products or processes
 could adversely affect our reputation and brand image.

 The
 Loss of Rights to Any of Our Licensed Brands Could Adversely
 Affect Our Sales and Profits.

 We sell certain of our products under licensed brand names such
 as Borden, LAND O’LAKES, Pet, and others. In some
 cases, we have invested significant capital in product
 development and marketing and advertising related to these
 licensed brands. Should our rights to manufacture and sell
 products under any of these names be terminated for any reason,
 our financial performance and results of operations could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 Changes
 in Laws, Regulations and Accounting Standards Could Have an
 Adverse Effect on Our Financial Results.

 We are subject to federal, state, local and foreign governmental
 laws and regulations, including those promulgated by the United
 States Food and Drug Administration, the United States
 Department of Agriculture, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and
 numerous related regulations promulgated by the Securities and
 Exchange Commission, the Public Company Accounting Oversight
 Board and the Financial Accounting Standards Board. Changes in
 federal, state or local laws, or the interpretations of such
 laws and regulations, may negatively impact our financial
 results or our ability to market our products.

 Pension
 Costs Could Increase at a Higher Than Anticipated
 Rate.

 Changes in interest rates or in the market value of plan assets
 could affect the funded status of our pension plans. This could
 cause volatility in our benefits costs and increase future
 funding requirements of our plans. Pension and post-retirement
 costs also may be significantly affected by changes in key
 actuarial assumptions including anticipated rates of return on
 plan assets and the discount rates used in determining the
 projected benefit obligation and annual periodic pension costs.
 A significant increase in future funding requirements could have
 a negative impact on our results of operations, financial
 condition and cash flows.

 16

Table of Contents

 Disruption
 of Our Supply Chain Could Adversely Affect Our
 Business.

 Damage or disruption to our manufacturing or distribution
 capabilities due to weather, natural disaster, fire, terrorism,
 pandemic, strikes, the financial
 and/or
 operational instability of key suppliers, distributors,
 warehousing and transportation providers, or other reasons could
 impair our ability to manufacture or distribute our products. To
 the extent the we are unable, or it is not financially feasible,
 to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events,
 or to effectively manage such events if they occur, there could
 be an adverse affect on our business and results of operations,
 and additional resources could be required to restore our supply
 chain.