Competitive Risks 

Industry Consolidation Has Strengthened the Competitive Position of Our
Retail Customers, Which Has Put Pressures on Our Operating Margins and Profitability. 

Many of our customers, such as
supermarkets, warehouse clubs and food distributors, have experienced industry consolidation in recent years and this consolidation is expected to continue. These consolidations have produced large, sophisticated customers with increased buying
power, and have increased the significance of large-format retailers and discounters. As a result, we are increasingly dependent on key retailers, which have significant bargaining power. In addition, some of these customers are vertically
integrated and may re-dedicate key shelf-space currently occupied by our products for their private label products. Higher levels of price competition and higher resistance to price increases are becoming more widespread in our business. During
2009, retailers began lowering their prices on milk to drive value for the end consumer and increase traffic flow, resulting in lower margins for the retailers. Increasingly, this margin compression is being absorbed by dairy processors. If we are
unable to structure our business to appropriately respond to the pricing demands of our customers, we may lose these customers to other processors that are willing to sell product at a lower cost. Additionally, if we are not able to lower our cost
structure adequately, our profitability could be adversely affected by the decrease in margin. 

Increased Competition
With Our Branded Products and Economic Conditions Could Impede Our Growth Rate and Profit Margin. 

Our Silk
soymilk and 
Horizon Organic food and beverage products have leading shares in their categories and have benefited in many cases from being the first to introduce products in their categories. As soy and organic products have gained in
popularity with consumers, our products in these categories have attracted competitors, including private label competitors who sell their products at a lower price. In addition, we may incur increased marketing costs for our branded products, which
can negatively impact our profitability. In periods of economic decline, consumers tend to purchase lower-priced products, including private label products and such as conventional milk, which could

13 

Table of Contents

reduce sales of our organic milk. The willingness of consumers to purchase our products will depend upon our ability to offer products providing the right consumer benefits at the right price.
Further trade down to lower priced products could adversely affect our sales and profit margin for our branded products. 

Many large food and beverage companies have substantially more resources than we do, and they may be able to market their products more successfully than we can, which could cause our growth rate in
certain categories to be slower than our forecast and could cause us to lose sales. For example, Our International Delight coffee creamer competes intensely with Nestlé 
CoffeeMate®

. Our failure to successfully compete with Nestlé, which has substantially more resources than we do, could have a material adverse effect on
the sales and profitability of our 
International Delight business. 

The Loss of Any of Our Largest Customers
Could Negatively Impact Our Sales and Profits. 

Our largest customer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and its subsidiaries,
including Sam’s Club, accounted for approximately 19.1% of consolidated net sales during 2009. During 2009, our top five customers, collectively, accounted for approximately 31.0% of our consolidated net sales. We do not generally enter into
sales agreements with our customers, and where such agreements exist, they are generally terminable at will by the customer. The loss of any large customer for an extended length of time could negatively impact our sales and profits. 

We are Subject to Competitive Bidding Situations, the Outcome of Which Could Negatively Impact Our Sales and Profits.

Many of our retail customers have become increasingly price sensitive in the current economic climate, which has
intensified the competitive environment in which we operate. Over the past few years, we have been subject to a number of competitive bidding situations, particularly within Fresh Dairy Direct, which reduced our profitability on sales to several
customers. We expect this trend of competitive bidding to continue. In bidding situations, we are subject to the risk of losing certain customers which could negatively impact our sales and profits. 

Commodity Risks 

Availability of and Changes in Raw Material and Other Input Costs Can Adversely Affect Us. 

Our business
is heavily dependent on raw materials such as conventional and organic raw milk, diesel fuel, resin and soybeans and other commodities. In addition to our dependence on conventional and organic raw milk, Fresh Dairy Direct is a large consumer of
diesel fuel and WhiteWave-Morningstar is affected by the costs of petroleum-based products through the use of common carriers and packaging. The prices of these materials increase and decrease based on market conditions, and in some cases,
governmental regulation. Weather, including the heightened impact of weather events related to climate change, also affects the availability and pricing of these inputs. Sometimes supplies of raw materials, such as resin, have been insufficient to
meet demand. Volatility in the cost of our raw materials, particularly diesel fuel and other non-dairy inputs, can significantly adversely affect our performance as upward price changes often lag changes in costs we charge our customers. In some
cases the price increases of these non-dairy inputs may exceed the price increases we are able to pass along to our customers due to contractual and other limitations. In periods of rapid movements in dairy commodities, our ability to pass through
costs is impaired due to the timing of passing through the price increases. These lags and limitations may decrease our profit margins. In addition, raw material cost fluctuations from year to year can cause our revenues to increase or decrease
significantly compared to prior periods. 

The organic dairy industry remains a relatively new category and continues to
experience significant swings in supply and demand. Industry regulation, and the costs of organic farming compared to prices paid for conventional farming can impact the supply of organic raw milk in the market. An oversupply of organic raw milk can
cause significant discounting in the sale of organic packaged milk, which increases competitive pressure on our branded products and could cause our profitability to suffer. An undersupply or higher input costs can increase the costs of organic raw
milk, which can cause retail price gaps between private label and branded products to expand, potentially decreasing our volumes and adversely affecting our results. The impact of retail price gaps may be compounded by the current economic
environment as consumers become increasingly focused on product pricing. In addition, consumers may choose to purchase conventional milk instead of organic milk due to differences in cost, which could further decrease our volumes and results.

14 

Table of Contents

Capital Markets and General Economic Risks 

We Have Substantial Debt and Other Financial Obligations and We May Incur Even More Debt. 

We have substantial debt and other financial obligations and significant unused borrowing capacity. At December 31, 2009, we had
outstanding borrowings of approximately $3.6 billion under our senior secured credit facility, of which $3.1 billion were in term loan borrowings with an additional $515.2 million in outstanding borrowings under our $1.5 billion senior secured
revolving line of credit. In addition, we had $642.0 million of face value of senior unsecured notes outstanding and nothing outstanding under our receivables-backed facility at December 31, 2009. 

We have pledged substantially all of our assets (including the assets of our subsidiaries) to secure our indebtedness. Our debt level and
related debt service obligations: 

•

 require us to dedicate significant cash flow to the payment of principal and interest on our debt which reduces the funds we have available for other
purposes; 

•

 may limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions or funding our strategic growth plan;

•

 impose on us additional financial and operational restrictions; 

•

 expose us to interest rate risk since a portion of our debt obligations are at variable rates; and 

•

 restrict our ability to fund acquisitions. 

In addition, in the current economic climate, investors are apprehensive about investing in companies such as ours that carry a substantial amount of leverage on their balance sheets, and this
apprehension may adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

Also, under our senior secured credit facility, we are
required to maintain certain financial covenants, including, but not limited to, maximum leverage and minimum interest coverage ratios. Failure to comply with the financial covenants (as defined in our credit agreement), or any other non-financial
or restrictive covenant, could create a default under our senior secured credit facility and under our receivables-backed facility. Upon a default, our lenders could accelerate the indebtedness under the facilities, foreclose against their
collateral or seek other remedies, which would jeopardize our ability to continue our current operations. We may be required to amend our credit facility, refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, incur additional indebtedness or
raise equity. Further, based upon our actual performance levels, our Leverage Ratio requirements or other financial covenants could limit our ability to incur additional debt under our senior secured credit facility, which could hinder our ability
to execute our current business strategy. 

Our ability to maintain an adequate level of liquidity in the future is dependent
on our ability to renew our Receivables-backed facility annually and refinance our senior secured credit facility, of which a portion matures in 2012 and the remainder in 2014. The timing, approach, and terms of any such refinancing would depend
upon market conditions and management’s judgment, among other factors. There are sizeable amounts of other outstanding credit facilities in the market that are currently scheduled to mature during the same timeframe as our senior secured credit
facility. This future refinancing demand could potentially reduce liquidity and credit availability in the capital markets and impact our ability to refinance our senior credit facility. 

While certain conditions in the worldwide and domestic economies may be showing signs of improvement, there continues to be volatility in
the capital markets, diminished liquidity and credit availability and continued counterparty risk. Given the current economic and capital market environment, we expect that the interest rates on our debt will increase as a result of any such
refinancing. In addition, the expenses associated with any such refinancing could be material. 

Recent Adverse Market
Events Have Caused Costs of Providing Employee Benefits to Escalate, Which May Adversely Affect Our Profitability and Liquidity. 

We sponsor various defined benefit and defined contribution retirement plans, as well as contribute to various multi-employer plans on behalf of our employees. Changes in interest rates or in the market
value of plan

15 

Table of Contents

assets could affect the funded status of our pension plans. This could cause volatility in our benefits costs and increase future funding requirements of our plans. Pension and post-retirement
costs also may be significantly affected by changes in key actuarial assumptions including anticipated rates of return on plan assets and the discount rates used in determining the projected benefit obligation and annual periodic pension costs. A
significant increase in future funding requirements could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Certain of our defined benefit retirement plans, as well as many of the multi-employer plans in which we participate, are less than fully funded. Recent changes in federal laws require plan sponsors to
eliminate, over defined time periods, the underfunded status of plans that are subject to ERISA rules and regulations. In addition, turmoil in the financial markets in 2008 brought significant declines in the fair market value of the equity and debt
instruments that we hold within our defined benefit master trust to settle future defined benefit plan obligations. Although our funded status as of December 31, 2009 increased by approximately $24.1 million from the prior year end, it is still
approximately $51.1 million lower than our funded status at December 31, 2007. This decline will continue to result in higher future funding requirements, as well as increased plan costs. In addition to the impact from our defined benefit
retirement plan, we expect the market events in 2008 to continue to result in higher future funding requirements related to multi-employer plans in which we participate. 

The Continued Recessionary Economy May Adversely Impact Our Business and Results of Operations. 

The dairy industry is sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, both nationally and locally. The continued recessionary economy may have an adverse effect on consumer spending patterns. Higher
levels of unemployment, higher consumer debt levels, or other unfavorable economic factors could adversely affect consumer demand for products we sell or distribute, which could adversely affect our results of operations. There can be no assurances
that government responses to the economic downturn will restore consumer confidence. 

Strategic Growth Plan Risks 

We May Not Realize Anticipated Benefits from Our Strategic Growth Plan. 

We are implementing a strategic growth plan, which includes a number of transformational initiatives, that we believe are necessary in order
to position our business for future success and growth. Our success depends in part on our ability to achieve a lower cost structure and operate efficiently in the highly competitive food and beverage industry, particularly in an environment of
increased competitive activity. In addition, it is critical that we have the appropriate personnel in place to continue to lead and execute our plan. We continue to implement profit-enhancing initiatives that impact our supply chain and related
functions. These initiatives are focused on cost-saving opportunities in procurement, distribution, conversion and network optimization. Over the next several years, these initiatives will require investments in people, systems, tools and
facilities. Our future success and earnings growth depends in part on our ability to reduce costs, improve efficiencies and better serve our customers. If we are unable to successfully implement these initiatives or fail to implement them as timely
as we anticipate, we could become cost disadvantaged in the marketplace, and our competitiveness and our profitability could decrease. 

Product, Supply Chain and Systems Risks 

We Must Identify Changing Consumer Preferences and
Develop and Offer Products to Meet Their Preferences. 

Consumer preferences evolve over time and the success of our
products depends on our ability to identify the tastes, dietary preferences and purchasing habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their preferences. Introduction of new products and product extensions requires significant
development and marketing investment, and we may fail to realize anticipated returns on such investments due to lack of consumer acceptance of such products. Currently, we believe consumers are trending toward health and wellness

16 

Table of Contents

beverages. Although we have increased our investment in innovation in order to capitalize on this trend, there are currently several global companies with greater resources which compete with us
in the health and wellness space. In 2009, we augmented our current product line by offering customers and consumers soy-based products manufactured with non-GMO soybeans. Our transition to non-GMO soybeans from organic soybeans may impact consumer
acceptance of our products. In addition, as consumers become increasingly aware of the environmental and social impacts of the products they purchase their preferences and purchasing decisions may change. If our products fail to meet changing
consumer preferences, the return on our investment in those areas will be less than anticipated and our product strategy may not succeed. 

We May Experience Liabilities or Harm to Our Reputation as a Result of Product Issues, Such as Product Recalls. 

We sell products for human consumption, which involves a number of risks. Product contamination, spoilage or other adulteration, product
misbranding or product tampering could require us to recall products. We also may be subject to liability if our products or operations violate applicable laws or regulations or in the event our products cause injury, illness or death. In addition,
we advertise our products and could be the target of claims relating to false or deceptive advertising under U.S. federal and state laws, including consumer protection statutes of some states. A significant product liability or other legal judgment
against us or a widespread product recall may negatively impact our profitability. Even if a product liability or consumer fraud claim is unsuccessful or is not merited, the negative publicity surrounding such assertions regarding our products or
processes could materially and adversely affect our reputation and brand image, particularly in categories such as fluid milk that have strong health and wellness credentials. 

Disruption of Our Supply Chain or Transportation Systems Could Adversely Affect Our Business. 

Damage or disruption to our manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather, natural disaster, fire, terrorism, pandemic, strikes,
the financial and/or operational instability of key suppliers, distributors, warehousing and transportation providers, or other reasons could impair our ability to manufacture or distribute our products. To the extent that we are unable, or it is
not financially feasible, to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, there could be an adverse effect on our business and results of operations, and additional resources could
be required to restore our supply chain. In addition, we are subject to federal motor carrier regulations, such as the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Act, with which our extensive DSD Delivery system must comply. Failure to comply with such
regulations could result in our inability to deliver product to our customers in a timely manner, which could adversely affect our reputation and our results. 

Our Business Operations Could be Disrupted if Our Information Technology Systems Fail to Perform Adequately. 

The efficient operation of our business depends on our information technology systems. We rely on our information technology systems to effectively manage our business data, communications, supply chain,
logistics, accounting, and other business processes. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain an appropriate technology infrastructure, our business or financial results could be negatively impacted.
In addition, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control, including systems failures, security breaches, and viruses. Any such damage or interruption could have a material
adverse effect on our business. 

Acquisition Risks 

The Failure to Successfully Integrate Acquisitions into Our Existing Operations Could Adversely Affect Our Financial Results. 

We have made several acquisitions in recent years including, most recently, our acquisition of the Alpro division of
Vandemoortele N.V., and we regularly review opportunities for strategic growth through future acquisitions. Potential risks associated with these acquisitions include the diversion of management’s attention

17 

Table of Contents

from other business concerns, the inability to achieve anticipated benefits from these acquisitions in the timeframe we anticipate, or at all, the inherent risks in entering geographic locations,
markets or lines of business in which we have limited prior experience, the inability to integrate the new operations, technologies and products of the acquired companies successfully with our existing businesses, the potential loss of key employees
and customers of the acquired companies, and the possible assumption of unknown liabilities, and potential disputes with the sellers. In addition, acquisitions outside the United States may present unique challenges and increase our exposure to
the risks associated with foreign operations, including foreign currency risks and compliance with foreign rules and regulations. Any or all of these risks could adversely impact our financial results. 

Legal and Regulatory Risks 

The Dairy Industry in Which We Operate Has Been Subject to Increased Government Scrutiny Which Could Have an Adverse Impact on Our Business. 

We are subject to antitrust and other competition laws in the United States and in the other countries in which we operate. We cannot predict how these laws or their interpretation, administration and
enforcement will impact us. Throughout 2009 and continuing in 2010, the dairy industry has been the subject of increased government scrutiny. Beginning in 2010, the current administration has initiated a review of existing dairy policies in order to
consider potential changes to those policies. This review process may result in changes to the dairy industry that we cannot anticipate and that may have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Pending Antitrust Lawsuits May have a Material Adverse Impact on Our Business. 

We are the subject of several antitrust lawsuits, the outcome of which we are unable to predict. Increased scrutiny of the dairy industry has
resulted, and may continue to result, in an increase in litigation or regulatory actions against us. Such lawsuits are expensive to defend and could cause a diversion of management’s attention. In addition to increased litigation costs, these
actions could expose us to negative publicity, which might adversely affect our brands, reputation and/or customer preference for our products. In addition, acquisition activities are regulated by these antitrust and competition laws and such
scrutiny could impact our ability to pursue strategic acquisitions in the future. 

Litigation or Legal Proceedings Could
Expose Us to Significant Liabilities and Have a Negative Impact on Our Reputation. 

We are party to various litigation
claims and legal proceedings. We evaluate these litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates, we
establish reserves and /or disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings, as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management
judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from our current assessments and estimates. 

Labor Disputes
Could Adversely Affect Us. 

As of December 31, 2009, approximately 36% of Fresh Dairy Direct’s and 41% of
WhiteWave-Morningstar’s employees participated in collective bargaining agreements. At any given time, we may face a number of union organizing drives. When we face union organizing drives, we and the union may disagree on important issues
which, in turn, could possibly lead to a strike, work slowdown or other job actions at one or more of our locations. A strike, work slowdown or other labor unrest could in some cases impair our ability to supply our products to customers, which
could result in reduced revenue and customer claims. In addition, proposed legislation, known as The Employee Free Choice Act, could make it significantly easier for union organizing drives to be successful and could give third-party arbitrators the
ability to impose terms of collective bargaining agreements upon us and a labor union if we and such union are unable to agree to the terms of a collective bargaining agreement. 

18 

Table of Contents

Our Business is Subject to Various Environmental Laws, Which May Increase Our
Compliance Costs. 

Our business operations are subject to numerous environmental and other air pollution control laws,
including the federal Clean Air Act, the federal Clean Water Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, as well as state and local statutes. These laws and regulations cover the discharge
of pollutants, wastewater, and hazardous materials into the environment. In addition, various laws and regulations addressing climate change are being considered or implemented at the federal and state levels. New legislation, as well as current
federal and other state regulatory initiatives relating to these environmental matters, could require us to replace equipment, install additional pollution controls, purchase various emission allowances or curtail operations. These costs could
adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Changes in Laws, Regulations and Accounting
Standards Could Have an Adverse Effect on Our Financial Results. 

We are subject to federal, state, local and
foreign governmental laws and regulations, including those promulgated by the United States Food and Drug Administration, the United States Department of Agriculture, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and numerous related regulations promulgated by the
Securities and Exchange Commission and the Financial Accounting Standards Board. Changes in federal, state or local laws, or the interpretations of such laws and regulations, may negatively impact our financial results or our ability to market our
products.