This report contains forward-looking statements within the
meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act.
Statements that are not historical in nature are forward-looking
statements about our future that are not statements of
historical fact. Most of these statements are found in this
report under the following subheadings: “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” and “Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk.” In some cases, you can
identify these statements by terminology such as
“may,” “should,” “could,”
“expects,” “seek to,”
“anticipates,” “plans,”
“believes,” “estimates,”
“intends,” “predicts,” “projects,”
“potential” or “continue” or the negative of
such terms and other comparable terminology. These statements
are only predictions, and in evaluating them, you should
carefully consider the information above, including in
“— Known Trends and Uncertainties,” as well
as the risks outlined below. Actual performance or results may
differ materially and adversely.

 Reorganization of Our WhiteWave Foods Company Segment
 Could Temporarily Adversely Affect the Performance of the
 Segment

In 2004, we began the process of consolidating the operations of
the three operating units that comprise our WhiteWave Foods
Company segment into a single business. We are building a
vertically integrated branded business with a focused product
portfolio, efficient manufacturing processes and an optimal
distribution system. During 2005, we appointed a new President
of our business, which was a key step in the development of a
consolidated leadership team for the organization. We also
completed the consolidation of

12

Table of Contents

the sales, marketing and research and development organization
and the supply chain integration is in process. We consolidated
most product manufacturing into five primary facilities, three
of which were transferred from our Dairy Group in 2005, and we
narrowed our network of co-packers. In 2006, we will continue to
focus on streamlining our product portfolio, focusing on the
most profitable opportunities, and on continuing to maximize our
production and distribution processes. We are currently in the
initial stages of implementing the SAP platform across the
WhiteWave Foods Company, which we expect will enable us to more
effectively and efficiently manage our supply chain and business
processes. Our failure to successfully manage this process could
cause us to incur unexpected costs or to lose customers or
sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our
financial results.

 Recent Successes of Our Products Could Attract Increased
 Competitive Activity, Which Could Impede Our Growth Rate and
 Cost Us Sales and, in the Case of Organic Products, Put Pressure
 on the Availability of Raw Materials

Our Silk soymilk and 
Horizon Organic organic food
and beverage products have leading market shares in their
categories and have benefited in many cases from being the first
to introduce products in their categories. As soy and organic
products continue to gain in popularity with consumers, we
expect our products in these categories to continue to attract
competitors. Many large food and beverage companies have
substantially more resources than we do and they may be able to
market their soy and organic products more successfully than us,
which could cause our growth rate in these categories to be
slower than our forecast and could cause us to lose sales. The
increase in popularity of soy and organic milks is also
attracting private label competitors who sell their products at
a lower price. The success of private label brands could
adversely affect our sales and profitability. Finally, there is
a limited supply of organic raw materials in the United States,
especially organic soybeans and organic raw milk. New entrants
into our markets can reduce available supply and drive up costs.
Even without new entrants, our own growth can put pressure on
the availability and price of organic raw materials.

Our International Delight coffee creamer competes
intensely with Nestlé 
CoffeeMate business, and our

Hershey’s milks and milkshakes compete intensely
with Nestlé 
Nesquik. Nestle has significantly
greater resources than we do, which allows them to promote their
products more aggressively. Our failure to successfully compete
with Nestle could have a material adverse effect on the sales
and profitability of our 
International Delight and/or our

Hershey’s businesses.

 Changes in Laws, Regulations and Accounting Standards
 Could Have an Adverse Effect on Our Financial Results

We are subject to federal, state, local and foreign governmental
laws and regulations, including those promulgated by the United
States Food and Drug Administration, the United States
Department of Agriculture, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and
numerous related regulations promulgated by the Securities and
Exchange Commission, the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board and the Financial Accounting Standards Board. Changes in
federal, state or local laws, or the interpretations of such
laws and regulations may negatively impact our financial results
or our ability to market our products.

 Loss of Rights to Any of Our Licensed Brands Could
 Adversely Affect Our Sales and Profits

We sell certain of our products under licensed brand names such
as
Borden®
,

Hershey’s, 
LAND O’LAKES,
Pet®
,
and others. In some cases, we have invested significant capital
in product development and marketing and advertising related to
these licensed brands. Should our rights to manufacture and sell
products under any of these names be terminated for any reason,
our financial performance and results of operations could be
materially and adversely affected.

 We Have Substantial Debt and Other Financial Obligations
 and We May Incur Even More Debt

We have substantial debt and other financial obligations and
significant unused borrowing capacity. See “Part II
Item 7. Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and
Capital Resources.”

13

Table of Contents

We have pledged substantially all of our assets (including the
assets of our subsidiaries) to secure our indebtedness. Our high
debt level and related debt service obligations:

• 

 require us to dedicate significant cash flow to the payment of
 principal and interest on our debt which reduces the funds we
 have available for other purposes,

• 

 may limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes
 in our business and market conditions,

• 

 impose on us additional financial and operational
 restrictions, and

• 

 expose us to interest rate risk since a portion of our debt
 obligations are at variable rates.

The interest rate on our debt is based on our debt rating, as
issued by Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s. We
have no ability to control the ratings issued by
Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s. A downgrade in
our debt rating could cause our interest rate to increase, which
could adversely affect our ability to achieve our targeted
profitability level, as well as our cash flow.

Our ability to make scheduled payments on our debt and other
financial obligations depends on our financial and operating
performance. Our financial and operating performance is subject
to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and
other factors, some of which are beyond our control. A
significant increase in interest rates could adversely impact
our net income. If we do not comply with the financial and other
restrictive covenants under our credit facilities, we may
default under them. Upon default, our lenders could accelerate
the indebtedness under the facilities, foreclose against their
collateral or seek other remedies, which would jeopardize our
ability to continue our current operations.