Competitive Risks

Industry Consolidation has Strengthened the Competitive Position of Our Retail Customers, Which May Put Pressures on Our
Operating Margins and Profitability. 

Many of our customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs and food distributors, have
experienced industry consolidation in recent years and this consolidation is expected to continue. These consolidations have produced large, sophisticated customers with increased buying power, and have increased the significance of large-format
retailers and discounters. As a result, we are increasingly dependent on key retailers, which have significant bargaining power. In addition, some of these customers are vertically integrated and may re-dedicate key shelf-space currently occupied by
our products for their private label products. Higher levels of price competition and higher resistance to price increases are becoming more widespread in our business. If we are unable to respond to these trends, our volume growth could slow or we
may need to lower prices or increase promotional spending for our products, any of which would adversely affect our profitability. 

Increased Competition With Our Branded and Organic Products Could Impede Our Growth Rate and Profit Margin. 

Our
Silk soymilk and 
Horizon Organic organic food and beverage products have leading market shares in their categories and have benefited in many cases from being the first to introduce products in their categories. As soy and organic
products have gained in popularity with consumers, our products in these categories have attracted competitors, including private label competitors who sell their products at a lower price. We have experienced a trade down from branded products to
private label brands as a result of widening price gaps and the downturn in the economy. Furthermore, in periods of economic decline, consumers tend to purchase lower-priced products, such as conventional milk, which could reduce sales of our
organic milk. The willingness of consumers to purchase our products will depend upon our ability to offer products providing the right consumer benefits at the right price. Further trade down to lower priced products could adversely affect our sales
and profit margin. 

Many large food and beverage companies have substantially more
resources than we do, and they may be able to market their products more successfully than we can, which could cause our growth rate in certain categories to be slower than our forecast and could cause us to lose sales. For example, Our
International Delight coffee creamer competes intensely with Nestlé 
CoffeeMate®

. Our failure to successfully compete with Nestlé, which has substantially more
resources than we do, could have a material adverse effect on the sales and profitability of our 
International Delight business. 

The Loss of One of Our Largest Customers Could Negatively Impact Our Sales and Profits. 

Our largest customer,
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including Sam’s Club, accounted for approximately 19% of consolidated net sales during 2008. During 2008, our top five customers, collectively, accounted for approximately 29% of our consolidated net
sales. The loss of any large customer for an extended length of time could negatively impact our sales and profits. In addition, we do not generally enter into sales 

13 

Table of Contents

agreements with our customers, and where such agreements exist, they are generally terminable at will by the customer. Finally, many of our retail customers
have become increasingly price sensitive in the current economic climate, which has intensified the competitive environment in which we operate. Over the past few years, we have been subject to a number of competitive bidding situations,
particularly within DSD Dairy, which reduced our profitability on sales to several customers. We expect this trend to continue. In bidding situations, we are subject to the risk of losing certain customers. 

Commodity Risks 

Availability of and
Changes in Raw Material and Other Input Costs Can Adversely Affect Us. 

Our business is heavily dependent on raw materials such as
conventional and organic raw milk, diesel fuel, resin and soybeans and other commodities. In addition to our dependence on conventional and organic raw milk, our DSD Dairy system is a large consumer of diesel fuel and WhiteWave-Morningstar is
affected by the costs of petroleum-based products through the use of common carriers. The prices of these materials increase and decrease based on market conditions, and in some cases, governmental regulation. Weather, including the heightened
impact of weather events related to climate change, also affects the availability and pricing of these inputs. Sometimes supplies of raw materials, such as resin, have been insufficient to meet demand. Volatility in the cost of our raw materials can
significantly adversely affect our performance as upward price changes often lag changes in costs we charge our customers, and in some cases these price increases may exceed the price increases we are able to pass along to our customers. These lags
and limitations may decrease our profit margins. High raw material costs can also decrease our margins and our volumes. In addition, raw material cost fluctuations from year to year can cause our revenues to increase or decrease significantly
compared to prior periods. 

The organic dairy industry remains a relatively new category and continues to experience significant swings in
supply and demand. Industry regulation, and the costs of organic farming compared to prices paid for conventional farming can impact the supply of organic raw milk in the market. A substantial amount of the organic milk we produce is sold under the
Horizon Organic brand, for which we incur increased marketing costs. An oversupply of organic raw milk can cause significant discounting in the organic milk market, which increases competitive pressure on our branded products and could cause
our profitability to suffer. An undersupply or higher input costs can increase the costs of organic raw milk, which can cause retail price gaps between private label and branded products to expand, which could decrease our volumes and adversely
affect our results. The impact of retail price gaps may be compounded by the current economic environment as consumers become increasingly focused on product pricing. 

Capital Markets and General Economic Risks 

We Have Substantial Debt and Other
Financial Obligations and We May Incur Even More Debt. 

We have substantial debt and other financial obligations and significant
unused borrowing capacity. At December 31, 2008, we had outstanding borrowings of approximately $3.27 billion under our senior secured credit facility, all of which were in term loan borrowings. There were no outstanding borrowings under the
revolving line of credit. In addition, we had $752.2 million of senior unsecured notes outstanding and $460.0 million outstanding under our receivables-backed facility at December 31, 2008. 

We have pledged substantially all of our assets (including the assets of our subsidiaries) to secure our indebtedness. Our debt level and related debt
service obligations: 

•

 require us to dedicate significant cash flow to the payment of principal and interest on our debt which reduces the funds we have available for other purposes;

•

 may limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions or funding our strategic growth plan;

•

 impose on us additional financial and operational restrictions; 

•

 expose us to interest rate risk since a portion of our debt obligations are at variable rates; and 

•

 restrict our ability to fund acquisitions. 

14 

Table of Contents

In addition, in the current economic climate, investors are apprehensive about investing in companies
such as ours that carry a substantial amount of leverage on their balance sheets, and this apprehension may adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

Also, under our senior secured credit facility, we are required to maintain certain financial covenants, including, but not limited to, maximum leverage and minimum interest coverage ratios. Failure to comply with the
Leverage Ratio (as defined in our credit agreement), or any other financial or restrictive covenant, could create a default under our senior secured credit facility and under our receivables-backed facility. Upon a default, our lenders could
accelerate the indebtedness under the facilities, foreclose against their collateral or seek other remedies, which would jeopardize our ability to continue our current operations. We may be required to amend our credit facility, refinance all or
part of our existing debt, sell assets, incur additional indebtedness or raise equity. Further, our actual performance levels under this reduced Leverage Ratio or our other financial covenants could limit our ability to incur additional debt under
our senior secured credit facility, which could hinder our ability to execute our current business strategy. 

Recent Adverse Market
Events Have Caused Costs of Providing Employee Benefits to Escalate, Which May Adversely Affect Our Profitability and Liquidity. 

We
sponsor various defined benefit and defined contribution retirement plans, as well as contribute to various multi-employer plans on behalf of our employees. Certain of our defined benefit retirement plans, as well as many of the multi-employer plans
in which we participate, are less than fully funded. Recent changes in federal laws require plan sponsors to eliminate, over defined time periods, the underfunded status of plans that are subject to ERISA rules and regulations. In addition, turmoil
in the financial markets in 2008 brought significant declines in the fair market value of the equity and debt instruments that we hold within our defined benefit master trust to settle future defined benefit plan obligations. Due in part to the
decline in the value of these investments, our funded status as of December 31, 2008 declined by approximately $75.0 million from the prior year end. This decline will result in an increase in future funding requirements, as well as increased
plan costs. In addition to the impact from our defined benefit retirement plan, we expect the recent market events to increase the future funding requirements related to multi-employer plans in which we participate. 

The Recent Disruptions in the Overall Economy and the Financial Markets May Adversely Impact Our Business and Results of Operations.

The dairy industry is sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, both nationally and locally. Recent disruptions in
global financial markets and banking systems have made it more difficult for companies to access credit and capital markets. Continuing volatility in the credit and capital markets could potentially impair our and our customers’ ability to
access these markets and increase associated costs, and there can be no assurance that we will not be materially affected by these financial market disruptions as economic events and circumstances continue to evolve. 

In addition, the recent economic downturn may have an adverse effect on consumer spending patterns. A recessionary economic cycle, higher levels of
unemployment, higher consumer debt levels, or other unfavorable economic factors could adversely affect consumer demand for products we sell or distribute, which could adversely affect our results of operations. There can be no assurances that
government responses to the economic downturn will restore consumer confidence. 

We May be Exposed to Counterparty Risks in Certain
of Our Financial Instruments. 

We have access to capital through our senior secured credit facility and our receivables-backed
facility, each of which is provided by a syndicate of financial institutions. Each financial institution in the syndicate is responsible on a several, but not joint, basis for providing a portion of the loans under each respective facility. If any
of the participants in the syndicate fails to satisfy its obligations to extend credit under the facility, the other participants refuse or are unable to assume its obligations, and we are unable to find an alternative source of funding at
comparable rates, our liquidity may be adversely affected or our interest expense may increase substantially. 

From time to time we enter
into arrangements with other parties to hedge our exposure to fluctuations in commodity prices, and currency and interest rates, including swap agreements. Recently, a number of financial 

15 

Table of Contents

institutions similar to those that serve as counterparties to our hedging arrangements have been adversely affected by the global credit crisis and in some
cases have been unable to fulfill their debts and other obligations. If any of the counterparties to our hedging arrangements becomes unable to fulfill its obligations to us, we may lose the financial benefits of these arrangements. 

American International Group (AIG), which currently has an A.M. Best rating of bbb, provides a portion of our overall insurance coverage. Recently, AIG
has experienced significant financial issues associated with the troubled credit markets, and has received financial support from the U.S. Government. It is unclear whether the restructuring of AIG will cause AIG to alter its coverage position or
reimbursement policies. The inability of AIG to provide coverage under any of our insurance policies could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Strategic Growth Plan Risks 

We May Not
Realize Anticipated Benefits from Our Strategic Growth Plan. 

We are implementing a strategic growth plan, which includes a number
of transformational initiatives, that we believe are necessary in order to position our business for future success and growth. These initiatives include centralizing certain of our functions and optimizing our manufacturing and distribution
capabilities. Over the next several years, these initiatives will require investments in people, systems, tools and facilities. Our future success and earnings growth depends in part on our ability to reduce costs, improve efficiencies and better
serve our customers. If we are unable to successfully implement these initiatives, or fail to implement them as timely as we anticipate, we could become cost disadvantaged in the marketplace, lose customers and experience declines in market share.

Centralization of certain functions.    We are currently realigning certain functions of our business in order
to further streamline our organization, improve efficiency and better meet the needs of our customers. These initiatives involve centralizing certain of our purchasing, selling, support and decision making and brand building activities, which we
anticipate will enable us to more effectively and efficiently manage our business. Our failure to successfully manage these transitions could cause us to incur unexpected costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial results. In
addition, the impact of these actions on our earnings growth and profitability may be influenced by factors including but not limited to: (1) our ability to retain and attract key employees and operating officers; (2) our ability to
execute these initiatives in a cost effective manner; (3) our ability to maintain satisfactory relationships with our customers; and (4) our ability to maintain satisfactory relationships with our suppliers. 

Optimizing our manufacturing and distribution capabilities.    Due to the perishable nature of its products, DSD Dairy
delivers the majority of its products through its DSD system. We believe that our DSD system is one of the most extensive refrigerated DSD systems in the United States. We also have an extensive network of manufacturing plants across the country.
These plants and their related distribution systems were acquired by us over time and are not yet designed or configured to fully maximize productivity and efficiency. We continue to evaluate our entire supply chain and anticipate over the next
several years that we will realign our manufacturing and distribution capabilities. However, if we are unsuccessful in our efforts to streamline and upgrade our manufacturing and distribution capabilities, we could be faced with unrealized profit
potential. 

Product and Product Manufacturing Risks 

We Must Identify Changing Consumer Preferences and Develop and Offer Products to Meet Their Preferences. 

Consumer preferences evolve over time and the success of our products depends on our ability to identify the tastes, dietary preferences and purchasing habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their
preferences. Introduction of new products and product extensions requires significant development and marketing investment. Currently, we believe consumers are trending toward health and wellness beverages. Although we have increased our investment
in innovation in order to capitalize on this trend, there are currently 

16 

Table of Contents

several global companies with greater resources which compete with us in the health and wellness space. In 2009, we will be augmenting our current product
line by offering customers and consumers soy-based products manufactured with non-GMO soybeans. Our transition to non-GMO soybeans from organic soybeans could impact consumer acceptance of our products. In addition, as consumers become increasingly
aware of climate change and the sources of greenhouse gas emissions, to which agriculture, including dairy farming, is a contributor, their preferences and purchasing decisions may change. If our products fail to meet changing consumer preferences,
the return on our investment in those areas will be less than anticipated and our product strategy may not succeed. 

We May
Experience Liabilities or Harm to Our Reputation as a Result of Product Issues, Such as Product Recalls. 

We sell products for
human consumption, which involves a number of risks. Product contamination, spoilage or other adulteration, product misbranding or product tampering could require us to recall products. We also may be subject to liability if our products or
operations violate applicable laws or regulations or in the event our products cause injury, illness or death. In addition, we advertise our products and could be the target of claims relating to false or deceptive advertising under U.S. federal and
state laws, including consumer protection statutes of some states. A significant product liability or other legal judgment against us or a widespread product recall may negatively impact our profitability. Even if a product liability or consumer
fraud claim is unsuccessful or is not merited, the negative publicity surrounding such assertions regarding our products or processes could materially and adversely affect our reputation and brand image, particularly in categories such as fluid milk
that have strong health and wellness credentials. 

Disruption of Our Supply Chain Could Adversely Affect Our Business.

Damage or disruption to our manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather, natural disaster, fire, terrorism, pandemic,
strikes, the financial and/or operational instability of key suppliers, distributors, warehousing and transportation providers, or other reasons could impair our ability to manufacture or distribute our products. To the extent that we are unable, or
it is not financially feasible, to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, there could be an adverse affect on our business and results of operations, and additional resources
could be required to restore our supply chain. 

Legal and Regulatory Risks 

Litigation or Legal Proceedings Could Expose Us to Significant Liabilities and Have a Negative Impact on Our Reputation. 

We are party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings. We evaluate these litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of
unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible, the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates, we establish reserves and /or disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings, as appropriate. These
assessments and estimates are based on the information available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from our current assessments and estimates.

Labor Disputes Could Adversely Affect Us. 

As of December 31, 2008, approximately 37% of DSD Dairy’s and 41% of WhiteWave-Morningstar’s employees participated in collective bargaining agreements. At any given time, we may face a number of union
organizing drives. When we face union organizing drives, we and the union may disagree on important issues which, in turn, could possibly lead to a strike, work slowdown or other job actions at one or more of our locations. A strike, work slowdown
or other labor unrest could in some cases impair our ability to supply our products to customers, which could result in reduced revenue and customer claims. In addition, proposed legislation, known as The Employee Free Choice Act, could make it
significantly easier for union organizing drives to be successful and could give third-party arbitrators the ability to impose terms of collective bargaining agreements upon us and a labor union if we and such union are unable to agree to the terms
of a collective bargaining agreement. 

17 

Table of Contents

Our Business is Subject to Various Environmental Laws, Which May Increase Our Compliance Costs.

Our business operations are subject to numerous environmental and other air pollution control laws, including the federal Clean Air
Act, the federal Clean Water Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, as well as state and local statutes. These laws and regulations cover the discharge of pollutants, wastewater, and
hazardous materials into the environment. In addition, various laws and regulations addressing climate change are being considered or implemented at the federal and state levels. New legislation, as well as current federal and other state regulatory
initiatives relating to these environmental matters, could require us to replace equipment, install additional pollution controls, purchase various emission allowances or curtail operations. These costs could adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition. 

Changes in Laws, Regulations and Accounting Standards Could Have an Adverse Effect on Our
Financial Results. 

We are subject to federal, state, local and foreign governmental laws and regulations, including those
promulgated by the United States Food and Drug Administration, the United States Department of Agriculture, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and numerous related regulations promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board and the Financial Accounting Standards Board. Changes in federal, state or local laws, or the interpretations of such laws and regulations, may negatively impact our financial results or our ability to market our products.