This report contains forward-looking statements within the
 meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act.
 Statements that are not historical in nature are forward-looking
 statements about our future that are not statements of
 historical fact. Most of these statements are found in this
 report under the following subheadings: “Management’s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
 Operations” and “Quantitative and Qualitative
 Disclosures About Market Risk.” In some cases, you can
 identify these statements by terminology such as
 “may,” “should,” “could,”
 “expects,” “seek to,”
 “anticipates,” “plans,”
 “believes,” “estimates,”
 “intends,” “predicts,” “projects,”
 “potential” or “continue” or the negative of
 such terms and other comparable terminology. These statements
 are only predictions, and in evaluating them, you should
 carefully consider the information above, including in
 “— Known Trends and Uncertainties,” as well
 as the risks outlined below. Actual performance or results may
 differ materially and adversely.

 11

Table of Contents

 Reorganization
 of Our WhiteWave Foods Company Segment Could Temporarily
 Adversely Affect the Performance of the Segment

 In 2004, we began the process of consolidating the operations of
 the three operating units that comprise our WhiteWave Foods
 Company segment into a single business. During 2005, we
 appointed a new President of WhiteWave Foods Company, which was
 a key step in the development of a consolidated leadership team
 for the organization. We also completed the consolidation of the
 sales, marketing and research and development organization and
 began the process of integrating our supply chain. We
 consolidated most product manufacturing into five primary
 facilities, three of which were transferred from our Dairy Group
 in 2005, and we narrowed our network of co-packers. In 2006, we
 focused on streamlining our product portfolio, focusing on the
 most profitable opportunities, and on continuing to optimize our
 supply chain. On January 1, 2006, we transferred our
 Rachel’s Organic business in the United Kingdom from our
 former International division to WhiteWave Foods Company. In
 addition, in 2006 we installed the Silk and 
Horizon
 Organic brands and a portion of our plant network onto the
 SAP enterprise operating software platform. We expect to
 complete the installation of the remainder of our brands and
 production facilities in 2007. The implementation of the SAP
 platform across WhiteWave Foods Company will enable us to more
 effectively and efficiently manager our supply chain and
 business processes. Our failure to successfully manage this
 process could cause us to incur unexpected costs or to lose
 customers or sales, which could have a material adverse effect
 on our financial results.

 Reorganization
 of Our Dairy Group Segment Could Temporarily Adversely Affect
 the Performance of the Segment

 In 2006, we started the process of realigning our Dairy Group
 segment in order to further streamline our organization, improve
 efficiency within our operations and better meet the needs of
 our customers. We are currently focused on reorganizing our
 purchasing, finance and other administrative functions to better
 leverage our scale, which we expect will enable us to more
 effectively and efficiently manage our business processes.
 Furthermore, we are in the process of consolidating our
 information technology systems, including the implementation of
 standard accounting and distribution software packages. Our
 failure to successfully manage this process could cause us to
 incur unexpected costs, which could have a material adverse
 effect on our financial results.

 The
 Consolidation of Retail Customers May Put Pressures on Our
 Operating Margins and Profitability

 Our customers such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs and food
 distributors, have consolidated in recent years and
 consolidation is expected to continue. These consolidations have
 produced large, sophisticated customers with increased buying
 power. These customers may use shelf space currently used for
 our products for their private label products. If we fail to
 respond to these trends, our volume growth could slow or we may
 need to lower prices or increase promotional spending for our
 products, any of which would adversely affect our profitability.

 Availability
 and Changes in Raw Material and Other Input Costs Can Adversely
 Affect Us

 Raw skim milk is the most significant raw material that we use
 in our Dairy Group. Organic raw milk, organic soybeans and sugar
 are significant inputs utilized by WhiteWave Foods Company. The
 prices of these materials increase and decrease based on supply
 and demand, and in some cases, governmental regulation. Weather
 also affects the availability and pricing of these inputs. In
 many cases we are able to adjust our pricing to reflect changes
 in raw material costs. Volatility in the cost of our raw
 materials can adversely affect our performance as price changes
 often lag changes in costs. These lags tend to erode our profit
 margins. Furthermore, cost increases may exceed the price
 increases we are able to pass along to our customers. Extremely
 high raw material costs also can put downward pressure on our
 margins and our volumes. We expect certain raw material prices,
 including raw skim milk prices, to increase in 2007.

 In the recent past, the industry-wide demand for organic raw
 milk has generally exceeded supply, resulting in our inability
 to fully meet customer demand. However, our efforts to foster
 increased supply have increased overall industry supply which
 has eased the historical shortfall in supply. We are currently
 taking steps to increase consumer demand for our products to
 avoid a meaningful oversupply of raw organic milk; however,
 there can be no

 12

Table of Contents

 assurance that the supply of raw organic milk in the market will
 not exceed demand in an amount that could exert downward pricing
 pressure on the sale of our products and negatively impact our
 profitability.

 Because our Dairy Group delivers the majority of its products
 directly to customers through its “direct store
 delivery” system, we are a large consumer of fuel.
 Similarly, our WhiteWave Foods business is impacted by the costs
 of petroleum-based products through the use of common carriers
 in delivering their products. The Dairy Group utilizes a
 significant amount of resin, which is the primary component used
 in our plastic bottles. Resin supplies have from time to time
 been insufficient to meet demand. Over the first nine months of
 2006, the prices of resin and fuel increased before decreasing
 over the last three months of the year. Increases in fuel and
 resin prices can adversely affect our results of operations. In
 addition, a disruption in our ability to secure an adequate
 resin supply could adversely affect our operations.

 Our
 Products Could Attract Increased Competitive Activity, Which
 Could Impede Our Growth Rate and Cost Us Sales

 Our Silk soymilk and 
Horizon Organic organic food
 and beverage products have leading market shares in their
 categories and have benefited in many cases from being the first
 to introduce products in their categories. As soy and organic
 products continue to gain in popularity with consumers, we
 expect our products in these categories to continue to attract
 competitors. Many large food and beverage companies have
 substantially more resources than we do, and they may be able to
 market their soy and organic products more successfully than us,
 which could cause our growth rate in these categories to be
 slower than our forecast and could cause us to lose sales. The
 increase in popularity of soy and organic milks is also
 attracting private label competitors who sell their products at
 a lower price. The success of private label brands could
 adversely affect our sales and profitability. The willingness of
 consumers to purchase our products will depend upon our ability
 to offer products providing the right consumer benefits at the
 right price. Furthermore, in periods of economic uncertainty,
 consumers tend to purchase more private label or other
 lower-priced products which could result in a reduction of sales.

 Our International Delight coffee creamer competes
 intensely with Nestlé 
CoffeeMate business, and our

Hershey’s milks and milkshakes compete intensely
 with Nestlé 
Nesquik. Nestle has significantly
 greater resources than we do, which allows them to promote their
 products more aggressively. Our failure to successfully compete
 with Nestle could have a material adverse effect on the sales
 and profitability of our 
International Delight and/or our

Hershey’s businesses.

 We May
 Experience Liabilities or Negative Effects on Our Reputation as
 a Result of Product Recalls, Product Injuries or Other Legal
 Claims

 We sell products for human consumption, which involves a number
 of legal risks. Product contamination, spoilage or other
 adulteration, product misbranding or product tampering could
 require us to recall products. We also may be subject to
 liability if our products or operations violate applicable laws
 or regulations or in the event our products cause injury,
 illness or death. In addition, we advertise our products and
 could be the target of claims relating to false or deceptive
 advertising under U.S. federal and state laws, including
 consumer protection statutes of some states. A significant
 product liability or other legal judgment against us or a
 widespread product recall may negatively impact our
 profitability. Even if a product liability or consumer fraud
 claim is unsuccessful or is not merited, the negative publicity
 surrounding such assertions regarding our products or processes
 could adversely affect our reputation and brand image.

 Changes
 in Laws, Regulations and Accounting Standards Could Have an
 Adverse Effect on Our Financial Results

 We are subject to federal, state, local and foreign governmental
 laws and regulations, including those promulgated by the United
 States Food and Drug Administration, the United States
 Department of Agriculture, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and
 numerous related regulations promulgated by the Securities and
 Exchange Commission, the Public Company Accounting Oversight
 Board and the Financial Accounting Standards Board. Changes in
 federal, state or local laws, or the interpretations of such
 laws and regulations may negatively impact our financial results
 or our ability to market our products.

 13

Table of Contents

 Loss
 of Rights to Any of Our Licensed Brands Could Adversely Affect
 Our Sales and Profits

 We sell certain of our products under licensed brand names such
 as
 Borden®,
 Hershey’s
, 
LAND O’LAKES,
 Pet®
,
 and others. In some cases, we have invested significant capital
 in product development and marketing and advertising related to
 these licensed brands. Should our rights to manufacture and sell
 products under any of these names be terminated for any reason,
 our financial performance and results of operations could be
 materially and adversely affected.

 We
 Have Substantial Debt and Other Financial Obligations and We May
 Incur Even More Debt

 We have substantial debt and other financial obligations and
 significant unused borrowing capacity. See “Part II
 Item 7. Management Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations — Liquidity and
 Capital Resources.”

 We have pledged substantially all of our assets (including the
 assets of our subsidiaries) to secure our indebtedness. Our debt
 level and related debt service obligations:

 • 

 require us to dedicate significant cash flow to the payment of
 principal and interest on our debt which reduces the funds we
 have available for other purposes,

 • 

 may limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes
 in our business and market conditions,

 • 

 impose on us additional financial and operational restrictions,
 and

 • 

 expose us to interest rate risk since a portion of our debt
 obligations are at variable rates.

 The interest rate on certain of our debt is based on our debt
 rating, as issued by Standard & Poor’s and
 Moody’s. We have no ability to control the ratings issued
 by Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s. A downgrade
 in our debt rating could cause our interest rate to increase,
 which could adversely affect our ability to achieve our targeted
 profitability level, as well as our cash flow.

 Our ability to make scheduled payments on our debt and other
 financial obligations depends on our financial and operating
 performance. Our financial and operating performance is subject
 to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and
 other factors, some of which are beyond our control. A
 significant increase in interest rates could adversely impact
 our net income. If we do not comply with the financial and other
 restrictive covenants under our credit facilities, we may
 default under them. Upon default, our lenders could accelerate
 the indebtedness under the facilities, foreclose against their
 collateral or seek other remedies, which would jeopardize our
 ability to continue our current operations.