Competitive Risks 

Continued Discounting of Fluid Milk by Large Format Retailers, and the Continued Shift to Private Label, Has Decreased Our Operating Margins and Profitability. 

Many of our customers, such as supermarkets, warehouse clubs and food distributors, have experienced industry
consolidation in recent years and this consolidation is expected to continue. These consolidations have produced large, sophisticated customers with increased buying power, and have increased the significance of large-format retailers and
discounters. As a result, we are increasingly dependent on key retailers, which have significant bargaining power. In addition, some of these customers are vertically integrated and have re-dedicated key shelf-space currently occupied by our
regionally branded products for their private label products. Higher levels of price competition and higher resistance to price increases have had a significant impact on our business. During 2010, retailers continued the trend of discounting their
prices on milk to drive value for the end consumer and to increase traffic flow, resulting in lower margins for the retailers. Retailers in turn pushed suppliers for lower prices, which has decreased our margins. In addition, the fluid milk category
experienced unusually low pricing on private label milk during 2010, which widened the price gaps between private label and our regional brands. As a result, we are experiencing a continued shift from branded to private label products, which further
impacts our profitability. If we are unable to structure our business to appropriately respond to the pricing demands of our customers, we may lose these customers to other processors that are willing to sell product at a

14 

Table of Contents

lower cost. Additionally, if we are not able to lower our cost structure adequately, our profitability could continue to be adversely affected by the decrease in margin. 

Volume Softness in the Dairy Category Has Had a Negative Impact on Our Sales and Profits. 

Industry wide volume softness across dairy product categories during much of 2010, as compared to 2009, has increased the
impact of declining margins on our business. Periods of declining volumes limit the amount of price increases that we can seek to recapture. If these trends continue or accelerate, our business could be further negatively impacted. In addition,
during 2010, we experienced a decline in historical volumes from some of our largest customers, which negatively impacted our sales and profitability and which will continue to have a negative impact in the future if we are not able to attract and
retain a profitable customer mix. 

Increased Competition With Our Nationally Branded Products and
Economic Conditions Could Impede Our Growth Rate and Profit Margin. 

Our national brands such as
Silk soymilk, 
Horizon Organic, Land O Lakes and
 International Delight have benefited in many cases from being the first to introduce products in their categories. As plant-based, organic and coffee-enhancing products have
gained in popularity with consumers, our products in these categories have attracted competitors, including private label competitors who sell their products at a lower price. In addition, our nationally branded products typically have higher
marketing costs than our regionally branded or private label products, which could negatively impact the profitability of this segment of our business. In periods of economic decline, consumers tend to purchase lower-priced products, including
conventional milk, coffee creamers and other private label products, which could reduce sales of our nationally branded products. The willingness of consumers to purchase our products will depend upon our ability to offer products providing the
right consumer benefits at the right price. Further trade down to lower priced products could adversely affect our sales and profit margin for our nationally branded products. 

Many large food and beverage companies have substantially more resources than we do, and they may be able to market their
products more successfully than we can, which could cause our growth rate in certain categories to be slower than our forecast and could cause us to lose sales. Some of our nationally branded products compete intensely for consumer spend. If our
nationally branded products fail to compete successfully with other branded offerings in the marketplace, our sales and profitability could be negatively impacted. 

The Loss of Any of Our Largest Customers Could Negatively Impact Our Sales and Profits. 

Our largest customer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and its subsidiaries, including Sam’s Club, accounted for approximately
19% of consolidated net sales during 2010. During 2010, our top five customers, collectively, accounted for approximately 30% of our consolidated net sales. We do not generally enter into sales agreements with our customers, and where such
agreements exist, they are generally terminable at will by the customer. The loss of any large customer for an extended length of time could negatively impact our sales and profits. 

We are Subject to Competitive Bidding Situations, the Outcome of Which Could Negatively Impact Our Sales and
Profits. 

Many of our retail customers have become increasingly price sensitive in the current
economic climate, which has intensified the competitive environment in which we operate. As a result of the intensely competitive dairy environment, we have been subject to a number of competitive bidding situations, particularly within Fresh Dairy
Direct-Morningstar, which reduced our profitability on sales to several customers. We expect this trend of competitive bidding to continue. In bidding situations, we are subject to the risk of losing certain customers altogether, which could
negatively impact our sales and profits. 

15 

Table of Contents

Commodity Risks 

Availability of and Changes in Raw Material and Other Input Costs Can Adversely Affect Us. 

Our business is heavily dependent on raw materials such as conventional and organic raw milk, butterfat, diesel fuel,
resin and soybeans and other commodities. In addition to our dependence on conventional and organic raw milk, Fresh Dairy Direct-Morningstar is a large consumer of diesel fuel and WhiteWave-Alpro is affected by the costs of petroleum-based products
through the use of common carriers and packaging. The prices of these materials increase and decrease based on market conditions, and in some cases, governmental regulation. Weather, including the heightened impact of weather events related to
climate change, also affects the availability and pricing of these inputs. Sometimes supplies of raw materials, such as resin, have been insufficient to meet demand. Volatility in the cost of our raw materials, particularly diesel fuel and other
non-dairy inputs, has adversely affected our profitability as upward price changes often lag changes in costs we charge our customers. In some cases the price increases of these non-dairy inputs may exceed the price increases we are able to pass
along to our customers due to contractual and other limitations. In periods of rapid movements in dairy commodities, our ability to pass-through costs is impaired due to the timing of passing through the price increases. These lags and limitations
have periodically decreased our profit margins in inflationary markets. In addition, raw material cost fluctuations from year to year can cause our revenues to increase or decrease significantly compared to prior periods. 

The organic dairy industry is continuing to develop in terms of consumer acceptance and market penetration, and, as a
result, continues to experience significant swings in supply and demand. Industry regulation, and the costs of organic farming compared to prices paid for conventional farming can impact the supply of organic raw milk in the market. An oversupply of
organic raw milk can cause significant discounting in the sale of organic packaged milk, which increases competitive pressure on our branded products and could cause our profitability to suffer. An undersupply or higher input costs can increase the
costs of organic raw milk, which can cause retail price gaps between private label and branded products to expand, potentially decreasing our volumes and adversely affecting our results. The impact of retail price gaps may be compounded by the
current economic environment as consumers become increasingly focused on product pricing. In addition, consumers may choose to purchase conventional milk instead of organic milk due to differences in cost, which could further decrease our volumes
and results. 

Capital Markets and General Economic Risks 

We Have Substantial Debt and Other Financial Obligations and We May Incur Even More Debt. 

We have substantial debt and other financial obligations and significant unused borrowing capacity. At December 31,
2010, we had outstanding borrowings of approximately $3.0 billion under our senior secured credit facility, of which $2.6 billion were in term loan borrowings with an additional $453.0 million in outstanding borrowings under our
$1.5 billion senior secured revolving line of credit. In addition, we had $1.0 billion of face value of senior unsecured notes outstanding and nothing outstanding under our receivables-backed facility at December 31, 2010. 

We have pledged substantially all of our assets (including the assets of our subsidiaries) to secure our indebtedness.
Our debt level and related debt service obligations: 

•

 require us to dedicate significant cash flow to the payment of principal and interest on our debt which reduces the funds we have available for
other purposes; 

•

 may limit our flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in our business and market conditions or funding our strategic growth plan;

•

 impose on us additional financial and operational restrictions; 

•

 expose us to interest rate risk since a portion of our debt obligations are at variable rates; and 

•

 restrict our ability to fund acquisitions. 

16 

Table of Contents

In addition, in the current economic climate, investors may be apprehensive
about investing in companies such as ours that carry a substantial amount of leverage on their balance sheets, and this apprehension may adversely affect the price of our common stock. 

Under our senior secured credit facility, we are required to maintain certain financial covenants, including, but not
limited to, maximum senior secured leverage, maximum leverage and minimum interest coverage ratios, each as defined under and calculated in accordance with the terms of our senior credit facility and receivables-backed facility. As of
December 31, 2010, our maximum permitted leverage ratio was 5.75 times consolidated funded indebtedness to consolidated EBITDA for the prior four consecutive quarters. As of December 31, 2010, our leverage ratio was 5.13 times. The maximum
permitted leverage ratio under both the senior secured credit facility and the receivables facility will decline to 5.50 times as of March 31, 2012. Failure to comply with the financial covenants (as defined in our credit agreements), or any
other non-financial or restrictive covenant, could create a default under our senior secured credit facility and under our receivables-backed facility. Upon a default, our lenders could accelerate the indebtedness under the facilities, foreclose
against their collateral or seek other remedies, which would jeopardize our ability to continue our current operations. We may be required to amend our credit facility, refinance all or part of our existing debt, sell assets, incur additional
indebtedness or raise equity. Further, based upon our actual performance levels, our senior secured leverage ratio, leverage ratio and minimum interest coverage ratio requirements or other financial covenants could limit our ability to incur
additional debt, which could hinder our ability to execute our current business strategy. 

Throughout 2010,
significant pricing pressures from our retailer customers, as well as volume declines, decreased our operating profitability. Our ability to make scheduled payments on our debt and other financial obligations and comply with financial covenants
depends on our financial and operating performance. Our financial and operating performance will continue to be subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and other factors, some of which are beyond our control. 

Our ability to maintain an adequate level of liquidity in the future is dependent on our ability to renew our
receivables-backed facility annually and refinance our senior secured credit facility, portions of which mature beginning in 2012. See “Part II — Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources — Current Obligations” below for more information. The timing, approach, and terms of any such refinancing would depend upon market conditions and management’s judgment, among other
factors. 

An Impairment in the Carrying Value of Goodwill Could Negatively Impact Our Consolidated
Results of Operations and Net Worth. 

As of December 31, 2010, we had $3.2 billion of
goodwill representing approximately 40% of our total assets, of which $2.5 billion was associated with our Fresh Dairy Direct-Morningstar segment, and $0.7 billion was associated with our WhiteWave-Alpro segment. We record goodwill
initially at fair value and review its fair value for impairment at least annually, as of December 1, or more frequently if impairment indicators, such as disruptions to the business, unexpected significant declines in operating performance or
sustained market capitalization declines, are present. Goodwill impairment is determined using a two-step process. The first step is to identify if a potential impairment exists by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying
amount, including goodwill. If the fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill of the reporting unit is not considered to have a potential impairment and the second step of the impairment test is not necessary. However, if
the carrying amount of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the second step is performed to determine if goodwill is impaired and to measure the amount of impairment loss to recognize, if any. The second step compares the implied fair value of
goodwill with the carrying amount of goodwill. If the implied fair value of goodwill exceeds the carrying amount, then goodwill is not considered impaired. However, if the carrying amount of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value, an impairment
loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess. 

17 

Table of Contents

In performing the first step analysis, we calculate the value of goodwill
using an income approach based on the present value of future cash flows of each reporting unit, as well as a market approach that reflects market participant views we believe would exist in an exit transaction. For fiscal 2010, our analysis
indicates that each of our reporting units has a fair value in excess of its carrying value and no impairment charge will be required; however, the excess of the reporting unit fair values over carrying values, specifically with respect to our Fresh
Dairy Direct reporting unit, is significantly less than in prior years. We can provide no assurance that we will not have an impairment charge in future periods as a result of changes in our operating results. 

In assessing the fair value of our reporting units, we make estimates and assumptions about sales, growth rates, our cost
of capital and discount rates based on budgets, business plans, economic projections, anticipated future cash flows and marketplace data. There are inherent uncertainties related to these factors and management’s judgment in applying these
factors and different assumptions could result in goodwill impairment charges in the future, which could be substantial. Any such impairment would result in our recognizing a non-cash charge, which may adversely affect our results of operations.

The Costs of Providing Employee Benefits Have Escalated, and Liabilities Under Certain Plans May be
Triggered due to Our Actions or the Actions of Others, Which May Adversely Affect Our Profitability and Liquidity. 

We sponsor various defined benefit and defined contribution retirement plans, as well as contribute to various multi-employer plans on behalf of our employees. Changes in interest rates or in the market
value of plan assets could affect the funded status of our pension plans. This could cause volatility in our benefits costs and increase future funding requirements of our plans. Pension and post-retirement costs also may be significantly affected
by changes in key actuarial assumptions including anticipated rates of return on plan assets and the discount rates used in determining the projected benefit obligation and annual periodic pension costs. Recent changes in federal laws require plan
sponsors to eliminate, over defined time periods, the underfunded status of plans that are subject to ERISA rules and regulations. In addition, turmoil in the financial markets in 2008 brought significant declines in the fair market value of the
equity and debt instruments that we hold within our defined benefit master trust to settle future defined benefit plan obligations. Our funded status as of December 31, 2010 decreased by $4.5 million from the prior year end and is still
$55.6 million lower than our funded status at December 31, 2007. A significant increase in future funding requirements could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Certain of our defined benefit retirement plans, as well as many of the multi-employer plans in which we participate, are
less than fully funded. Network optimization activities, including facility closings, may trigger cash payments or previously unrecognized obligations under our defined benefit retirement plans or multi-employer plans in which we participate. In
addition, certain actions or the financial condition of other companies which participate in multi-employer plans may create financial obligations for us, which circumstances are entirely out of our control. Future funding requirements, and related
charges, associated with multi-employer plans in which we participate could have a negative impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

The Continued Recessionary Economy May Adversely Impact Our Business and Results of Operations. 

The dairy industry is sensitive to changes in general economic conditions, both nationally and locally. The continued
recessionary economy has had an adverse effect on consumer spending patterns. Higher levels of unemployment, higher consumer debt levels, or other unfavorable economic factors could further adversely affect consumer demand for products we sell or
distribute, which in turn adversely affects our results of operations. There can be no assurances that government responses to the economic downturn will restore consumer confidence. 

18 

Table of Contents

Changes in Our Credit Ratings May Have a Negative Impact on Our Future
Financing Costs or the Availability of Capital. 

Some of our debt is rated by Standard &
Poor’s, Moody’s, and Fitch Ratings, and there are a number of factors beyond our control with respect to these ratings. During 2010, in response to the decline in our operating results and the difficult dairy operating environment, both
Standard & Poor’s and Fitch Ratings downgraded our credit ratings by one level each. Following these actions, our credit ratings continue to be considered below “investment grade” by the ratings agencies. Although the
interest rate on our existing credit facilities is not affected by changes in our credit ratings, these recent ratings changes or further downgrades in our credit ratings may impair our ability to raise additional capital in the future on terms that
are acceptable to us, may cause the value of our securities to decline and may have other negative implications with respect to our business. Ratings reflect only the views of the ratings agency issuing the rating, are not recommendations to buy,
sell or hold our securities and may be subject to revision or withdrawal at any time by the ratings agency issuing the rating. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other rating. 

Strategic Growth Plan Risks 

We May Not Realize Anticipated Benefits from Our Strategic Growth Plan or Reduce Costs as Expected. 

We are implementing a strategic growth plan, which includes a number of transformational initiatives, that we believe are necessary in order to position our business for future success and growth. Our
future success depends upon our ability to achieve a lower cost structure and operate efficiently in the highly competitive food and beverage industry, particularly in an environment of increased competitive activity. In order to capitalize on our
cost reduction efforts, it will be necessary to make certain investments in our business, which may be limited due to capital constraints. In addition, it is critical that we have the appropriate personnel in place to continue to lead and execute
our plan. Currently, operating conditions have had negative implications for overall employee compensation, which has increased the risk that we may not be able to retain qualified personnel to carry out our strategies. We continue to implement
profit-enhancing initiatives that impact our supply chain and related functions. These initiatives are focused on cost-saving opportunities in procurement, distribution, conversion and network optimization. Over the next several years, these
initiatives will require investments in people, systems, tools and facilities. Our future success and earnings growth depends in large part on our ability to reduce costs, improve efficiencies and better serve our customers. If we are unable to
successfully implement these initiatives or fail to implement them as timely as we anticipate, we could become cost disadvantaged in the marketplace, and our competitiveness and our profitability could decrease. In addition, our failure to achieve
anticipated cost savings could lead to an impairment of our goodwill. 

Product, Supply Chain and Systems Risks 

We Must Identify Changing Consumer Preferences and Develop and Offer Products to Meet Their Preferences.

Consumer preferences evolve over time and the success of our products depends on our ability to
identify the tastes, dietary preferences and purchasing habits of consumers and to offer products that appeal to their preferences. Introduction of new products and product extensions requires significant development and marketing investment, and we
may fail to realize anticipated returns on such investments due to lack of consumer acceptance of such products. Currently, we believe consumers are trending toward health and wellness beverages. Although we continue to invest in research and
development in order to capitalize on this trend, there are currently several global companies with greater resources which compete with us in the health and wellness space. In addition, as consumers become increasingly aware of the environmental
and social impacts of the products they purchase their preferences and purchasing decisions may change. If our products fail to meet changing consumer preferences, the return on our investment in those areas will be less than anticipated and our
product strategy may not succeed. 

19 

Table of Contents

We May Experience Liabilities or Harm to Our Reputation as a Result of
Product Issues, Such as Product Recalls. 

We sell products for human consumption, which involves
a number of risks. Product contamination, spoilage or other adulteration, product misbranding or product tampering could require us to recall products. We also may be subject to liability if our products or operations violate applicable laws or
regulations or in the event our products cause injury, illness or death. In addition, we advertise our products and could be the target of claims relating to false or deceptive advertising under U.S. federal and state laws, including consumer
protection statutes of some states. A significant product liability or other legal judgment against us or a widespread product recall may negatively impact our profitability. Even if a product liability or consumer fraud claim is unsuccessful or is
not merited, the negative publicity surrounding such assertions regarding our products or processes could materially and adversely affect our reputation and brand image, particularly in categories such as fluid milk that have strong health and
wellness credentials. 

Disruption of Our Supply Chain or Transportation Systems Could Adversely Affect
Our Business. 

Damage or disruption to our manufacturing or distribution capabilities due to weather,
natural disaster, fire, terrorism, pandemic, strikes, the financial and/or operational instability of key suppliers, distributors, warehousing and transportation providers, or other reasons could impair our ability to manufacture or distribute our
products. To the extent that we are unable, or it is not financially feasible, to mitigate the likelihood or potential impact of such events, or to effectively manage such events if they occur, there could be an adverse effect on our business and
results of operations, and additional resources could be required to restore our supply chain. In addition, we are subject to federal motor carrier regulations, such as the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Act, with which our extensive DSD system must
comply. Failure to comply with such regulations could result in our inability to deliver product to our customers in a timely manner, which could adversely affect our reputation and our results. 

Our Business Operations Could be Disrupted if Our Information Technology Systems Fail to Perform Adequately.

The efficient operation of our business depends on our information technology systems. We rely on our
information technology systems to effectively manage our business data, communications, supply chain, logistics, accounting and other business processes. If we do not allocate and effectively manage the resources necessary to build and sustain an
appropriate technology infrastructure, our business or financial results could be negatively impacted. In addition, our information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from circumstances beyond our control, including
systems failures, security breaches, and viruses. Any such damage or interruption could have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Legal and Regulatory Risks 

Pending Antitrust Lawsuits May have a Material Adverse Impact on Our Business. 

We are the subject of several antitrust lawsuits, the outcome of which we are unable to predict. Increased scrutiny of the dairy industry has resulted, and may continue to result, in an increase in
litigation against us. Such lawsuits are expensive to defend and could cause a diversion of management’s attention. In some cases, pursuant to statute, damages recoverable by private plaintiffs may be trebled, which could result in a large
judgment against us in the event we do not prevail in a trial situation. In addition to increased litigation costs, these actions could expose us to negative publicity, which might adversely affect our brands, reputation and/or customer preference
for our products. In addition, mergers and acquisitions activities are subject to these antitrust and competition laws, which have impacted, and may continue to impact, our ability to pursue strategic transactions. 

20 

Table of Contents

The Dairy Industry in Which We Operate Has Been Subject to Increased
Government Scrutiny Which Could Have an Adverse Impact on Our Business. 

We are subject to antitrust
and other competition laws in the United States and in the other countries in which we operate. We cannot predict how these laws or their interpretation, administration and enforcement will impact us. Throughout 2010, the dairy industry was the
subject of increased government scrutiny. In 2010, the current administration initiated a review of existing dairy policies in order to consider potential changes to those policies. This review process may result in changes to the dairy industry
that we cannot anticipate and that may have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Litigation or
Legal Proceedings Could Expose Us to Significant Liabilities and Have a Negative Impact on Our Reputation. 

We are party to various litigation claims and legal proceedings. We evaluate these litigation claims and legal proceedings to assess the likelihood of unfavorable outcomes and to estimate, if possible,
the amount of potential losses. Based on these assessments and estimates, we establish reserves and/or disclose the relevant litigation claims or legal proceedings, as appropriate. These assessments and estimates are based on the information
available to management at the time and involve a significant amount of management judgment. Actual outcomes or losses may differ materially from our current assessments and estimates. 

Labor Disputes Could Adversely Affect Us. 

As of December 31, 2010, approximately 37% of Fresh Dairy Direct-Morningstar’s and 27% of
WhiteWave-Alpro’s employees participated in collective bargaining agreements. At any given time, we may face a number of union organizing drives. When we face union organizing drives, we and the union may disagree on important issues which, in
turn, could possibly lead to a strike, work slowdown or other job actions at one or more of our locations. A strike, work slowdown or other labor unrest could in some cases impair our ability to supply our products to customers, which could result
in reduced revenue and customer claims. 

Our Business is Subject to Various Environmental Laws, Which
May Increase Our Compliance Costs. 

Our business operations are subject to numerous environmental and
other air pollution control laws, including the federal Clean Air Act, the federal Clean Water Act, and the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act of 1980, as amended, as well as state and local statutes. These laws and
regulations cover the discharge of pollutants, wastewater, and hazardous materials into the environment. In addition, various laws and regulations addressing climate change are being considered or implemented at the federal and state levels. New
legislation, as well as current federal and other state regulatory initiatives relating to these environmental matters, could require us to replace equipment, install additional pollution controls, purchase various emission allowances or curtail
operations. These costs could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Changes in Laws, Regulations and Accounting Standards, Including Those of Non-US Jurisdictions, Could Have an
Adverse Effect on Our Financial Results. 

We are subject to federal, state, local and foreign
governmental laws and regulations, including those promulgated by the United States Food and Drug Administration, the United States Department of Agriculture, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and numerous related regulations promulgated by the
Securities and Exchange Commission and the Financial Accounting Standards Board. Changes in federal, state or local laws, or the interpretations of such laws and regulations, may negatively impact our financial results or our ability to market our
products. In addition, we have operations outside of the United States which may present unique challenges and increase our exposure to the risks associated with foreign operations, including foreign currency risks and compliance with foreign rules
and regulations. Any or all of these risks could adversely impact our financial results. 

21 

Table of Contents