You should carefully consider each
of the following risks described below and all of the other information in this annual report on Form 10-K in evaluating us. Our business, financial condition, cash flows and/or results of operations could be materially adversely affected by any of
these risks. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks. 

This annual report on Form 10-K also
contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including the risks faced by us described
below and elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. See “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.” 

Risks Related to the
Current Environment and Recent Developments 

The continued economic downturn, recent financial market events and other conditions beyond our
control have and could continue to materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, access to funding and the trading price of our common stock. 

The continued economic downturn, recent financial market events and other conditions beyond our control have adversely affected unemployment rates,
consumer spending, consumer indebtedness, availability of consumer credit, asset values, investments and liquidity, which in turn adversely affected the ability and willingness of cardmembers to pay amounts owed to us. This resulted in increased
delinquencies and charge-offs. The economic downturn may continue, unemployment may continue to rise, the housing market may continue to be depressed and consumer credit availability may continue to decrease. The ability and willingness of
cardmembers to pay amounts owed to us could continue to be adversely affected, which would increase delinquencies and charge-offs and materially adversely affect our profitability. In addition, with the deterioration in economic conditions, the
number of transactions and average purchase amount of transactions on our cards may be reduced, which would reduce transaction fees and interest income and thereby adversely affect profitability. 

Deterioration in the global capital markets has caused financial institutions to seek additional capital, merge with larger financial institutions and,
in some cases, fail. These conditions have led to concerns by market participants about the stability of financial markets generally and the strength of counterparties, resulting in a contraction of available credit, even for the most credit-worthy
borrowers. Due to recent market events, the securitization markets, historically an important source of funding for us, have not been available to us, and we have shifted to deposits as our primary ongoing funding source. It is uncertain when, if
ever, these markets will return as a source of funding at acceptable rates. See “—An inability to accept or maintain deposits or obtain other sources of funding in the future could materially adversely affect our liquidity position and
our ability to fund our business.” 

Recently, the U.S. government has taken certain actions to support the financial markets,
including investing in financial institutions for the purpose of stabilizing and providing liquidity to the U.S. financial markets pursuant to the Capital Purchase Program (the “Capital Purchase Program” or the “CPP”) of the U.S.
Department of the Treasury (the “U.S. Treasury”), the impact of which we cannot estimate at this time. In addition, the Federal Reserve announced the introduction of the Term Asset-Backed Securities Loan Facility (the “TALF”) in
an effort to facilitate the issuance of asset-backed securities and improve the market conditions for asset-backed securities generally. It is unclear at this time what impact the TALF program will have on returning the securitization market to
historical capacity and pricing levels. Continued deterioration of the financial markets and continued disruption in the capital markets could materially adversely affect our capital, funding and liquidity position as well as our overall financial
condition. 

The impact on us of recently enacted legislation and government programs to stabilize the financial markets cannot be predicted at this
time. 

On October 3, 2008, the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 (the “EESA”) was signed into law. Under
EESA, the U.S. Treasury has the authority to, among other things, invest in financial institutions for the 

19 

Table of Contents

purpose of stabilizing and providing liquidity to the U.S. financial markets. Pursuant to this authority, the U.S. Treasury announced its Capital Purchase
Program, under which it is purchasing preferred stock and warrants in eligible institutions to increase the flow of credit to businesses and consumers and to support the economy. On January 14, 2009, we received preliminary approval from the U.S.
Treasury to participate in the CPP, subject to standard closing conditions. We expect to issue and sell to the U.S. Treasury shares of senior preferred stock and warrants to purchase shares of our common stock in accordance with the terms of the CPP
for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $1.2 billion. There can be no assurance, however, that the U.S. Treasury will grant final approval of our application or, if approved, what the size of any investment by the U.S. Treasury ultimately
will be. 

Although participation in the CPP would strengthen our capital position, it also would subject us to specific restrictions under
the terms of the CPP and increased oversight by the U.S. Treasury, regulators and Congress under EESA. Participation in the CPP would restrict our ability to increase dividends on our common stock or to repurchase our common stock. The CPP would
also subject us to restrictions on executive compensation practices. With regard to increased oversight, the U.S. Treasury would have the power to unilaterally amend the terms of the purchase agreement to the extent required to comply with changes
in applicable federal law and to inspect our corporate books and records through our federal banking regulator. In addition, the U.S. Treasury would have the right to appoint two directors to our board if we miss dividend payments for six dividend
periods, whether or not consecutive, on the preferred stock. 

Congress has held hearings on implementation of the CPP and the use of funds
and may adopt further legislation impacting financial institutions that obtain funding under the CPP or changing lending practices that legislators believe led to the current economic situation. On January 21, 2009, the U.S. House of
Representatives approved legislation amending the TARP provisions of EESA to include quarterly reporting requirements with respect to lending activities, examinations by an institution’s primary federal regulator of use of funds and compliance
with program requirements, restrictions on acquisitions by depository institutions receiving TARP funds, and authorization for U.S. Treasury to have an observer at board meetings of recipient institutions, among other things. Although it is unclear
whether this legislation will be enacted into law, its provisions, or similar ones, may be imposed administratively by the U.S. Treasury. Such provisions could restrict our lending or increase governmental oversight of our businesses and our
corporate governance practices. 

The participation of several of our banking competitors in the CPP and other government programs subjects
us to more intense competition. Such competitors are large financial institutions that have received multi-billion dollar infusions of capital from the U.S. Treasury or other support from federal programs, which has strengthened their balance sheets
and increased their ability to withstand the uncertainty of the current economic environment. 

The costs of participating or not
participating in any such government programs, and the effect on our results of operations, cannot reliably be determined at this time. In addition, there can be no assurance as to the actual impact that EESA and its implementing regulations, or any
other governmental program, will have on the financial markets generally, including the extreme levels of volatility and limited credit availability currently being experienced. The failure of the financial markets to stabilize and a continuation or
worsening of current financial market conditions could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, access to funding and the trading price of our common stock. 

Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected by new regulations to which we are and will become subject as a result of
becoming a bank holding company. 

On December 19, 2008, we obtained approval from the Federal Reserve to become a bank holding
company. We will become a bank holding company in connection with participating in the U.S. Treasury’s Capital Purchase Program, which would require us to meet certain risk-based capital and leverage ratio requirements and submit financial and
other reports to the Federal Reserve. Further, we would be subject to organization-wide oversight and examination by the Federal Reserve, including scrutiny of our risk management program; business strategy, earnings, capital and cash flow;
anti-money laundering program; and examination of our non-bank subsidiaries, including Discover Network, PULSE and Diners Club, and their relationships with 

20 

Table of Contents

our banking subsidiaries. Finally, our business activities would be restricted to those permitted by the Federal Reserve. If we fail to satisfy new
regulatory requirements applicable to bank holding companies, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

The
Federal Reserve Board’s amendments to certain rules will significantly impact our business practices and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 

The Federal Reserve Board has adopted amendments to Regulation AA (Unfair or Deceptive Acts or Practices) and Regulation Z (Truth in Lending) that place
new limitations on certain credit card practices and mandate increased disclosures to consumers including, but not limited to, the following: 

•

 Applying rate increases to existing balances. The amendments prohibit interest rate increases on outstanding balances except under limited circumstances.

•

 Applying rate increases to new balances. The amendments prohibit interest rate increases on new balances during the first year an account is opened except
under limited circumstances. 

•

 Payment allocation. For accounts with different annual percentage rates (APRs) on different balances, the amendments require allocation of payments in excess
of the required minimum payment either to the higher APR balances first or on a pro-rata basis based on the balances. 

•

 Default pricing. The amendments restrict imposition of a default APR on existing balances unless an account is 30 days past due. 

•

 Notice period. If a rate increase is permitted, the amendments generally require 45 days’ advance notice be provided to customers prior to imposing the
higher rate. 

•

 Two-cycle average daily balance method. The amendments prohibit the use of the two-cycle average daily balance method of calculating interest.

The amendments become effective July 1, 2010 and will impact many of our business practices. For example, we
currently have the ability to increase rates on existing balances to respond to market conditions and consumer behavior. The amendments will restrict our ability to manage market and credit risk in this manner. While we anticipate making changes to
our pricing, credit and marketing practices that are designed to lessen the impact of these changes, there is no assurance that we will be successful. If we are not able to lessen the impact of these changes, they will have a material adverse effect
on our results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Business 

We face competition from other credit card issuers, and we may not be able to compete effectively, which could result in fewer customers and lower account balances and could materially adversely affect our financial condition, cash
flows and results of operations. 

The credit card issuing business is highly competitive. We compete with other credit card issuers
on the basis of a number of factors, including: merchant acceptance, products and services, incentives and reward programs, brand, network, reputation and pricing. This competition affects our ability to obtain applicants for our credit cards,
encourage cardmembers to use our credit cards, maximize the revenue generated by card usage and generate cardmember loyalty and satisfaction so as to minimize the number of cardmembers switching to other credit card brands. Competition is also
increasingly based on the value provided to the cardholder by rewards programs. Many credit card issuers have instituted rewards programs that are similar to ours, and issuers may in the future institute rewards programs that are more attractive to
cardmembers than our programs. In addition, because most domestically issued credit cards, other than those issued by American Express, are issued on the Visa and MasterCard networks, most other card issuers benefit from the dominant position and
marketing and pricing power of Visa and MasterCard. If we are unable to compete successfully, or if competing successfully requires us to take aggressive actions in response to competitors’ actions, our financial condition, cash flows and
results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

21 

Table of Contents

We incur considerable expenses in competing with other credit card issuers, and many of our competitors have
greater scale, which may place us at a competitive disadvantage. 

We incur considerable expenses in competing with other credit card
issuers to attract and retain cardmembers and increase card usage. A substantial portion of these expenses relates to marketing expenditures. Because of the highly competitive nature of the credit card issuing business and increasing marketing
challenges, a primary method of competition among credit card issuers, including us, has been to offer low introductory interest rates and balance transfer programs that offer a favorable annual percentage rate or other financial incentives for a
specified length of time on account balances transferred from another credit card. This type of competition has adversely affected credit card yields, and cardholders may frequently switch credit cards or transfer their balances to another card.
There can be no assurance that any of the expenses we incur or incentives we offer to attempt to acquire and maintain accounts and increase card usage will be effective. 

Furthermore, many of our competitors are larger than we are, have greater financial resources than we do and/or have lower capital, funding and operating costs than we have and expect to have, and have assets such as
branch locations and co-brand relationships that may help them compete more effectively. In addition, there is an increasing trend toward consolidation among credit card issuers, resulting in even greater pooled resources. We may be at a competitive
disadvantage as a result of the greater scale of many of our competitors. 

We face competition from other operators of payment networks, and we may
not be able to compete effectively, which could result in reduced transaction volume, limited merchant acceptance of our cards, limited issuance of cards on our networks by third parties and materially reduced earnings. 

We face substantial and increasingly intense competition in the payments industry. We compete with other payment networks to attract third-party issuers
to issue credit and debit cards and other card products on the Discover, PULSE and Diners Club networks. Competition with other operators of payment networks is generally based on issuer interchange fees, switch fees, fees paid to networks, merchant
acceptance, network functionality and other economic terms. Competition also is based on customer perception of service quality, brand image, reputation and market share. 

Many of our competitors are well established, larger than we are and/or have greater financial resources than we do. These competitors have provided financial incentives to card issuers, such as large cash signing
bonuses for new programs, funding for and sponsorship of marketing programs and other bonuses. Visa and MasterCard each have been in existence for more than 40 years and enjoy greater merchant acceptance and broader global brand recognition than we
do. In addition, Visa and MasterCard have entered into long-term arrangements with many financial institutions that may have the effect of discouraging those institutions from issuing credit cards on the Discover Network or issuing debit cards on
the PULSE Network. Visa and MasterCard also may enact new rules or enforce other rules in the future, including rules that could have the effect of limiting the ability of issuing banks to use the PULSE Network, which may materially adversely affect
our ability to compete. For example, MasterCard recently announced that it will require banks that issue MasterCard signature debit cards to also participate in MasterCard’s affiliated PIN debit network. MasterCard and Visa completed initial
public offerings, which provided them with significant capital and may enhance their strategic flexibility. American Express is also a strong competitor, with international acceptance, high transaction fees and an upscale brand image.
Internationally, American Express competes in the same market segments as Diners Club. 

Furthermore, as a result of their dominant market
position and considerable marketing and pricing power, Visa and MasterCard have been able to increase transaction fees charged to merchants in an effort to retain and grow their issuer volume. If we are unable to remain competitive on issuer
interchange and other incentives, we may be unable to offer adequate pricing to third-party issuers while maintaining sufficient net revenues. At the same time, increasing the transaction fees charged to merchants or increasing acquirer interchange
could adversely affect our effort to increase merchant acceptance of credit cards issued on the Discover Network and may cause merchant acceptance to decrease. This, in turn, could adversely affect our ability to attract third-party issuers and our
ability to maintain or grow revenues from our proprietary network. Similarly, the PULSE 

22 

Table of Contents

Network operates in the highly competitive PIN debit business with well-established and financially strong network competitors (particularly Visa) that have
the ability to offer significant incentives and bundled products to financial institutions. 

In addition, if we are unable to maintain
sufficient network functionality to be competitive with other networks, or if our competitors develop better data security solutions or more innovative products and services than we do, our ability to attract third-party issuers and maintain or
increase the revenues generated by our proprietary card issuing business may be materially adversely affected. An inability to compete effectively with other payment networks could result in reduced transaction volume, limited merchant acceptance of
our cards, limited issuance of cards on our network by third parties and materially reduced earnings. 

In addition, the deterioration in
the capital markets has adversely affected some of our issuers, merchant acquirers and licensees, which are financial institutions. The failures of financial institutions and increased consolidation in the industry decrease our opportunities for new
business and may result in the termination of existing business relationships if a business partner is acquired or goes out of business. In addition, financial institutions may have decreased interest in engaging in new card issuance opportunities
or expanding existing card issuance relationships, which would inhibit our ability to grow our third-party payments business. 

Our business depends
on our ability to manage our credit risks, and failing to manage these risks successfully may result in high charge-off rates, which would slow our growth and materially adversely affect our business, profitability and financial condition. 

Our success depends on our ability to manage our credit risk while attracting new cardmembers with profitable usage patterns. We select our
cardmembers, manage their accounts and establish terms and credit limits using proprietary scoring models and other analytical techniques that are designed to set terms and credit limits to appropriately compensate us for the credit risk we accept,
while encouraging cardmembers to use their available credit. The models and approaches we use may not accurately predict future charge-offs due to, among other things, inaccurate assumptions or models. While we continually seek to improve our
assumptions and models, we may make modifications that unintentionally cause them to be less predictive or incorrectly interpret the data produced by these models in setting our credit policies. 

Our ability to manage credit risk and avoid high charge-off rates may be adversely affected by economic conditions that may be difficult to predict,
particularly the continuing deterioration in the consumer credit environment, which we believe has been driven by rising unemployment levels, declining housing prices and restricted availability of credit to consumers. In anticipation of continued
challenging economic conditions, we have increased our provision for loan losses as a result of higher charge-offs and owned loan growth and in anticipation of higher future charge-off rates. A greater percent of delinquent accounts are flowing into
later stages of delinquency and, based on our experience, will eventually be charged-off. We expect the challenges in the consumer credit environment to continue, leading to increasing delinquency trends and higher charge-off rates. There can be no
assurance that our underwriting and portfolio management strategies will permit us to avoid high charge-off levels, or that our provision for loan losses will be sufficient to cover actual losses. 

A cardmember’s ability to repay us can be negatively impacted by increases in their payment obligations to other lenders under mortgage, credit card
and other consumer loans. Such changes can result from increases in base lending rates or structured increases in payment obligations, and could reduce the ability of our cardmembers to meet their payment obligations to other lenders and to us. In
addition, a cardmember’s ability to repay us can be negatively impacted by the restricted availability of credit to consumers generally, including reduced and closed lines of credit. Cardmembers with insufficient cash flow to fund daily living
expenses and lack of access to other sources of credit may be more likely to increase their card usage and ultimately default on their payment obligations to us, resulting in higher credit losses in our portfolio. Our collection operations may not
compete effectively to secure more of cardmembers’ diminished cash flow than our competitors. In addition, we may not identify cardmembers who are likely to default on their payment obligations to us quickly and reduce our exposure by closing
credit lines and restricting authorizations which could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. 

23 

Table of Contents

Our ability to manage credit risk also may be adversely affected by legal or regulatory changes (such as
bankruptcy laws, minimum payment regulations and re-age guidance), competitors’ actions and consumer behavior, as well as inadequate collections staffing, techniques, models and vendor performance. 

We plan to expand in several card and consumer lending sectors. For example, we launched personal loan and student lending products in 2007 and expanded
our marketing of these products in 2008. We also continuously refine and test our credit criteria, which results in some instances in approving applications that did not previously meet our underwriting criteria. We have less experience in these
areas as compared to our traditional products and segments, and there can be no assurance that we will be able to manage our credit risk or generate sufficient revenue to cover our expenses in these markets. Our failure to manage our credit risks
may materially adversely affect our profitability and ability to grow. 

The success of our acquisition of Diners Club depends upon our ability to
maintain the full operability of the Diners Club network and achieve interoperability among our networks. If we are unsuccessful in doing so, we may be unable to sustain and grow our international network business. 

In 2008, we acquired the Diners Club network, brand, trademarks, employees, and license agreements. Over the next approximately two years, we are
targeting achieving interoperability among the Diners Club network, the Discover Network and PULSE to allow Discover Network cardholders to use their cards at merchant and ATM locations that accept Diners Club cards around the world and to allow
Diners Club cardholders to use their cards on the Discover Network in North America and to access cash through the PULSE Network. 

The
success of our acquisition of Diners Club in the immediate term depends upon our ability to maintain the full operability of the Diners Club network for existing Diners Club cardholders, network licensees and merchants. We rely on existing Diners
Club infrastructure to support Diners Club network operations and the assistance of Citigroup Inc. during a transition period for certain network and operational support services. If we were to lose the assistance of key Diners Club personnel or
Citigroup Inc. during the transition, we may face difficulty maintaining operations at the same level. We rely upon numerous network partners in the United States, Canada and the Caribbean for merchant acceptance for existing Diners Club
cardholders. We also rely on the Diners Club network’s current availability of cash access locations for its existing cardholders through MasterCard’s Cirrus ATM network, which will terminate on June 30, 2009. If we are unable to continue
to offer either acceptable North American merchant acceptance or sufficient cash access locations to existing Diners Club cardholders, we may experience decreased transaction volume, which would reduce our revenues. 

The long-term success of our acquisition of Diners Club depends upon achieving interoperability among our networks, which could include higher overall
costs or longer timeframes than anticipated. If we are unable to successfully achieve interoperability among the networks, we may be unable to achieve the synergies we anticipate and grow our business internationally. 

If we are unable to securitize our receivables, it may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cost of funds, reserves and capital requirements. 

Historically, we have used the securitization of credit card receivables, which involves the transfer of receivables to a trust and the
issuance by the trust of beneficial interests to third-party investors, as our largest single source of funding. Due to recent market events and continued disruption in the capital markets, the securitization markets have not been available to us.
Our last public asset-backed securitization transaction was on June 18, 2008, and our last private asset-backed conduit securitization transaction closed on August 28, 2008. Our response to the disruptions in the securitization markets has been and
we anticipate will continue to be throughout 2009 increased utilization of deposit funding. This shift results in higher levels of owned loan receivables with related increases in the allowance for loan losses, which negatively impacts our earnings.
The shift also increases our regulatory capital requirements and reduces the value of the interest-only strip receivable. Additional factors affecting our ability to securitize our credit card receivables include the overall credit quality of our
receivables, negative credit ratings action affecting our asset-backed securities (or Discover Bank), and the legal, regulatory, accounting and tax requirements governing securitization transactions. A prolonged inability to securitize our
receivables may have a material adverse effect on our liquidity, cost of funds, reserves and capital requirements. 

24 

Table of Contents

An inability to accept or maintain deposits or obtain other sources of funding in the future could materially
adversely affect our liquidity position and our ability to fund our business. 

In response to disruptions in the securitization
markets, we have increased and plan to continue to increase our deposit funding. We obtain deposits through third-party securities brokers who offer our deposits to their customers (“brokered deposits”) and directly from consumers
(“direct-to-consumer deposits”). Many financial services firms are increasing their use of deposit funding, including newly-formed bank holding companies, and as such we expect increased competition in the deposit markets. We cannot
predict how this increased competition will affect deposit renewal rates, costs or availability. If we are required to offer higher interest rates to attract or maintain deposits, our funding costs will be adversely impacted. In addition, our
ability to maintain existing or obtain additional deposits may be impacted by factors beyond our control, including perceptions about our financial strength, which could lead to securities brokers not offering our deposit products to their customers
or consumers choosing not to make deposits with us. 

Our ability to obtain deposit funding and offer competitive interest rates on deposits
is also dependent on capital levels of our bank subsidiaries. The FDIA prohibits a bank, including our subsidiaries Discover Bank and Bank of New Castle, from accepting brokered deposits or offering interest rates on any deposits significantly
higher than the prevailing rate in its normal market area or nationally (depending upon where the deposits are solicited), unless (1) it is well-capitalized or (2) it is adequately capitalized and receives a waiver from the FDIC. A bank
that is adequately capitalized and that accepts brokered deposits under a waiver from the FDIC may not pay an interest rate on any deposit, including direct-to-consumer deposits, in excess of 75 basis points over certain prevailing market rates.
There are no such restrictions on a bank that is well-capitalized. While Discover Bank and Bank of New Castle each met the FDIC’s definition of “well-capitalized” as of November 30, 2008, there can be no assurance that they will
continue to meet this definition. An inability to attract or maintain brokered and direct-to-consumer deposits in the future could materially adversely affect our liquidity position and our ability to fund our business. 

The occurrence of events that result in the early amortization of our existing securitization transactions could materially adversely affect our results of
operations and financial condition. 

Our results of operations and financial condition could also be materially adversely affected
by the occurrence of events that could result in the early amortization of our existing securitization transactions. Credit card securitizations are normally structured as “revolving transactions” that do not distribute to securitization
investors their share of monthly principal payments on the receivables during the revolving period, and instead use those principal payments to fund the purchase of replacement receivables. The occurrence of “early amortization events” may
result in termination of the revolving period of our securitization transactions. Early amortization events include, for example, insufficient cash flows in the securitized pool of receivables to meet contractual requirements (also known as
“excess spread”), certain breaches of representations, warranties or covenants in the agreements relating to the securitization and bankruptcy or insolvency. 

In the event of an early amortization event, receivables that otherwise would have been subsequently purchased by the trust from us would instead continue to be recognized on our consolidated statements of financial
condition since the cash flows generated in the trust would instead be used to repay investors in the asset-backed securities. Adding these receivables to our balance sheet would require us to record higher reserves for loan losses, which would
negatively impact our earnings, increase our regulatory capital requirements, and require us to rely on alternative funding sources, which may or may not be available at the time. 

Changes to the accounting treatment of securitization transactions could materially adversely affect our financial condition, reserve requirements, capital requirements, liquidity, cost of funds and operations.

The Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) has issued proposed amendments to Statement of Financial Accounting
Standards No. 140, Accounting for Transfers and Servicing of Financial Assets and Extinguishments of Liabilities, as amended (“Statement No. 140”) and FASB Interpretation No. 46R, 

25 

Table of Contents

Consolidation of Variable Interest Entities (“FIN 46R”). Exposure Drafts for both proposed amendments were issued on September 15, 2008
and each was subject to a 60-day public comment period. In December 2008, the FASB resumed deliberating the proposed revisions to these two standards and was planning to issue final standards at the end of the first calendar quarter of 2009. Based
on comments it has received and other considerations, the FASB may revise the amendments before issuing final guidance. 

Currently under
Statement No. 140, the transfers of our credit card receivables in securitization transactions qualify for sale accounting treatment. The trusts used in our securitizations are not consolidated with the Company for financial reporting purposes
because the trusts are qualifying special purpose entities (“QSPEs”) under Statement No. 140. Because the transfers qualify as sales and the trusts are not subject to consolidation, the assets and liabilities of the trusts are not
reported on our balance sheet under GAAP. Under the proposed amendment to Statement No. 140, the concept of a QSPE will be eliminated. QSPEs will have to be evaluated under FIN 46R for potential consolidation. If adopted as proposed, the
changes to FIN 46R are expected to result in our consolidation of the trusts. Consolidation of the trusts would have a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements. For example, if applied as of November 30, 2008, it would
require us to add approximately $24 billion of securitized receivables to our assets and add the related debt issued to third-party investors to our liabilities. 

As a result of the addition of the securitized receivables to our balance sheet, under existing regulatory capital requirements, we would be required to increase capital for Discover Bank to satisfy regulatory capital
requirements. If Discover Bank was to fail to meet its regulatory capital requirements, it would become subject to restrictions that could materially adversely affect our ability to conduct normal operations, our liquidity and our cost of funds,
such as limiting our ability to issue brokered deposits. See “—An inability to accept or maintain deposits or obtain other sources of funding in the future could materially adversely affect our liquidity position and our ability to fund
our business.” In addition, changes to the accounting treatment for securitizations may result in an inability to achieve bankruptcy remote status for the securitization trusts and prevent issuance from the trusts of highly rated investor
interests. We cannot at this time predict the final amendments to Statement No. 140 and FIN 46R or the impact of those amendments, including whether, when and in what form any transfers that currently qualify as sales will be recognized on our
balance sheet; what effect the recognition of transfers would have on capital, capital requirements, the ability to maintain a sufficient level of receivables in the trust, or our results of operations; the impact of the amendments on the market for
asset-backed securities; whether the amendments will cause Discover Bank to execute fewer securitizations; whether the amendments will trigger the breach of any financial covenants in our credit facility; or what effect the amendments will have on
our credit ratings or the credit ratings of debt issued by the trust. 

A downgrade in the credit ratings of our securities could materially adversely
affect our business and financial condition. 

While we, along with Discover Bank, have continued to maintain investment grade credit
ratings from the major rating agencies, Moody’s recently changed its outlook for our credit ratings from “Stable” to “Negative.” We are regularly evaluated by the ratings agencies, and their ratings for our long-term debt
and other securities, including asset-backed securitizations, are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength as well as factors that may not be within our control. There can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our
credit ratings or that our credit ratings will not be lowered or withdrawn in their entirety. The failure to maintain our credit ratings for any reason could materially adversely affect our cost of funds, access to capital and funding, and overall
financial condition. 

Declines in the value of, or income earned from, our retained interests in our securitization transactions could materially
adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We retain interests in the assets transferred to or
created in our securitization transactions and earn income from these assets. The value of our retained interests and the amount of income that we earn depend on many factors, including, among others, the revenues, performance and credit risk of the
securitized receivables, which 

26 

Table of Contents

are subject to the same risks and uncertainties as receivables that we have not securitized. The value of our interests may also change because of changes in
the assumptions used to estimate their fair value, such as market interest rates and other conditions, increases in bankruptcy or charge-off rates, changes in payment rates and changes in the interpretation and application of accounting rules
relating to such valuation. If the income that we earn from our retained interests in securitization transactions were to decrease or the value of our retained interests were to decrease, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
could be materially adversely affected. 

We may not be successful in managing our liquidity and investments, which would adversely affect our
business and financial condition. 

We must effectively manage liquidity risk to which we are exposed. Liquidity risk is defined as
the inability to access cash and cash equivalents needed to meet business requirements and satisfy our obligations. If we are unsuccessful in managing our liquidity risk, we may maintain too much liquidity, which can be costly and limit financial
flexibility, or we may be too illiquid, which could result in financial distress during a liquidity event. In disorderly financial markets, it may be difficult or impossible to liquidate some of our investments to meet our liquidity needs.

We manage the investments of our liquidity reserve, which had a balance of approximately $9.4 billion as of November 30, 2008. Our
investments may be adversely affected by market fluctuations including changes in interest rates, prices, credit risk premiums and overall market liquidity. Also, investments backed by collateral could be adversely impacted by changes in the value
of the underlying collateral. Our fixed income investments are subject to market valuation risks from changes in the general level of interest rates. Increases in credit risk premiums can negatively impact the value of our securities. Certain
markets have been experiencing disruptions in market liquidity, and the lack of a secondary market may adversely affect the valuation of certain of our investments. In addition, deteriorating economic conditions may cause certain of the obligors,
counterparties and underlying collateral on our investments to incur losses of their own, thereby increasing our credit risk exposure to these investments. These risks could result in a decrease in the value of our investments, which could
negatively impact our financial condition. For example, for the year ended November 30, 2008, we recorded additional losses on an investment in certain asset-backed commercial paper notes purchased in a prior period. 

Changes in the level of interest rates could materially adversely affect our earnings. 

Changes in interest rates cause our interest expense to increase or decrease, as certain of our debt instruments carry interest rates that fluctuate with
market benchmarks. If we are unable to pass any higher cost of funds to our customers, the increase in interest expense could materially reduce earnings. Some of our managed receivables bear interest at a fixed rate or do not earn interest, and we
may not be able to increase the rate on those loans to mitigate any higher cost of funds. At the same time, our variable rate managed receivables, which are based on a market benchmark, may not change at the same rate as our floating rate borrowings
or may be subject to a cap. For example, during October 2008, the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), which we use as the benchmark for many of our off-balance sheet borrowings, increased much more significantly than the prime rate,
which we use to determine interest rates on our credit cards that pay variables rates of interest. Consequently, the increased interest expense that we incurred as a result of the increased LIBOR was not met with a similar increase to interest
income, thereby resulting in a significant decrease in securitization income during that period. 

Interest rates may also adversely impact
our delinquency and charge-off rates. Many consumer lending products bear interest rates that fluctuate with certain base lending rates published in the market, such as the prime rate and LIBOR. As a result, higher interest rates often lead to
higher payment requirements by consumers under obligations to us and other lenders, which may reduce their ability to remain current on their obligations to us and thereby lead to loan delinquencies and additions to our loan loss provision, which
could materially adversely affect our earnings. 

27 

Table of Contents

We have entered into a credit facility that could restrict our operations. 

During 2007, we entered into a multi-year unsecured committed credit facility that currently has $2.4 billion available and contains restrictions,
covenants and events of default. See “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Liquidity and Capital Resources.” Although we currently have no outstanding balances due under
the facility, the terms of the facility impose certain restrictions and future indebtedness may impose various additional restrictions and covenants on us (such as tangible net worth requirements) that could have adverse consequences, including:
limiting our ability to pay dividends to our stockholders; increasing our vulnerability to changing economic, regulatory and industry conditions; limiting our ability to compete and our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our
business and the industry; limiting our ability to borrow additional funds; and requiring us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt, thereby reducing funds available for working capital, capital
expenditures, acquisitions and other purposes. 

We may be unable to increase or sustain Discover Card usage, which could impair growth in, or lead to
diminishing, average balances and total revenue. 

A key element of our strategy is to increase the usage of the Discover Card by our
cardmembers, including making it their primary card, and thereby increase our revenue from transaction and service fees and our managed receivables. However, our cardmembers’ use and payment patterns may change because of social, legal and
economic factors, and cardmembers may decide not to increase card usage or may decide to pay the balances within the grace period to avoid finance charges. We face challenges from competing credit card products in our attempts to increase credit
card usage by our existing cardmembers. Our ability to increase cardmember usage also is dependent on cardmember satisfaction, which may be adversely affected by factors outside of our control, including competitors’ actions. As part of our
strategy to increase usage, we have been increasing the number of merchants who accept cards issued on the Discover Network. If we are unable to continue increasing merchant acceptance of our cards, our ability to grow usage of Discover Cards may be
hampered. As a result of these factors, we may be unable to increase or sustain credit card usage, which could impair growth in, or lead to diminishing, average balances and total revenue. 

We may be unable to grow earnings if we do not attract new cardmembers, or if we attract cardmembers with unfavorable spending and payment habits.

We seek to attract new cardmembers who will use their Discover Cards, meet their monthly payment obligations and maintain balances
that generate interest and fee income for us. We are subject to substantial competition from other credit card issuers for these new cardmembers. We may not have adequate financial resources to permit us to incur all of the marketing costs that may
be necessary to maintain or grow our managed receivables or to attract new accounts. The spending and payment habits of these new cardmembers may not be sufficient to make their accounts as profitable as we expect. In addition, our risk models may
not accurately predict the credit risk for these new cardmembers, which could result in unanticipated losses in future periods. To the extent that the spending and payment habits of new cardmembers do not meet our expectations, our earnings and
growth may be negatively affected. 

Our transaction volume is concentrated among large merchants, and a reduction in the number of, or rates paid by,
large merchants that accept cards on the Discover Network or PULSE Network could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Discover Card transaction volume was concentrated among our top 100 merchants in 2008. These merchants may pressure us to reduce our rates by continuing
to participate in the Discover Network only on the condition that we change the terms of their economic participation. At the same time, we are subject to increasing pricing pressure from third-party issuers as a result of the continued
consolidation in the banking industry, which results in fewer large issuers that, in turn, generally have a greater ability to negotiate higher interchange fees. In addition, some of our merchants, primarily our small and mid-size merchants, are not
contractually committed to us for any period of time and may cease to participate in the Discover Network at any time on short notice. 

28 

Table of Contents

Actual and perceived limitations on acceptance of credit cards issued on the Discover Network could
adversely affect the use of the Discover Card by existing cardmembers and the attractiveness of the Discover Card to prospective new cardmembers. We may have difficulty attracting and retaining third-party issuers if we are unable to add and retain
acquirers or merchants who accept cards issued on the Discover or PULSE Networks. As a result of these factors, a reduction in the number of, or rates paid by, our merchants could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

We may be unable to grow earnings if we are unable to increase or maintain the number of small and mid-size
merchants that participate in the Discover Network. 

Since 2007, in order to expand our merchant acceptance among small and mid-size
merchants, we have been entering into agreements with and have been using third-party acquirers and processors to add merchants to the Discover Network and accept and process payments for these merchants on an integrated basis with Visa and
MasterCard payments. This strategy could have unanticipated results, such as decreased revenues, higher expenses, degraded service and signage placement levels and retaliatory responses from competitors. There can be no assurance that the use of
third-party acquirers and processors will continue to increase merchant acceptance among small or mid-size merchants, or that such third-party acquirers will continue to participate with us if more attractive opportunities arise. If we are unable to
continue to increase or maintain small and mid-size merchant acceptance, our competitive position and our ability to grow earnings could be adversely affected. 

Our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected by the increasing focus of merchants on the fees charged by credit card networks. 

Merchant acceptance and fees are critical to the success of both our card issuing and payment processing businesses. Merchants are concerned with the fees
charged by credit card companies. They seek to negotiate better pricing or other financial incentives as a condition to continued participation in the Discover Network. During the past few years, merchants and their trade groups have filed numerous
lawsuits against Visa, MasterCard, American Express and their card issuing banks, claiming that their practices toward merchants, including interchange fees, violate federal antitrust laws. There can be no assurance that they will not in the future
bring legal proceedings against other credit card issuers and networks, including us. Merchants also may promote forms of payment with lower fees, such as PIN debit, or seek to impose surcharges at the point of sale for use of credit cards. The
heightened focus by merchants on the fees charged by credit card networks could lead to reduced merchant acceptance of Discover Network cards or reduced fees, either of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of
operations. 

If we are unable to maintain relationships with the network licensees that issue Diners Club cards and that maintain a merchant
acceptance network, we may be unable to sustain and grow our international network business. 

The success of Diners Club depends
upon the cooperation and support of the network licensees that issue Diners Club cards and that maintain a merchant acceptance network including Citigroup, which currently owns and operates network licensees generating over 50% of the Diners Club
network sales volume. Unlike the Discover Network, we have only a small number of direct merchant relationships in the Diners Club network. Instead, we rely on network licensees located outside the United States to help us sustain and grow our
international business. As a result of a number of factors, including any difficulties in achieving interoperability among our networks, network licensees may choose not to renew the license agreements with us when their terms expire. In addition,
the increasingly competitive marketplace for cross-border issuance and acceptance of credit cards may result in lower participation fees for the Diners Club network. In addition, many of the merchants in the acceptance network, primarily small and
mid-size merchants, may not be contractually committed to the network licensees for any period of time and may cease to participate in the Diners Club network at any time on short notice. If we are unable to continue our relationships with network
licensees or if the network licensees are unable to continue their relationships with merchants, our ability to maintain or increase revenues and to remain competitive would be adversely affected. 

29 

Table of Contents

Visa and MasterCard may impose additional restrictions on issuing banks, merchants or merchant acquirers that
materially adversely affect our networks, or the Discover Card issuing business. 

Visa and MasterCard aggressively seek to protect
their networks from competition and have used their rules and policies to do so. For example, in the past they enacted and enforced rules that prohibited their member banks from issuing cards on competing payment networks such as Discover. These
rules were ultimately found to violate the antitrust laws. They have adversely affected our business in the past, and they may have lingering effects going forward. Visa and MasterCard also may enact new rules or enforce other rules in the future,
including limiting the ability of issuing banks to use the PULSE Network, which may materially adversely affect our ability to compete. For example, MasterCard has recently mandated requiring its signature debit issuing banks also utilize
MasterCard’s affiliated PIN debit network. 

If fraudulent activity associated with our cards or our networks increases, our brands could suffer
reputational damage, the use of our cards could decrease and our fraud losses could be materially adversely affected. 

We are
subject to the risk of fraudulent activity associated with merchants, cardmembers and other third parties handling cardmember information. Credit and debit card fraud, identity theft and related crimes are prevalent and perpetrators are growing ever
more sophisticated. Our financial condition, the level of our fraud charge-offs and other results of operations could be materially adversely affected if fraudulent activity were to significantly increase. In addition, significant increases in
fraudulent activity could lead to regulatory intervention (such as mandatory card reissuance) and reputational and financial damage to our brands, which could negatively impact the use of our cards and networks and thereby have a material adverse
effect on our business. Fraudulent activity may result in lower license fee revenue from our Diners Club licensees. 

If our security systems, or
those of merchants, merchant acquirers or other third parties containing information about cardholders, are compromised, we may be subject to liability and damage to our reputation. 

Our security protection measures or the security protections of third parties participating in the Discover or PULSE Networks may not be sufficient to
protect the confidentiality of information relating to cardholders or transactions processed on the Discover or PULSE Networks. Cardholder data also may be stored on systems of third-party service providers and merchants that may have inadequate
security systems. Third-party carriers regularly transport cardholder data, and may lose sensitive cardholder information. Unauthorized access to the Discover or PULSE Networks or any other Discover information systems potentially could jeopardize
the security of confidential information stored in our computer systems or transmitted by our cardmembers or others. If our security systems or those of merchants, processors or other third-party service providers are compromised such that this
confidential information is disclosed to unauthorized parties, we may be subject to liability. The preventive measures we take to address these factors are costly, and may become more costly in the future. Moreover, these measures may not protect us
from liability, which may not be adequately covered by insurance, or from damage to our reputation. 

The financial services and payment services
industries are rapidly evolving, and we may be unsuccessful in introducing new products or services in response to this evolution. 

The financial services and payment services industries experience constant and significant technological changes, such as continuing development of technologies in the areas of smart cards, radio frequency and proximity payment devices,
electronic commerce and mobile commerce, among others. The effect of technological changes on our business is unpredictable. 

We depend, in
part, on third parties for the development of and access to new technologies. We expect that new services and technologies relating to the payments business will continue to appear in the market, and these new services and technologies may be
superior to, or render obsolete, the technologies that we currently use in our card products and services. As a result, our future success may be dependent on our ability to identify and adapt to technological changes and evolving industry standards
and to provide payment solutions for our cardmembers, merchants and financial institution customers. 

30 

Table of Contents

Difficulties or delays in the development, production, testing and marketing of new products or services
may be caused by a number of factors including, among other things, operational, capital and regulatory constraints. The occurrence of such difficulties may affect the success of our products or services, and developing unsuccessful products and
services could result in financial losses, as well as decreased capital availability. In addition, the new products and services offered may not be attractive to our cardmembers and merchant and financial institution customers. 

If key technology platforms such as our transaction authorization and settlement systems become obsolete, or if we encounter difficulties processing transactions
efficiently or at all, our revenue or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 

We have a large technology
staff utilizing current technology. There is no assurance that we may be able to sustain our investment in new technology to avoid obsolescence of critical systems and applications. Further, our transaction authorization and settlement systems, and
our clearing system for transactions between Diners Club network licensees, may encounter service interruptions due to system or software failure, fire, natural disasters, power loss, disruptions in long distance or local telecommunications access,
terrorism or accident. Some of our transaction processing systems are operated at a single facility and could be subject to service interruptions in the event of failure. Our services could be disrupted by a natural disaster or other problem at any
of our primary or back-up facilities or our other owned or leased facilities. 

We also depend on third-party service providers for the
timely transmission of information across our data transportation network and for other telecommunications and technology related services, including ancillary transaction processing services for the PULSE Network and clearing services for the
Diners Club network. Regardless of whether as a result of natural disaster, operational disruption, terrorism, termination of its relationship with us, or any other reason, if a service provider fails to provide the communications capacity or
deliver services that we require or expect, the failure could interrupt our services and operations and hamper our ability to process cardholders’ transactions in a timely and accurate manner or to maintain thorough and accurate records of
those transactions. Such a failure could adversely affect the perception of the reliability of our networks and the quality of our brands, and could materially adversely affect our revenues or results of operations. 

Merchant defaults may adversely affect our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations. 

As an issuer and merchant acquirer in the United States on the Discover Network, and as a holder of certain merchant agreements internationally for the
Diners Club network, we may be contingently liable for certain disputed credit card sales transactions that arise between cardholders and merchants. If a dispute is resolved in the cardholder’s favor, we will cause a credit or refund of the
amount to be issued to the cardholder and charge back the transaction to the merchant or merchant acquirer. If we are unable to collect this amount from the merchant or a merchant acquirer, we will bear the loss for the amount credited or refunded
to the cardholder. Where the purchased product or service is not provided until some later date following the purchase, such as an airline ticket, the likelihood of potential liability increases. 

Our success is dependent, in part, upon our executive officers and other key personnel, and the loss of key personnel could materially adversely affect our
business. 

Our success depends, in part, on our executive officers and other key personnel. Our senior management team has
significant industry experience and would be difficult to replace. Our senior management team is relatively small and we believe we are in a critical period of competition in the financial services and payments industry. The market for qualified
individuals is highly competitive, and we may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel or candidates to replace or succeed members of our senior management team or other key personnel. The loss of key personnel could materially
adversely affect our business. 

31 

Table of Contents

We may be unsuccessful in protecting our intellectual property, including our brands. 

The Discover, PULSE and Diners Club brands are very important assets, and our success is dependent on our ability to protect these and our other
intellectual property. We may not be able to successfully protect our intellectual property. If others misappropriate, use or otherwise diminish the value of our intellectual property, our business could be adversely affected. 

Usage by consumers of credit sources such as home equity loans and mortgage refinancings instead of credit card borrowings could adversely affect our business.

Home equity loans, mortgage refinancings and other options for consumer credit compete with our card products as alternative
sources for consumer borrowing, as consumers may finance expenditures or refinance account balances with these alternative sources of credit. Increased usage by consumers of such alternative sources of credit could adversely affect our businesses.

Acquisitions that we pursue could disrupt our business and harm our financial condition. 

We may consider or undertake strategic acquisitions of businesses, products or technologies. If we do so, we may not be able to successfully finance or
integrate any such businesses, products or technologies. In addition, the integration of any acquisition may divert management’s time and resources from our core business and disrupt our operations. We may allocate resources, such as time and
money, on projects that do not increase our earnings. To the extent we pay the purchase price of any acquisition in cash, it would reduce our cash balances; similarly, if the purchase price is paid with our stock, it could be dilutive to our
stockholders. 

We are subject to regulation by a number of different regulatory agencies, which have broad discretion to require us to alter our
operations in ways that could adversely affect our business or subject us to penalties for noncompliance. 

We must comply with an
array of banking and consumer lending laws and regulations in all of the jurisdictions in which we operate. We are subject to regulation and regular examinations by the FDIC and the Delaware Bank Commissioner. If we become a bank holding company, we
will be subject to oversight, regulation and examination by the Federal Reserve. In addition, we are subject to regulation by the Federal Trade Commission, state banking regulators and the DOJ, as well as the SEC and New York Stock Exchange
(“NYSE”) in our capacity as a public company. In addition, as our payments business has expanded globally through the acquisition of Diners Club, we are subject to government regulation in countries in which our networks operate or our
cards are used, either directly or indirectly through regulation affecting Diners Club network licensees. From time to time, these regulations and regulatory agencies have required us to alter certain of our operating practices, and may require us
to do the same in the future. Our ability to introduce new products or introduce new pricing may be impaired or delayed as a result of regulatory review or failure to obtain required regulatory approvals. We conduct our business primarily through
our banks, and various federal and state regulators have broad discretion to impose restrictions on our operations. U.S. federal and state consumer protection laws and rules, and laws and rules of foreign jurisdictions where we conduct business
limit the manner and terms on which we may offer and extend credit. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could lead to adverse consequences such as financial, structural, reputational and operational penalties, including receivership,
litigation exposure and fines. In addition, efforts to abide by these laws and regulations may increase our costs of operations or limit our ability to engage in certain business activities, including affecting our ability to generate or collect
receivables from cardmembers. 

Changes in laws and regulations, or the application thereof, may adversely affect our business, financial condition
and results of operations. 

The financial services industry, in general, is heavily regulated. Proposals for legislation further
regulating the financial services industry are continually being introduced in the United States Congress and in state legislatures. Congress is expected to consider legislation in 2009 to restructure the regulation of financial services providers.
President Obama has included legislative proposals affecting credit card lending in his administration’s legislative 

32 

Table of Contents

agenda. The agencies regulating the financial services industry also periodically adopt changes to their regulations. In light of current conditions in the
U.S. financial markets and economy, regulators have increased their focus on the regulation of the financial services industry. We are unable to predict whether any of these proposals will be implemented or in what form, or whether any additional or
similar changes to statutes or regulations, including the interpretation or implementation thereof, will occur in the future. Any such action could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways and could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations. See “—The impact on us of recently enacted legislation and government programs to stabilize the financial markets cannot be predicted at this time.” 

The credit card industry is also becoming more heavily regulated. The Federal Reserve Board has adopted amendments to Regulation AA (Unfair or Deceptive
Acts or Practices) and Regulation Z (Truth in Lending) that place new limitations on certain credit card practices and mandate increased disclosures to consumers. See “—The Federal Reserve Board’s amendments to certain rules will
significantly impact our business practices and may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations.” In 2009, Congress is expected to consider legislation to restrict certain practices in the credit card industry, including
those relating to grace periods, the two-cycle balance computation method, risk-based and default-based interest rate changes, the allocation of payments, use of arbitration agreements and fees. It is not clear at this time whether new limitations
on credit card practices will be adopted by Congress or at the state level and, if adopted, what impact such new limitations would have on us. In addition, the laws governing bankruptcy, debtor relief and debt collection in the United States could
also change, making it more expensive or more difficult for us to collect from our cardmembers. For example, there is considerable support in Congress for authorizing bankruptcy judges to modify the terms of first mortgages, and some interest in
repealing provisions of the 2005 bankruptcy reform law that have been perceived as making it more difficult for debtors to obtain Chapter 7 debt discharges. Such changes could increase the attractiveness of bankruptcy relief and increase
bankruptcy-related losses. This year, Congress is expected to consider legislation to regulate the assessment of interchange fees by dominant credit card networks, which would, at least indirectly, impact our ability to set these fees. Furthermore,
various federal and state agencies and standard-setting bodies may, from time to time, enact new or amend existing accounting rules or standards that could impact our business practices or funding transactions. 

Regulation of the payments industry, including regulation applicable to Discover Card, merchant acquirers and our other business partners and customers,
has expanded significantly in recent years. For instance, financial institutions, including us, were required to implement an enhanced anti-money laundering program in 2002 pursuant to the USA PATRIOT Act. Various U.S. federal and state regulatory
agencies and state legislatures are considering new legislation or regulations relating to credit card pricing and repricing, use of consumer reports, credit card disclosures, patent reform, identity theft, privacy, data security and marketing that
could have a direct effect on us and our merchant and financial institution customers. In addition, the payments industry is the subject of increasing global regulatory focus, which may result in costly new compliance burdens being imposed on us and
our cardholders and lead to increased costs and decreased payments volume and revenues. We, our Diners Club licensees and Diners Club cardholders are subject to regulations that affect the payments industry in many countries in which our cards are
used. 

Current and proposed regulation addressing consumer privacy and data use and security could inhibit the number of payment cards issued and
increase our costs. 

Regulatory pronouncements relating to consumer privacy, data use and security affect our business. In the
United States, we are subject to the Federal Trade Commission’s and the banking regulators’ information safeguard rules under the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act. The rules require that financial institutions (including us) develop, implement and
maintain a written, comprehensive information security program containing safeguards that are appropriate to the financial institution’s size and complexity, the nature and scope of the financial institution’s activities, and the
sensitivity of any customer information at issue. The United States has experienced a heightened legislative and regulatory focus on data security, including requiring consumer notification in the event of a data breach. In the United States, there
are a number of bills pending in Congress 

33 

Table of Contents

and in individual states, and there have been numerous legislative hearings focusing on these issues. In addition, most states have enacted security breach
legislation requiring varying levels of consumer notification in the event of certain types of security breaches, and several other states are considering similar legislation. 

Regulation of privacy, data use and security may cause an increase in the costs to issue payment cards and/or may decrease the number of our cards that
we or third parties issue. New regulations in these areas may also increase our costs to comply with such regulations, which could materially adversely affect our earnings. In addition, failure to comply with the privacy and data use and security
laws and regulations to which we are subject, including by reason of inadvertent disclosure of confidential information, could result in fines, sanctions, penalties or other adverse consequences and loss of consumer confidence, which could
materially adversely affect our results of operations, overall business and reputation. 

Legislation or regulation could be enacted requiring us to
hold higher levels of capital, which we may not be able to obtain and which would reduce our return on capital. 

We are subject to
capital, funding and liquidity requirements prescribed by statutes, regulations and orders. New legislation or regulations could increase the levels of regulatory capital that are required. Regulators already have broad discretion to impose
additional capital and other requirements on us, including imposing restrictions on the ability of our regulated subsidiaries to pay dividends. Our ability to obtain additional capital would be dependent upon, among other things, general economic
conditions, our financial performance and prospects. If we were required to increase capital levels for Discover Financial Services, it would have the effect of reducing our return on capital. In addition, if Discover Bank and Bank of New Castle
were to fail to meet these regulatory capital requirements, they would become subject to restrictions that could materially adversely affect our ability to conduct normal operations. 

Litigation and regulatory actions could subject us to significant fines, penalties and/or requirements resulting in increased expenses. 

Businesses in the credit card industry have historically been subject to significant legal actions, including class action lawsuits and patent claims.
Many of these actions have included claims for substantial compensatory or punitive damages. While we have historically relied on our arbitration clause in agreements with cardmembers to limit our exposure to consumer class action litigation,
there can be no assurance that we will continue to be successful in enforcing our arbitration clause in the future. In addition, we may be involved in various actions or proceedings brought by governmental regulatory agencies in the event of
noncompliance with laws or regulations, which could subject us to significant fines, penalties or other requirements resulting in increased expenses. 

Risks Related to Our Spin-Off 

Certain of our historical financial results are as a business segment of Morgan Stanley and therefore
may not be representative of our results as a separate, stand-alone company. 

Certain historical financial information we have
included in this filing has been derived from Morgan Stanley’s consolidated financial statements and does not necessarily reflect what our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows would have been had we operated as a separate,
stand-alone company during the periods presented. For example, our funding costs increased after our separation from Morgan Stanley. In addition, certain historical costs and expenses reflected in our audited consolidated and combined financial
statements include an allocation for certain corporate functions historically provided by Morgan Stanley, including general corporate expenses, employee benefits and incentives. These allocations were based on what we and Morgan Stanley considered
to be reasonable reflections of the historical utilization levels of these services required in support of our business. This historical information does not necessarily indicate what our results of operations, financial condition, cash flows or
costs and expenses would have been had we operated as a separate, stand-alone entity, nor is it indicative of what our results will be in the future. 

34 

Table of Contents

We must abide by certain restrictions to preserve the tax treatment of the distribution of our common stock by
Morgan Stanley and we must indemnify Morgan Stanley for taxes resulting from certain actions we take that cause the distribution to fail to qualify as a tax-free transaction. 

Morgan Stanley has received a ruling from the Internal Revenue Service that, based on certain representations and qualifications, the distribution of our
common stock by Morgan Stanley was tax-free to Morgan Stanley stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes. These representations include satisfaction of certain requirements that must be met in order for the distribution to qualify for
tax-free treatment under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and state law. If any of the representations and assumptions upon which the ruling is based is untrue or incomplete in any material respect, Morgan
Stanley may not be able to rely upon the ruling. 

If the distribution were not to qualify for tax-free treatment under sections 355, 368
and related provisions of the Code, Morgan Stanley would recognize taxable gain equal to the excess of the fair market value of our stock over Morgan Stanley’s tax basis in our stock. Under certain circumstances, we would be required under the
U.S. tax sharing agreement entered into between Morgan Stanley and us to indemnify Morgan Stanley for all or a portion of this liability. In addition, each holder who received our common stock in the distribution would be treated as receiving a
taxable distribution in an amount equal to the fair market value of our common stock received. 

Even if the distribution initially
qualifies as a tax-free distribution under the Code, current tax law generally creates a presumption that the distribution would be taxable to Morgan Stanley (but not to its stockholders) if we engage in, or enter into an agreement to engage in, a
transaction that would result in a 50% or greater change, by vote or by value, in our stock ownership during the four-year period beginning on the date that begins two years before the distribution date, unless it is established that the transaction
is not pursuant to a plan or series of transactions related to the distribution. 

Under the U.S. tax sharing agreement entered into between
Morgan Stanley and us, for a period of two years following the distribution, we may not take certain actions unless Morgan Stanley provides us with prior written consent for such action, or we provide Morgan Stanley with a tax ruling or rulings, or
an unqualified opinion of counsel, in each case acceptable to Morgan Stanley, to the effect that the action will not affect the tax-free nature of the separation and distribution. These restrictions may prevent us from entering into strategic or
other transactions which might be advantageous to us or to our stockholders, such as issuing equity securities to satisfy our financing needs, acquiring businesses or assets by issuing equity securities, or mergers or other business combinations.

35 

Table of Contents

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This annual report on Form 10-K and materials we have filed or will file with the SEC (as well as information included in our other written or oral
statements) contain or will contain certain statements that are forward-looking within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks,
uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, our forward-looking statements. Words such as “expects,” “anticipates,”
“believes,” “estimates” and other similar expressions or future or conditional verbs such as “will,” “should,” “would” and “could” are intended to identify such forward-looking statements.
You should not rely solely on the forward-looking statements and should consider all uncertainties and risks throughout this annual report on Form 10-K, including those described under “Risk Factors.” The statements are only as of the date
they are made, and we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement. 

Possible events or factors that could cause results
or performance to differ materially from those expressed in our forward-looking statements include the following: 

•

 the actions and initiatives of current and potential competitors; 

•

 our ability to manage credit risks and securitize our receivables at acceptable rates and under sale accounting treatment; 

•

 changes in economic variables, such as the availability of consumer credit, the housing market, energy costs, the number and size of personal bankruptcy filings,
the rate of unemployment and the levels of consumer confidence and consumer debt; 

•

 the level and volatility of equity prices, commodity prices and interest rates, currency values, investments, other market fluctuations and other market indices;

•

 the availability and cost of funding and capital, including our receipt of final approval from the U.S. Treasury to participate in the Capital Purchase Program and
our ability to complete the issuance of shares of preferred stock and warrants to the U.S. Treasury under the Capital Purchase Program; 

•

 access to U.S. debt and deposit markets; 

•

 losses in our investment portfolio; 

•

 the ability to increase or sustain Discover Card usage or attract new cardmembers and introduce new products or services; 

•

 our ability to attract new merchants and maintain relationships with current merchants; 

•

 our ability to successfully achieve interoperability among our networks and maintain relationships with network participants; 

•

 material security breaches of key systems; 

•

 unforeseen and catastrophic events; 

•

 our reputation; 

•

 the potential effects of technological changes; 

•

 the effect of political, economic and market conditions and geopolitical events; 

•

 unanticipated developments relating to lawsuits, investigations or similar matters; 

•

 the impact of current, pending and future legislation, regulation and regulatory and legal actions, including the Federal Reserve Board’s new rules limiting or
modifying certain credit card practices; 

•

 our ability to attract and retain employees; 

•

 the ability to protect our intellectual property; 

36 

Table of Contents

•

 the impact of any potential future acquisitions; 

•

 investor sentiment; 

•

 resolution of our dispute with Morgan Stanley; and 

•

 the restrictions on our operations resulting from financing transactions. 

The foregoing review of important factors should not be construed as exclusive and should be read in conjunction with the other cautionary statements
that are included in this annual report on Form 10-K. These factors expressly qualify all subsequent oral and written forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf. Except for any ongoing obligations to disclose
material information as required under U.S. federal securities laws, we do not have any intention or obligation to update forward-looking statements after we distribute this annual report on Form 10-K, whether as a result of new information, future
developments or otherwise.