The Company encourages investors to carefully consider the risks described below and other information contained in this document when considering an investment decision with respect to Dollar General’s securities. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to management, or that management currently deems immaterial, may also impair the Company’s business operations. Any of the events discussed in the risk factors below may occur. If one or more of these events do occur, business, results of operations or financial condition could be materially adversely affected. In that instance, the trading price of Dollar General securities could decline, and investors might lose all or part of their investment.

The Company’s business is moderately seasonal with the highest portion of sales occurring during the fourth quarter. Adverse events during the fourth quarter could, therefore, materially affect the Company’s financial statements as a whole. The Company realizes a significant portion of its net sales and net income during the Christmas selling season in the fourth quarter.  In anticipation of this holiday, the Company purchases substantial amounts of seasonal inventory and hires many temporary employees.  A seasonal merchandise inventory imbalance could result if for any reason the Company’s net sales during the Christmas selling season were to fall below seasonal norms.  If such an imbalance were to occur, more markdowns than anticipated might be required to minimize the imbalance. The Company’s profitability and operating results could be adversely affected by unanticipated markdowns and by lower than anticipated sales. Lower than anticipated sales in the Christmas selling season would also negatively impact the Company’s ability to leverage the increased labor costs.

Competition in the retail industry could limit the Company’s growth opportunities and reduce its profitability.  The Company operates in the discount retail merchandise business, which is highly competitive.  This competitive environment subjects the Company to the risk of reduced profitability because of the lower prices, and thus the lower margins, required to maintain the Company’s competitive position.  The Company competes with discount stores and with many other retailers, including mass merchandise, grocery, drug, convenience, variety and other specialty stores.  These other retail companies operate stores in many of the areas where the Company operates.  The Company’s direct competitors in the dollar store retail category include, without limitation, Family Dollar, Dollar Tree, Fred’s, and various local, independent operators.  Competitors from other retail categories include Wal-Mart and Walgreens, among others.  Some of the Company’s competitors utilize aggressive promotional activities, advertising programs, and pricing discounts and the Company’s results of operations could be adversely affected if the Company does not respond effectively to these efforts. 

The discount retail merchandise business is subject to excess capacity, and some of the Company’s competitors are much larger and have substantially greater resources than the Company.  The competition for customers has intensified in recent years as larger competitors, such as Wal-Mart, have moved into, or increased their presence in, the Company’s geographic markets.  The Company remains vulnerable to the marketing power and high level of consumer recognition of these major national discount chains and to the risk that these chains or others could venture into the “dollar store” industry in a significant way.  Generally, the Company expects an increase in competition.

8

The Company’s financial performance is highly sensitive to changes in overall economic conditions that may impact consumer spending and the Company’s costs of doing business.  A general slowdown in the United States economy or rising personal debt levels may adversely affect the spending of the Company’s consumers, which would likely result in lower net sales than expected on a quarterly or annual basis.  Economic conditions affecting disposable consumer income, such as employment levels, business conditions, fuel and energy costs, inflation, interest rates, and tax rates, could also adversely affect the Company’s business by reducing consumer spending or causing consumers to shift their spending to other products.  The Company might be unable to anticipate these buying patterns and implement appropriate inventory strategies, which would adversely affect its sales and gross profit performance.  In addition, continued increases in fuel and energy costs would increase the Company’s transportation costs and overall cost of doing business and could adversely affect the Company’s financial statements as a whole. 

Natural disasters or unusually adverse weather conditions could adversely affect the Company’s net sales and supply chain efficiency.  Unusually adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or similar disruptions, especially during the peak Christmas selling season, but also at other times, could significantly reduce the Company’s net sales.  In addition, these disruptions could also adversely affect the Company’s supply chain efficiency and make it more difficult for the Company to obtain sufficient quantities of merchandise from its suppliers.

Existing military efforts and the possibility of war and acts of terrorism could disrupt the Company’s information or distribution systems or increase our costs of doing business. Existing U.S. military efforts, as well as the involvement of the United States in other military engagements, or a significant act of terrorism on U.S. soil or elsewhere, could have an adverse impact on the Company by, among other things, disrupting its information or distribution systems; causing dramatic increases in fuel prices thereby increasing the costs of doing business; or impeding the flow of imports or domestic products to the Company. 

The Company’s business is dependent on its ability to obtain attractive pricing and other terms from its vendors.  The Company believes that it has generally good relations with its vendors and that it is generally able to obtain attractive pricing and other terms from vendors. However, if the Company fails to maintain good relations with its vendors, it may not be able to obtain attractive pricing with the consequence that its net sales or profit margins would be reduced.  Also, prolonged or repeated price increases of certain raw materials could affect our vendors’ product costs and, ultimately, the Company’s profitability. The Company’s ability to pass on incremental pricing changes may be limited due to operational and competitive factors, which could negatively affect the Company’s profitability and sales. 

The efficient operation of the Company’s business is heavily dependent on its information systems. The Company depends on a variety of information technology systems for the efficient functioning of its business.  The Company relies on certain software vendors to maintain and periodically upgrade many of these systems so that they can continue to support the Company’s business.  The software programs supporting many of the Company’s systems were licensed to the Company by independent software developers.  The inability of these developers or the Company to continue to maintain and upgrade these information systems and software programs would disrupt or reduce the efficiency of the Company’s operations if it were unable to convert 

9

to alternate systems in an efficient and timely manner.  In addition, costs and potential problems and interruptions associated with the implementation of new or upgraded systems and technology or with maintenance or adequate support of existing systems could also disrupt or reduce the efficiency of the Company’s operations. The Company also relies heavily on its information technology staff.  If the Company cannot meet its staffing needs in this area, the Company may not be able to fulfill its technology initiatives while continuing to provide maintenance on existing systems.

The Company is dependent upon the smooth functioning of its distribution network, the capacity of its DCs, and the timely receipt of inventory.  The Company relies upon the ability to replenish depleted inventory through deliveries to its DCs from vendors and from the DCs to its stores by various means of transportation, including shipments by air, sea and truck. Labor shortages in the transportation industry could negatively affect transportation costs. In addition, long-term disruptions to the national and international transportation infrastructure that lead to delays or interruptions of service would adversely affect the Company’s business.  The Company also may face difficulty in obtaining needed inventory from its vendors because of interruptions in production, adverse weather conditions, foreign trade restrictions or government regulations, or for other reasons, which would adversely affect the Company’s sales.  Moreover, if the Company were unable to achieve functionality of new DCs in the time frame expected, the Company’s ability to achieve the expected growth could be inhibited. 

Construction and expansion projects relating to the Company’s DCs entail risks which could cause delays and cost overruns, such as: shortages of materials; shortages of skilled labor or work stoppages; unforeseen construction, scheduling, engineering, environmental or geological problems; weather interference; fires or other casualty losses; and unanticipated cost increases.  The completion dates and ultimate costs of these projects could differ significantly from initial expectations due to construction-related or other reasons.  The Company cannot guarantee that any project will be completed on time or within established budgets.  

The Company’s success depends to a significant extent upon the abilities of its senior management team and the performance of its employees. The loss of services of key members of the Company’s senior management team or of certain other key employees could negatively affect the Company’s business.  The risk of key employee turnover intensifies as a greater number of public corporations locate in the vicinity of the Company’s headquarters. In addition, future performance will depend upon the Company’s ability to attract, retain and motivate qualified employees to keep pace with its expansion schedule. The inability to do so may limit the Company’s ability to effectively penetrate new market areas. Also, the Company’s stores are decentralized and are managed through a network of geographically dispersed management personnel.  The inability of the Company to effectively and efficiently operate its stores, including the ability to control losses resulting from inventory and cash shrinkage, may negatively impact the Company’s sales and/or operating margins.

If the Company cannot open new stores on schedule, its growth will be impeded which would adversely affect sales.   The Company’s growth is dependent on both increases in sales in existing stores and the ability to open new stores. Delays in store openings could adversely affect the Company’s future operations by slowing new store growth, which may in turn reduce its revenue growth.  The Company’s ability to timely open new stores and to expand into additional 

10

market areas depends in part on the following factors: the availability of attractive store locations; the ability to negotiate favorable lease terms; the ability to hire and train new personnel, especially store managers; the ability to identify customer demand in different geographic areas; general economic conditions; and the availability of sufficient funds for expansion. Many of these factors are beyond the Company’s control. In addition, the Company may not anticipate all of the challenges imposed by the expansion of its operations and, as a result, may not meet its targets for opening new stores or expanding profitably.  

The inability to execute operating initiatives could negatively affect the Company’s future operating results. The Company is involved in a significant number of operating initiatives that have the potential to be disruptive in the short term if they are not implemented effectively.  Ineffective implementation or execution of some or all of these initiatives could also negatively impact the Company’s operating results. Please reference the discussion of the initiatives in the “Results of Operations – Executive Overview” section included in Part II, Item 7 “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation” below.

The Company’s cost of doing business could increase as a result of changes in federal, state or local regulations.  Unanticipated changes in the federal or state minimum wage or living wage requirements or changes in other wage or workplace regulations could adversely affect the Company’s ability to meet financial targets.  In addition, changes in federal, state or local regulations governing the sale of the Company’s products, particularly “over-the-counter” medications or health products, could increase the Company’s cost of doing business and could adversely affect the Company’s sales results. Also, the Company’s inability to comply with these regulatory changes in a timely fashion or to adequately execute a required recall could result in significant fines or penalties that could affect the Company’s financial statements as a whole. 

Unanticipated increases in insurance costs or loss experience could negatively impact profitability.  The costs of some insurance (workers’ compensation insurance, general liability insurance, health insurance and property insurance) and loss experience have risen in recent years. Higher than expected increases in these costs or other insurance costs or unexpected escalations in the Company’s loss rates could have an unanticipated negative impact on the Company’s profitability.

The Company is subject to certain legal proceedings that may adversely affect its financial statements as a whole.  The Company is involved in a number of legal proceedings, which include, for instance, consumer, employment, tort and other litigation.   Certain of these lawsuits, if decided adversely to the Company or settled by the Company, may result in liability material to the Company’s financial statements as a whole or may negatively impact the Company’s operating results if changes to the operation of the business are required.  Please see Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 below for further details regarding certain of these pending matters.

The Company may be unable to rely on liability indemnities given by foreign vendors which could adversely affect its financial statements as a whole. The Company imports approximately 13% of its merchandise globally. Sources of supply may prove to be unreliable, or the quality of the globally sourced products may vary from the Company’s expectations.  The 

11

Company’s ability to obtain indemnification from the manufacturers of these products may be hindered by the manufacturers’ lack of understanding of U.S. product liability laws, which may make it more likely that the Company may have to respond to claims or complaints from its customers as if the Company were the manufacturer of the products.  Any of these circumstances could have a material adverse effect on the Company’s business and its financial statements as a whole.

The Company is subject to interest rate risk which could impact profitability.  The Company is subject to market risk from exposure to changes in interest rates based on its financing, investing and cash management activities. Changes in interest rates could have an unanticipated negative impact on the Company’s profitability.