Discussion of our business and operations included in this
 annual report on
 Form 10-K
 should be read together with the risk factors set forth below.
 They describe various risks and uncertainties we are or may
 become subject to, many of which are difficult to predict or
 beyond our control. These risks and uncertainties, together with
 other factors described elsewhere in this report, have the
 potential to affect our business, financial condition, results
 of operations, cash flows, strategies or prospects in a material
 and adverse manner.

 The
 homebuilding industry is undergoing a significant downturn, and
 its duration and ultimate severity are uncertain. Continued
 weakness or further deterioration in industry conditions or in
 the broader economic conditions could have additional adverse
 effects on our business and financial results.

 The downturn in the homebuilding industry is in its fifth year,
 and it has become one of the most severe housing downturns in
 U.S. history. The significant declines in the demand for
 new homes, oversupply of homes on the market and reductions in
 the availability of financing for homebuyers that have marked
 the downturn are continuing. During the downturn, we have
 experienced material reductions in our home sales and
 homebuilding revenues, and we have incurred material asset
 impairments and write-offs.

 Our ability to respond to the downturn has been limited by
 adverse industry and economic conditions. The significant number
 of home mortgage foreclosures has increased supply and driven
 down prices, making the purchase of a foreclosed home an
 alternative to purchasing a new home as well as negatively
 affecting appraisal comparisons for mortgage financing.
 Homebuilders have responded to declining sales and increased
 cancellation rates with significant concessions. With the
 decline in the values of homes and the inability of some
 homeowners to make their mortgage payments, the credit markets
 have been significantly disrupted, putting strains on many
 households and businesses. In the face of these conditions, the
 overall economy has remained very weak, with high unemployment
 levels and substantially reduced consumer spending and
 confidence. As a result, demand for new homes remains at
 historically low levels.

 These challenging conditions are complex and interrelated. We
 cannot predict their duration or ultimate severity. Nor can we
 provide assurance that our responses to the homebuilding
 downturn or the government’s attempts to address the
 troubles in the overall economy will be successful.

 10

Table of Contents

 Constriction
 of the credit markets could limit our ability to access capital
 and increase our costs of capital.

 During the downturn in the homebuilding industry, we generated
 substantial operating cash flow, and we have relied principally
 on our cash on hand to meet our working capital needs and repay
 outstanding indebtedness. The downturn and the constriction of
 the credit markets have reduced some of the other sources of
 liquidity available to us. There likely will be periods when
 financial market upheaval will limit our ability to access the
 public debt markets or obtain bank financing, or doing so will
 increase our cost of capital.

 Our mortgage subsidiary, DHI Mortgage, uses a mortgage
 repurchase facility to finance many of the loans it originates.
 The facility must be renewed annually, and the current facility
 expires in March 2012. A continuation of current market
 conditions could make the renewal more difficult or could result
 in an increase in the cost of the facility or a decrease in its
 committed availability. Such conditions may also make it more
 difficult or costly to sell the mortgages that we originate.

 We believe we can meet our capital requirements in the next
 12 months with our existing cash resources. However, we can
 provide no assurance that we will continue to be able to do so,
 particularly if current industry or economic conditions continue
 or deteriorate further. The future effects on our business,
 liquidity and financial results of these conditions could be
 material and adverse, both in ways described above and in other
 ways that we do not currently foresee.

 We use letters of credit and surety bonds to secure our
 performance under various construction and land development
 agreements, escrow agreements, financial guarantees and other
 arrangements. Should our future performance or economic
 conditions make these more difficult to obtain or more costly,
 our business or financial results could be adversely affected.

 The
 reduction in availability of mortgage financing has adversely
 affected our business, and the duration and ultimate severity of
 the effects are uncertain.

 Over the last five fiscal years, the mortgage lending industry
 has experienced significant change and contraction. Credit
 requirements have tightened and investor demand for mortgage
 loans and mortgage-backed securities has been limited to
 securities backed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae. This
 has made it more difficult for many buyers to finance the
 purchase of our homes, thus reducing the pool of qualified
 homebuyers. These reductions in demand have adversely affected
 our business and financial results, and the duration and
 severity of these effects remain uncertain.

 We believe that the liquidity provided by Fannie Mae, Freddie
 Mac and Ginnie Mae to the mortgage industry has been very
 important to the housing market. Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have
 required substantial injections of capital from the federal
 government and may require additional government support in the
 future. In addition, increased lending volume and losses insured
 by the FHA have resulted in a reduction of its insurance fund.
 Any reduction in the availability of the financing provided by
 these institutions could adversely affect interest rates,
 mortgage availability and sales of new homes and mortgage loans.

 The FHA insures mortgage loans that generally have lower credit
 requirements and as a result, continue to be a particularly
 important source for financing the sale of our homes. In the
 last three years, more restrictive guidelines have been placed
 on FHA insured loans, affecting minimum down payment and
 availability for condominium financing. In the near future,
 further restrictions are expected on FHA insured loans,
 including but not limited to additional limitations on
 seller-paid closing costs and concessions. This or any other
 restriction may negatively affect the availability or
 affordability of FHA financing, which could adversely affect our
 ability to sell homes.

 While the use of down payment assistance programs by our
 homebuyers has decreased significantly, some of our customers
 still utilize 100% financing through programs offered by the VA
 and United States Department of Agriculture (USDA). There can be
 no assurance that these programs or other programs will continue
 to be available or will be as attractive to our customers as the
 programs currently offered, which could negatively affect our
 sales.

 11

Table of Contents

 The mortgage loans originated by our financial services
 operation are sold to third-party purchasers. An entity which
 has historically purchased a substantial volume of mortgage
 loans from us has recently announced that they are exiting this
 line of business. If we are unable to sell to additional viable
 purchasers in the marketplace, our ability to originate and sell
 mortgage loans at competitive prices could be limited which
 would negatively affect our profitability.

 Even if potential customers do not need financing, changes in
 the availability of mortgage products may make it more difficult
 for them to sell their current homes to potential buyers who
 need financing.

 Mortgage rates are currently at historically low levels. If
 interest rates increase, the costs of owning a home will be
 affected and could result in further reductions in the demand
 for our homes.

 Our
 strategies in responding to the adverse conditions in the
 homebuilding industry have had limited success, and the
 continued implementation of these and other strategies may not
 be successful.

 We have been successful in increasing our liquidity by
 generating positive operating cash flow and reducing our
 leverage during the downturn. However, during this time,
 notwithstanding our sales strategies, we continued to experience
 a low level of sales demand and an elevated rate of sales
 contract cancellations. We believe this is largely due to
 reduced homebuyer confidence, due principally to the weak
 economy and the continuing high level of unemployment. A more
 restrictive mortgage lending environment and the inability of
 some buyers to sell their existing homes have also impacted our
 sales orders. Many of these factors, which affect new sales and
 cancellation rates, are beyond our control. It is uncertain how
 long the low sales level and elevated level of cancellations
 will continue. If these conditions continue for a protracted
 period, it is not clear whether our strategies will succeed in
 maintaining or increasing our sales volume or our current
 margins.

 Our
 business and financial results could be adversely affected by
 significant inflation or deflation.

 Inflation can adversely affect us by increasing costs of land,
 materials and labor. In the event of a return of significant
 inflation, we may seek to increase the sales prices of homes in
 order to maintain satisfactory margins. However, a continuation
 of the oversupply of homes relative to demand may make this
 difficult. In addition, significant inflation is often
 accompanied by higher interest rates, which have a negative
 impact on housing demand. In such an environment, we may not be
 able to raise home prices sufficiently to keep up with the rate
 of inflation and our margins could decrease. Moreover, with
 inflation, the costs of capital increase and the purchasing
 power of our cash resources can decline. Current or future
 efforts by the government to stimulate the economy may increase
 the risk of significant inflation and its adverse impact on our
 business or financial results.

 Alternatively, a significant period of deflation could cause a
 decrease in overall spending and borrowing levels. This could
 lead to a further deterioration in economic conditions,
 including an increase in the rate of unemployment. Deflation
 could also cause the value of our inventories to decline or
 reduce the value of existing homes below the related mortgage
 loan balance, which could potentially increase the supply of
 existing homes and have a negative impact on our results of
 operations.

 The
 homebuilding industry is cyclical and affected by changes in
 general economic, real estate or other business conditions that
 could adversely affect our business or financial
 results.

 The homebuilding industry is cyclical and is significantly
 affected by changes in industry conditions, as well as changes
 in general and local economic conditions, such as:

 • 

 employment levels;

 • 

 availability of financing for homebuyers;

 • 

 interest rates;

 • 

 consumer confidence;

 • 

 levels of new and existing homes for sale;

 12

Table of Contents

 • 

 demographic trends; and

 • 

 housing demand.

 These may occur on a national scale, like the current downturn,
 or may affect some of our regions or markets more than others.
 When adverse conditions affect any of our larger markets, they
 could have a proportionately greater impact on us than on some
 other homebuilding companies. Our operations in previously
 strong markets, particularly California, Florida, Nevada and
 Arizona, have more adversely affected our financial results than
 our other markets in the current downturn.

 An oversupply of alternatives to new homes, including foreclosed
 homes, homes held for sale by investors and speculators, other
 existing homes and rental properties, can also reduce our
 ability to sell new homes, depress new home prices and reduce
 our margins on the sales of new homes. High levels of
 foreclosures not only contribute to additional inventory
 available for sale, but also reduce appraisal valuations for new
 homes and the amount that can be financed, potentially resulting
 in lower sales prices.

 Weather conditions and natural disasters, such as hurricanes,
 tornadoes, earthquakes, wildfires, volcanic activity, droughts,
 and floods, can harm our homebuilding business. These can delay
 home closings, adversely affect the cost or availability of
 materials or labor, or damage homes under construction. The
 climates and geology of many of the states in which we operate,
 including California, Florida and Texas, where we have some of
 our larger operations, present increased risks of adverse
 weather or natural disasters.

 Continued military deployments to foreign regions, terrorist
 attacks, other acts of violence or threats to national security
 and any corresponding response by the United States or others,
 or related domestic or international instability may adversely
 affect general economic conditions or cause a slowdown of the
 economy.

 As a result of the foregoing matters, potential customers may be
 less willing or able to buy our homes. Because of weak industry
 and economic conditions, we have generally not been able to
 increase the sale prices of our homes in recent years. In the
 future, our pricing strategies may also be limited by market
 conditions. We may be unable to further change the mix of our
 home offerings, reduce the costs of the homes we build or offer
 more affordable homes to maintain our margins or satisfactorily
 address changing market conditions in other ways. In addition,
 cancellations of home sales contracts in backlog may increase as
 homebuyers choose to not honor their contracts due to any of the
 factors discussed above.

 Our financial services business is closely related to our
 homebuilding business, as it originates mortgage loans
 principally to purchasers of the homes we build. A decrease in
 the demand for our homes because of the foregoing matters may
 also adversely affect the financial results of this segment of
 our business. An increase in the default rate on the mortgages
 we originate may adversely affect our ability to sell the
 mortgages or the pricing we receive upon the sale of mortgages
 or may increase our repurchase or other obligations for previous
 originations. We establish reserves related to mortgages we have
 sold; however, actual future obligations related to these
 mortgages could differ significantly from our currently
 estimated amounts.

 The
 risks associated with our land and lot inventory could adversely
 affect our business or financial results.

 Inventory risks are substantial for our homebuilding business.
 The risks inherent in controlling or purchasing and developing
 land increase as consumer demand for housing decreases. Thus, we
 may have acquired options on or bought and developed land or
 lots at a cost we will not be able to recover fully, or on which
 we cannot build and sell homes profitably. As a result, our
 deposits for building lots controlled under option or similar
 contracts may be put at risk. The value of our owned undeveloped
 land, building lots and housing inventories can also fluctuate
 significantly as a result of changing market conditions. In
 addition, inventory carrying costs can be significant and can
 result in reduced margins or losses in a poorly performing
 community or market. During the current economic downturn, we
 have sold homes and land for lower margins or at a loss and we
 have recorded significant inventory impairment charges.

 Our levels of owned and controlled land and building lots are
 based on management’s expectations for future volume
 growth. In light of the much weaker market conditions
 encountered since fiscal 2006, we have

 13

Table of Contents

 significantly slowed our purchases of undeveloped land and our
 development spending on land we own. We made substantial land
 and lot sales in fiscal 2008. Throughout the downturn, we also
 terminated numerous land option contracts and wrote off earnest
 money deposits and pre-acquisition costs related to these option
 contracts. Because future market conditions are uncertain, we
 cannot provide assurance that these measures will be successful
 in managing our future inventory risks.

 Supply
 shortages and other risks related to demand for building
 materials and skilled labor could increase our costs and delay
 deliveries.

 The homebuilding industry has from time to time experienced
 significant difficulties that can affect the cost or timing of
 construction, including:

 • 

 difficulty in acquiring land suitable for residential building
 at affordable prices in locations where our potential customers
 want to live;

 • 

 shortages of qualified trades people;

 • 

 reliance on local subcontractors, manufacturers and distributors
 who may be inadequately capitalized;

 • 

 shortages of materials; and

 • 

 volatile increases in the cost of materials, particularly
 increases in the price of lumber, drywall and cement, which are
 significant components of home construction costs.

 These factors may cause us to take longer or incur more costs to
 build our homes and adversely affect our revenues and margins.

 Increases
 in the costs of owning a home could prevent potential customers
 from buying our homes and adversely affect our business or
 financial results.

 Significant expenses of owning a home, including mortgage
 interest and real estate taxes, generally are deductible
 expenses for an individual’s federal, and in some cases
 state, income taxes, subject to various limitations under
 current tax law and policy. If the federal government or a state
 government changes its income tax laws, as has been discussed
 from time to time, to eliminate or substantially modify these
 income tax deductions, the after-tax cost of owning a new home
 would increase for many of our potential customers. The loss or
 reduction of homeowner tax deductions, if such tax law changes
 were enacted without offsetting provisions, would adversely
 impact demand for and sales prices of new homes.

 In addition, increases in property tax rates by local
 governmental authorities, as experienced in response to reduced
 federal and state funding, can adversely affect the ability of
 potential customers to obtain financing or their desire to
 purchase new homes.

 Governmental
 regulations could increase the cost and limit the availability
 of our development and homebuilding projects and adversely
 affect our business or financial results.

 We are subject to extensive and complex regulations that affect
 land development and home construction, including zoning,
 density restrictions, building design and building standards.
 These regulations often provide broad discretion to the
 administering governmental authorities as to the conditions we
 must meet prior to development or construction being approved,
 if approved at all. We are subject to determinations by these
 authorities as to the adequacy of water or sewage facilities,
 roads or other local services. New housing developments may also
 be subject to various assessments for schools, parks, streets
 and other public improvements. In addition, in many markets
 government authorities have implemented no growth or growth
 control initiatives. Any of these can limit, delay or increase
 the costs of development or home construction.

 We are also subject to a variety of local, state and federal
 laws and regulations concerning protection of health, safety and
 the environment. The impact of environmental laws varies
 depending upon the prior uses of the building site or adjoining