Discussion of our business and operations included in this
 annual report on
 Form 10-K
 should be read together with the risk factors set forth below.
 They describe various risks and uncertainties to which we are or
 may become subject. These risks and uncertainties, together with
 other factors described elsewhere in this report, have the
 potential to affect our business, financial condition, results
 of operations, cash flows, strategies or prospects in a material
 and adverse manner.

 The
 homebuilding industry is undergoing a significant downturn, and
 its duration and ultimate severity are uncertain. A continuation
 or further deterioration in industry conditions or in the
 broader economic conditions could have additional adverse
 effects on our operations and financial results.

 The downturn in the homebuilding industry is in its third year
 and it has become one of the most severe housing downturns in
 U.S. history. The significant declines in the demand for
 new homes, the significant oversupply of homes on the market and
 the significant reductions in the availability of financing for
 homebuyers that have marked the downturn are continuing. We have
 experienced material reductions in our home sales and
 homebuilding revenues, and we have incurred material inventory
 and goodwill impairments and other write-offs. Our gross margins
 have declined significantly, and we incurred substantial losses
 for our 2007 and 2008 fiscal years. It is not clear when these
 trends will reverse or when we will return to profitability.

 Our ability to respond to the downturn has been limited by
 adverse market and economic conditions. Recently, the growing
 number of home mortgage foreclosures has increased supply and
 driven down prices, making the purchase of a foreclosed home an
 attractive alternative to purchasing a new home. Homebuilders
 have responded to declining sales and increased cancellation
 rates with significant concessions, further adding to the price
 declines. With the decline in the values of homes and in the
 ability of homeowners to make their mortgage payments, the
 credit markets have been significantly disrupted, putting
 strains on many households and businesses. In the face of these
 conditions, fears of recession and the loss of jobs have
 increased, and consumer confidence has reached its lowest level
 in decades. As a result, the decision to buy a new home has

 10

Table of Contents

 become more difficult, and demand for new homes has declined
 significantly. Moreover, the government’s legislative and
 administrative measures aimed at restoring liquidity to the
 credit markets and providing relief to homeowners facing
 foreclosure have only recently begun. It is unclear whether
 these measures will effectively stabilize prices and home values
 or restore confidence and increase demand in the homebuilding
 industry.

 These challenging conditions are complex and interrelated. We
 cannot predict their duration or ultimate severity. Nor can we
 provide assurance that our responses to the downturn or the
 government’s attempts to address the troubles in the
 economy will be successful.

 The
 downturn in homebuilding and the continuation of the disruptions
 in the credit markets could limit our ability to access capital
 and increase our costs of capital.

 During this downturn in the homebuilding industry, we have
 relied principally on the positive operating cash flow we have
 generated to meet our working capital needs and repay
 outstanding indebtedness. We generated $1.88 billion and
 $1.36 billion in operating cash flow in fiscal years 2008
 and 2007, respectively. We anticipate significant positive
 operating cash flow for fiscal 2009, principally through the
 receipt of federal income tax refunds and from home and land
 sales, though at a reduced level. However, the downturn and the
 disruption in the credit markets have reduced other sources of
 liquidity available to us.

 In fiscal 2008, our senior debt ratings were lowered below
 investment grade by the three ratings agencies, and the terms of
 our revolving credit facility now restrict our future borrowings
 to borrowing base limitations. Though we had no cash borrowings
 outstanding under the facility at September 30, 2008, the
 borrowing base limitations currently have reduced availability
 under the facility to $52.8 million until we repay
 outstanding homebuilding debt at a faster pace than further
 inventory reductions, or the limitations are amended. We are
 currently exploring alternatives with regard to our revolving
 credit facility, which could potentially include an amendment to
 the current agreement, but consummating an amendment may be
 difficult in the current credit market. We believe that any
 amendment will require an increase in the costs of borrowing, a
 reduction in the overall credit commitment and possibly
 additional restrictions on us. We do not currently anticipate a
 need to borrow from the facility, and we plan to fund our
 short-term working capital needs and our fiscal 2009 debt
 maturities through existing cash resources and cash flows
 generated from operations during fiscal 2009.

 As of September 30, 2008, we had $549.7 million of
 senior notes that mature in January and February 2009. We have
 sufficient cash on hand to make these payments. However, current
 market conditions would significantly limit our ability to
 refinance this indebtedness if we chose to do so. Pricing in the
 public debt markets has increased substantially, and the
 indenture terms available in these markets are generally more
 restrictive than those in our current indentures. Moreover, our
 senior debt ratings, the impact of our recent results on
 measures used by debt investors and the uncertainties facing the
 homebuilding industry could reduce our ability to access these
 markets even if acceptable pricing or terms are available to
 other issuers. In addition, the significant decline in our stock
 price, the ongoing volatility in the stock markets and the
 reduction in our stockholders’ equity relative to our debt
 could also impede our access to the equity markets or increase
 the amount of dilution our stockholders would experience should
 we seek to raise capital through issuance of equity.

 Our financial services segment uses a $275 million mortgage
 repurchase facility to finance many of the loans it originates.
 The facility must be renewed annually, and the current facility
 expires in March 2009. A continuation of current market
 conditions could make the renewal more difficult or could result
 in an increase in the cost of the facility or a decrease in its
 committed availability. Such conditions may also make it more
 difficult or costly to sell the mortgages that we originate. We
 have reduced our mortgage products to only those we expect to be
 able to sell.

 While we believe we can meet our capital requirements from our
 cash resources, future cash flow and the sources of financing
 that we anticipate will be available to us, we can provide no
 assurance that we will continue to be able to do so,
 particularly if current market or economic conditions continue
 or deteriorate further. The future effects on our business,
 liquidity and financial results of these conditions could be
 material and adverse to us, both in ways described above and in
 other ways that we do not currently foresee.

 11

Table of Contents

 The
 reduction in availability of mortgage financing and the increase
 in mortgage interest rates have adversely affected our business,
 and the duration and ultimate severity of the effects are
 uncertain.

 Most of our customers finance their home purchases through
 lenders providing mortgage financing. Prior to the recent
 volatility in the financial markets, mortgage interest rates
 were at historical lows and a variety of mortgage products were
 available. As a result, homeownership became more accessible.
 The mortgage products available included features that allowed
 buyers to obtain financing for a significant portion, up to all,
 of the purchase price of the home, had very limited underwriting
 requirements or provided for lower initial monthly payments. As
 a result, more people were able to qualify for mortgage
 financing. Mortgage interest rates have increased, and the range
 of mortgage products to homebuyers has decreased from those
 previously available.

 During fiscal 2007 and 2008, the mortgage lending industry
 experienced significant instability, beginning with increased
 defaults on subprime loans and other nonconforming loans and
 compounded by expectations of increasing interest payment
 requirements and further defaults. This in turn resulted in a
 decline in the market value of many mortgage loans and related
 securities. Lenders, regulators and others questioned the
 adequacy of lending standards and other credit requirements for
 several loan products and programs offered in recent years.
 Credit requirements tightened, and investor demand for mortgage
 loans and mortgage-backed securities declined. The deterioration
 in credit quality has caused almost all lenders to eliminate
 subprime mortgages and most other loan products that are not
 eligible for sale to Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac or loans that do
 not meet Federal Housing Administration (FHA) and Veterans
 Administration (VA) requirements. Fewer loan products, tighter
 loan qualifications and a reduced willingness of lenders to make
 loans in turn have made it more difficult for many buyers to
 finance the purchase of our homes. These factors have served to
 reduce the pool of qualified homebuyers and made it more
 difficult to sell to first time and
 move-up
 buyers which have long made up a substantial part of our
 customers. These reductions in demand have adversely affected
 our operations and financial results, and the duration and
 severity of the effects are uncertain.

 We believe that the liquidity provided by Fannie Mae and Freddie
 Mac to the mortgage industry has been very important to the
 housing market. These entities have recently required
 substantial injections of capital from the federal government.
 These injections have been accompanied by criticism that the
 pool of homebuyers these institutions seek to assist should be
 reduced. Any reduction in the availability of the financing
 provided by these institutions could adversely affect interest
 rates, mortgage availability and our sales of new homes and
 mortgage loans.

 In recent years a growing number of our homebuyers used down
 payment assistance programs, which allowed them to receive gift
 funds from non-profit corporations as a down payment.
 Homebuilders had been a source of funding for these programs.
 However, the American Housing Rescue and Foreclosure Prevention
 Act of 2008 eliminated seller-funded down payment assistance on
 FHA-insured loans approved on or after October 1, 2008.
 With the elimination of these gift fund programs, we will seek
 other financing alternatives, and seek down payment programs for
 those customers who meet applicable guidelines. There can be no
 assurance, however, that any such alternative programs are
 available or as attractive to our customers as the programs
 previously offered, and our sales could suffer.

 Because of the decline in the availability of other mortgage
 products, FHA and VA mortgage financing support has become a
 more important factor in marketing our homes. The American
 Housing Rescue and Foreclosure Prevention Act of 2008, however,
 includes a provision that increases a buyer’s down payment
 from at least 3.0% to at least 3.5% of the appraised value of
 the property on FHA insured loans. This down payment requirement
 may impact the ability of our customers that meet the FHA
 guidelines to obtain financing. Additionally, this limitation
 and other limitations or restrictions on the availability of FHA
 and VA financing could adversely affect interest rates, mortgage
 availability and our sales of new homes and mortgage loans.

 Even if potential customers do not need financing, changes in
 interest rates and the availability of mortgage products may
 make it harder for them to sell their current homes to potential
 buyers who need financing.

 12

Table of Contents

 The decreases in mortgage availability have also been reflected
 in higher mortgage interest rates. Despite recent rate cuts by
 the Federal Reserve, mortgage rates remain above their lows of
 the past few years and these interest rates may increase
 further. If these rates remain high or increase, the costs of
 owning a home will be affected and could result in further
 reductions in the demand for our homes.

 Our
 strategies in responding to the adverse conditions in the
 homebuilding industry have had limited success, and the
 continued implementation of these and other strategies may not
 be successful.

 While we have been successful in generating positive operating
 cash flow and reducing our inventories in fiscal 2007 and 2008,
 we have done so at significantly reduced gross profit levels and
 have incurred significant asset impairment charges. These
 contributed to the net losses we recognized in fiscal 2007 and
 2008. Also, in fiscal 2007 and 2008, notwithstanding our sales
 strategies, we continued to experience an elevated rate of sales
 contract cancellations. We believe that the increase in the
 cancellation rate is largely due to a decrease in homebuyer
 confidence, due principally to continued price declines, the
 growing number of foreclosures and reduced consumer confidence.
 A more restrictive mortgage lending environment and the
 inability of some buyers to sell their existing homes have also
 impacted cancellations. Many of these factors, which affect new
 sales and cancellation rates, are beyond our control. It is
 uncertain how long the reduction in sales and the increased
 level of cancellations will continue.

 The
 homebuilding industry continues to be cyclical and affected by
 changes in general economic, real estate or other business
 conditions that could adversely affect our business or financial
 results.

 Cyclical Industry.  The homebuilding industry
 has been cyclical historically and continues to be significantly
 affected by changes in industry conditions, as well as in
 general and local economic conditions, such as:

 • 

 employment levels;

 • 

 availability of financing for homebuyers;

 • 

 interest rates;

 • 

 consumer confidence;

 • 

 levels of new and existing homes for sale;

 • 

 demographic trends; and

 • 

 housing demand.

 These may occur on a national scale, like the current downturn,
 or may affect some of the regions or markets in which we operate
 more than others. When adverse conditions affect any of our
 larger markets, they could have a proportionately greater impact
 on us than on some other homebuilding companies. Our operations
 in previously strong markets, particularly California, Florida,
 Nevada and Arizona, where we have significant inventory, have
 more adversely affected our financial results than our other
 markets in the current downturn.

 An oversupply of alternatives to new homes, including foreclosed
 homes, homes held for sale by investors and speculators, other
 existing homes and rental properties, can also reduce our
 ability to sell new homes and depress new home prices and reduce
 our margins on the sales of new homes.

 Inventory Risks.  Inventory risks are
 substantial for our homebuilding business. The risks inherent in
 controlling or purchasing and developing land increase as
 consumer demand for housing decreases. Thus, we may have
 acquired options on or bought and developed land at a cost we
 will not be able to recover fully or on which we cannot build
 and sell homes profitably. Our deposits for building lots
 controlled under option or similar contracts may be put at risk.
 The value of undeveloped land, building lots and housing
 inventories can also fluctuate significantly as a result of
 changing market conditions. In addition, inventory carrying
 costs can be significant and can result in reduced margins or
 losses in a poorly performing project or market. In the

 13

Table of Contents

 present weak market conditions, we have sold homes and land for
 lower margins or at a loss and we have recorded significant
 inventory impairment charges.

 Historically, our goals for years of supply for ownership and
 control of land and building lots were based on
 management’s expectations for future volume growth. In
 light of the much weaker market conditions encountered since
 fiscal 2006, we significantly slowed our purchases of land and
 lots and made substantial land and lot sales as part of our
 strategy to reduce our inventory to better match our reduced
 rate of production. We also terminated numerous land option
 contracts and wrote off earnest money deposits and
 pre-acquisition costs related to these option contracts. Because
 future market conditions are uncertain, we cannot provide
 assurance that these measures will be successful in managing our
 future inventory risks.

 Supply Risks.  The homebuilding industry has
 from time to time experienced significant difficulties that can
 affect the cost or timing of construction, including:

 • 

 difficulty in acquiring land suitable for residential building
 at affordable prices in locations where our potential customers
 want to live;

 • 

 shortages of qualified trades people;

 • 

 reliance on local subcontractors, who may be inadequately
 capitalized;

 • 

 shortages of materials; and

 • 

 volatile increases in the cost of materials, particularly
 increases in the price of lumber, drywall and cement, which are
 significant components of home construction costs.

 Risks from Nature.  Weather conditions and
 natural disasters, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, earthquakes,
 wildfires, volcanic activity, droughts, and floods, can harm our
 homebuilding business. These can delay home closings, adversely
 affect the cost or availability of materials or labor, or damage
 homes under construction. The climates and geology of many of
 the states in which we operate, including California, Florida
 and Texas, where we have some of our larger operations, present
 increased risks of adverse weather or natural disaster.

 Risks Related to National Security.  Continued
 military deployments in the Middle East and other overseas
 regions, terrorist attacks, other acts of violence or threats to
 national security, and any corresponding response by the United
 States or others, or related domestic or international
 instability, may adversely affect general economic conditions or
 cause a slowdown of the economy.

 Consequences.  As a result of the foregoing
 matters, potential customers may be less able or willing to buy
 our homes, or we may take longer or incur more costs to build
 them. Because of current market conditions, we have not been
 able to recapture any increased costs by raising prices. In the
 future, our ability to do so may also be limited by market
 conditions or because we fix our prices in advance of delivery
 by signing home sales contracts. We may be unable to change the
 mix of our home offerings or the affordability of our homes to
 maintain our margins or satisfactorily address changing market
 conditions in other ways. In addition, cancellations of home
 sales contracts in backlog may increase as homebuyers cancel or
 do not honor their contracts.

 Our financial services business is closely related to our
 homebuilding business, as it originates mortgage loans
 principally to purchasers of the homes we build. A decrease in
 the demand for our homes because of the foregoing matters may
 also adversely affect the financial results of this segment of
 our business. An increase in the default rate on the mortgages
 we originate may adversely affect our ability to sell the
 mortgages or the pricing we receive upon the sale of mortgages
 or may increase our repurchase obligations for previous
 originations.

 Increases
 in the costs of owning a home could prevent potential customers
 from buying our homes and adversely affect our business or our
 financial results.

 Significant expenses of owning a home, including mortgage
 interest and real estate taxes, generally are deductible
 expenses for an individual’s federal, and in some cases
 state, income taxes, subject to various limitations under
 current tax law and policy. If the federal government or a state
 government changes its income tax laws, as has been discussed,
 to eliminate or substantially modify these income tax
 deductions, the

 14

Table of Contents

 after-tax cost of owning a new home could increase for many of
 our potential customers. The resulting loss or reduction of
 homeowner tax deductions, if such tax law changes were enacted
 without offsetting provisions, could adversely impact demand for
 and sales prices of new homes.

 In addition, increases in property tax rates by local
 governmental authorities, as experienced in response to reduced
 federal and state funding, can adversely affect the ability of
 potential customers to obtain financing or their desire to
 purchase new homes.

 Governmental
 regulations could increase the cost and limit the availability
 of our development and homebuilding projects and adversely
 affect our business or financial results.

 We are subject to extensive and complex regulations that affect
 land development and home construction, including zoning,
 density restrictions, building design and building standards.
 These regulations often provide broad discretion to the
 administering governmental authorities as to the conditions we
 must meet prior to being approved, if approved at all. We are
 subject to determinations by these authorities as to the
 adequacy of water or sewage facilities, roads or other local
 services. New housing developments may also be subject to
 various assessments for schools, parks, streets and other public
 improvements. In addition, in many markets government
 authorities have implemented no growth or growth control
 initiatives. Any of these can limit, delay or increase the costs
 of development or home construction.

 We are also subject to a variety of local, state and federal
 laws and regulations concerning protection of health, safety and
 the environment. The impact of environmental laws varies
 depending upon the prior uses of the building site or adjoining