You should carefully consider the risks and
uncertainties described below, together with the information included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and other documents we file with the SEC. The risks and uncertainties described below are those that we have identified as material,
but are not the only risks and uncertainties facing us. Our business is also subject to general risks and uncertainties that affect many other companies, such as overall U.S. and non-U.S. economic and industry conditions, a global economic slowdown,
geopolitical events, changes in laws or accounting rules, fluctuations in interest rates, terrorism, international conflicts, major health concerns, natural disasters or other disruptions of expected economic or business conditions. Additional risks
and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial also may impair our business, including our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. 

We face intense competition and if we are unable to compete effectively, we may face decreased demand or price reductions for our products. 

Our businesses operate in industries that are intensely competitive. Because of the diversity of products we sell and the variety of markets we serve, we encounter a
wide variety of competitors. In order to compete effectively, we must retain longstanding relationships with major customers, establish relationships with new customers, continually develop new products and services designed to maintain our
leadership position in various product categories and penetrate new markets. Our failure to compete effectively may reduce our revenues, profitability and cash flow, and pricing pressures may adversely impact our profitability. 

Technologies, product offerings and customer requirements in many of our markets change rapidly. If we fail to keep up with these changes, we may not be able to
meet our customers’ needs and demand for our products may decline. If we pursue technologies that do not become commercially accepted, customers may not buy our products or use our services. 

Rapid technological change and frequent introductions of new products and services characterize many of the markets we serve. Changes in regulations can also impact
demand for new products in our markets. Our failure to successfully embrace and respond to these changes and developments may reduce our revenues and cash flow and adversely affect our profitability. Even if we successfully embrace and respond to
these changes and developments, we may incur substantial costs in doing so, and our profitability may suffer. In addition, if customers do not adopt the technologies that we develop or if those technologies ultimately prove not to be viable, our
revenues, cash flow and profitability may suffer. 

Our acquisition of businesses could negatively impact our profitability and return on invested
capital. Conversely, any inability to consummate acquisitions at our prior rate could negatively impact our growth rate. 

As part of our business
strategy we acquire businesses in the ordinary course, some of which may be material. During 2006 we acquired eleven businesses for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $2.7 billion (including transaction costs and net of cash acquired);
during 2005 we acquired 13 businesses for an aggregate purchase price of approximately $885 million (including transaction costs and net of cash acquired); and during 2004 we acquired 13 businesses for an aggregate purchase price of approximately
$1.6 billion (including transaction costs and net of cash acquired). Our acquisitions involve a number of risks and financial, managerial and operational challenges, including the following, any of which could cause significant operating
inefficiencies and adversely affect our growth and profitability: 

•

 Any acquired business, technology, service or product could under-perform relative to our expectations and the price that we paid for it.

•

 Acquisition-related earnings charges could adversely impact operating results. 

•

 Acquisitions could place unanticipated demands on our management, operational resources and financial and internal control systems. 

•

 We could experience difficulty in integrating personnel, operations and financial and other systems. 

•

 We may be unable to achieve cost savings anticipated in connection with the integration of an acquired business. 

•

 We may assume by acquisition unknown liabilities, known contingent liabilities that become realized, known 

12 

Table of Contents

liabilities that prove greater than anticipated, or internal control deficiencies. The realization of any of these liabilities or deficiencies may increase
our expenses and adversely affect our financial position. 

Conversely, we may not be able to consummate acquisitions at similar rates to
the past, which could adversely impact our growth rate. Our ability to achieve our growth goals depends in part upon our ability to identify and successfully acquire and integrate companies and businesses at appropriate prices and realize
anticipated cost savings. In addition, changes in accounting or regulatory requirements could also adversely impact our ability to consummate acquisitions. 

The indemnification provisions of acquisition agreements by which we have acquired companies may not fully protect us and may result in unexpected liabilities. 

Certain of the acquisition agreements by which we have acquired companies require the former owners to indemnify us against certain liabilities related to the operation of each of their companies before we acquired
it. In most of these agreements, however, the liability of the former owners is limited and certain former owners may not be able to meet their indemnification responsibilities. We cannot assure that these indemnification provisions will fully
protect us, and as a result we may face unexpected liabilities that adversely affect our profitability and financial position. 

The resolution of
contingent liabilities from businesses that we have sold could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We have
retained responsibility for some of the known and unknown contingent liabilities related to a number of businesses we have sold, such as lawsuits, product liability claims and environmental matters, and agreed to indemnify the purchasers of these
businesses for certain known and unknown contingent liabilities. The resolution of these contingencies has not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition but we can not be certain that this favorable pattern
will continue. 

Our success depends on our ability to maintain and protect our intellectual property and avoid claims of infringement or misuse of
third party intellectual property. 

We own numerous patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and licenses to intellectual property owned by
others, which in aggregate are important to our operations. The steps we have taken to maintain and protect our intellectual property may not prevent it from being challenged, invalidated or circumvented. Unauthorized use of our intellectual
property rights could adversely impact our competitive position and results of operations. In addition, from time to time in the usual course of business, we receive notices from third parties regarding intellectual property infringement or
misappropriation. In the event of a successful claim against us, we could lose our rights to needed technology or be required to pay substantial damages or license fees with respect to the infringed rights, any of which could adversely impact our
revenues, profitability and cash flows. Even where we successfully defend against claims of infringement or misappropriation, we may incur significant costs which could adversely affect our profitability and cash flows. 

We are subject to a variety of litigation in the course of our business that could adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

We are subject to a variety of litigation incidental to our business, including claims for damages arising out of the use of our products, claims
relating to intellectual property matters and claims involving employment matters, commercial disputes, environmental matters and acquisition-related matters. Some of these lawsuits include claims for punitive and consequential as well as
compensatory damages. The defense of these lawsuits may divert our management’s attention, we may incur significant expenses in defending these lawsuits, and we may be required to pay damage awards or settlements or become subject to equitable
remedies that could adversely affect our financial condition, operations and results of operations. Moreover, any insurance or indemnification rights that we may have may be insufficient or unavailable to protect us against potential loss exposures.

Our operations expose us to the risk of environmental liabilities, costs, litigation and violations that could adversely affect our financial
condition, results of operations and reputation. 

Certain of our operations are subject to environmental laws and regulations in the jurisdictions
in which they operate, which impose limitations on the discharge of pollutants into the ground, air and water and establish standards for the generation, treatment, use, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. We must also comply with
various health and safety regulations in the U.S. and abroad in connection with our operations. We cannot assure you that we have been or will be at all times in substantial compliance with environmental and health and safety laws. Failure to comply
with any of these laws could result in civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties and damage to our reputation. In addition, we cannot provide assurance that our costs of complying with current or future environmental protection and
health and safety laws will not exceed our estimates or adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 

In addition, we may incur
costs related to remedial efforts or alleged environmental damage associated with past or current waste disposal practices or other hazardous materials handling practices. We are also from time to time party to personal injury or other claims
brought by private parties alleging injury due to the presence of or exposure to hazardous substances. For additional information regarding these risks, please refer to “Item 1. Business – Regulatory Matters.” We cannot assure you
that our liabilities arising from past or future releases of, or exposures to, hazardous substances will not exceed our estimates or adversely affect our 

13 

Table of Contents

financial condition, results of operations and reputation or that we will not be subject to additional claims for personal injury or cleanup in the future
based on our past, present or future business activities. 

Our businesses are subject to extensive governmental regulation; failure to comply with
those regulations could adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and reputation. 

In addition to the environmental
regulations noted above, our businesses are subject to extensive regulation by U.S. and non-U.S. governmental entities at the federal, state and local levels, including the following: 

•

 We are required to comply with various import laws and export control and economic sanctions laws, which may affect our transactions with certain customers,
business partners and other persons, including in certain cases dealings with or between our employees and subsidiaries. In certain circumstances, export control and economic sanctions regulations may prohibit the export of certain products,
services and technologies, and in other circumstances we may be required to obtain an export license before exporting the controlled item. Compliance with the various import laws that apply to our businesses can restrict our access to, and increase
the cost of obtaining, certain products and at times can interrupt our supply of imported inventory. 

•

 Certain of our products are medical devices and other products that are subject to regulation by the FDA, by counterpart agencies of other countries and by
regulations governing the management, storage, handling and disposal of hazardous or radioactive materials. Violations of these regulations, efficacy or safety concerns or trends of adverse events with respect to our products can lead to warning
letters, declining sales, recalls, seizures, injunctions, administrative detentions, refusals to permit importations, suspension or withdrawal of approvals and pre-market notification rescissions. 

•

 We also have agreements relating to the sale of products to government entities and are subject to various statutes and regulations that apply to companies doing
business with the government. Our agreements relating to the sale of products to government entities may be subject to termination, reduction or modification in the event of changes in government requirements, reductions in federal spending and
other factors. We are also subject to investigation and audit for compliance with the requirements governing government contracts, including requirements related to procurement integrity, export control, employment practices, the accuracy of records
and the recording of costs. A failure to comply with these requirements might result in suspension of these contracts and suspension or debarment from government contracting or subcontracting. 

In addition, failure to comply with any of these regulations could result in civil and criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties, disruptions to our business,
limitations on our ability to import and export products and services, and damage to our reputation. 

Our reputation and our ability to do business
may be impaired by improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners. 

We cannot provide assurance that our internal controls
will always protect us from reckless or criminal acts committed by our employees, agents or business partners that would violate U.S. and/or non-U.S. laws, including the laws governing payments to government officials, competition, money laundering
and data privacy. Any such improper actions could subject us to civil or criminal investigations in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions, could lead to substantial civil or criminal, monetary and non-monetary penalties against us or our subsidiaries,
and could damage our reputation. 

Adverse changes in our relationships with, or the financial condition or performance of, key distributors,
resellers and other channel partners could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Certain of our businesses sell a significant amount of
their products to key distributors, resellers and other channel partners that have valuable relationships with customers and end-users. Some of these distributors and other partners also sell our competitors’ products, and if they favor our
competitors’ products for any reason they may fail to market our products effectively. Adverse changes in our relationships with these distributors and other partners, or adverse developments in their financial condition or performance, could
adversely affect our results of operations and cash flows. 

Any inability to hire, train and retain a sufficient number of skilled officers and other
employees could impede our ability to compete successfully. 

If we cannot hire, train and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, we may
not be able to effectively integrate acquired businesses and realize anticipated performance results from those businesses, effectively implement the Danaher Business System throughout our organization and achieve the cost savings and other benefits
that the effective implementation of the Danaher Business System can achieve, and otherwise profitably grow our business. Even if we do hire and retain a sufficient number of employees, the expense necessary to attract and motivate these officers
and employees may adversely affect our results of operations. 

14 

Table of Contents

Cyclical economic conditions have affected and may continue to adversely affect our financial condition and results
of operations. 

Certain of our businesses operate in industries that have historically experienced periodic downturns, which have adversely
impacted demand for the equipment and services that we manufacture and market. Any downturn or competitive pricing pressures in these industries could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations in any given period.

Changes in governmental regulations may reduce demand for our products or increase our expenses. 

We compete in markets in which we or our customers must comply with federal, state, local and foreign regulations, such as environmental, health and safety, and food and
drug regulations. We develop, configure and market our products to meet customer needs created by these regulations. In addition, certain of our customers receive reimbursement from government insurance programs for some of the costs of the products
that they purchase from us. Any significant change in any of these regulations or reimbursement programs could reduce demand for our products or increase our costs of producing these products. 

Foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices may adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

We are exposed to a variety of market risks, including the effects of changes in foreign currency exchange rates and commodity prices. Changes in currency exchange rates
and commodity prices may have an adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

If we cannot obtain sufficient quantities of
materials, components and equipment required for our manufacturing activities at competitive prices and quality and on a timely basis, or if our manufacturing capacity does not meet demand, our business and financial results will suffer.

We purchase materials, components and equipment from third parties for use in our manufacturing operations. If we cannot obtain sufficient
quantities of these items at competitive prices and quality and on a timely basis, we may not be able to produce sufficient quantities of product to satisfy market demand, product shipments may be delayed or our material or manufacturing costs may
increase. For example, although there have been no recent raw materials shortages that have had a material adverse impact on our business, market forces during the past two years have caused significant increases in the costs of steel and
petroleum-based products, and with respect to the past year, non-ferrous metals as well. 

In addition, because we cannot always immediately adapt our cost
structures to changing market conditions, our manufacturing capacity may at times exceed our production requirements or fall short of our production requirements. Any or all of these problems could result in the loss of customers, provide an
opportunity for competing products to gain market acceptance and otherwise adversely affect our business and financial results. 

Work stoppages,
union and works council campaigns, labor disputes and other matters associated with our labor force could adversely impact our results of operations and cause us to incur incremental costs. 

We have a number of domestic collective bargaining units and various non-U.S. collective labor arrangements. While we generally have experienced satisfactory relations
at our various locations, we are subject to potential work stoppages, union and works council campaigns and potential labor disputes, any of which could adversely impact our results of operations and cause us to incur incremental costs. 

International economic, political, legal and business factors could negatively affect our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.

In 2006, approximately 49% of our sales were derived outside the U.S. and we continue to increase our sales outside the U.S. In addition, many of
our manufacturing operations and suppliers are located outside the U.S. Our international business is subject to risks that are customarily encountered in non-U.S. operations and could negatively affect our results of operations, cash flows,
financial condition and overall growth, including: 

•

 interruption in the transportation of materials to us and finished goods to our customers; 

•

 changes in a specific country’s or region’s political or economic conditions; 

•

 trade protection measures; 

•

 import or export licensing requirements; 

•

 unexpected changes in laws or licensing and regulatory requirements; 

•

 difficulty in staffing and managing widespread operations; 

15 

Table of Contents

•

 differing labor regulations; 

•

 differing protection of intellectual property; and 

•

 terrorist activities and the U.S. and international response thereto. 

Audits by tax authorities could result in additional tax payments for prior periods. 

The amount of income
taxes we pay is subject to ongoing audits by U.S. federal, state and local tax authorities and by non-U.S. tax authorities. If these audits result in assessments different from our reserves, our future results may include unfavorable adjustments to
our tax liabilities. 

Our defined benefit pension plans are subject to financial market risks that could adversely affect our operating results.

Our defined benefit pension plan obligations are affected by changes in market interest rates and the majority of plan assets are invested in
publicly traded debt and equity securities, which are affected by market risks. Significant changes in market interest rates, decreases in the fair value of plan assets and investment losses on plan assets may adversely impact our future operating
results.