.

Forward-looking statements

The Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements made by or on behalf of us.  We and our representatives may, from time to time, make written or verbal forward-looking statements.  Generally, the inclusion of the words “believe,” “expect,” “intend,” “estimate,” “anticipate,” “will,” “guidance,” “forecast,” “plan,” “outlook” and similar expressions, in filings with the SEC, in our press releases and in oral statements made by our representatives, identify statements that constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the “Exchange Act”) and are intended to come within the safe harbor protection provided by those sections.  The forward-looking statements are based upon management’s current views and assumptions regarding future events and operating performance, and are applicable only as of the dates of such statements.  We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise.

By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from anticipated results.  Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to:

Risks Relating to Our Business

Advertising revenues

We derive a majority of our revenue from advertising, primarily in connection with our print publications and Web sites.  Our overall performance is largely dependent on the operating performance of The Wall Street Journal (including its international and online editions), which, to a significant extent, is dependent upon business-to-business (“B2B”) advertising attracted by the distinctive demographic profile of The Wall Street Journal audience.

Our advertising revenues are impacted by economic and competitive changes in any of our advertising markets, but particularly in our core B2B market.  We continue to experience depressed levels of B2B advertising, especially in technology and finance, which have typically represented approximately 40% of The Wall Street Journal’s advertising linage.  These categories may or may not return to historical levels.     

Although we have taken initiatives (including color advertising and the launch of the Weekend Edition) to attract more consumer advertising and other diversified advertising, we may or may not be able further to penetrate these new consumer advertising segments.  In particular, The Wall Street Journal’s broad national circulation limits our ability to provide certain local advertising to consumers.  Furthermore, the Weekend Edition may fail to generate anticipated advertising revenues, resulting in greater losses than are currently expected.  In addition, the Weekend Edition may draw advertising away from our other consumer advertising sections, such as the Friday Weekend Journal section of The Wall Street Journal (introduced in 1998) and Personal Journal, for consumer advertising revenues.  

Our ability to attract advertisers to our Web sites depends on our ability to generate traffic to our Web sites.  Advertising revenues from our Web sites may be negatively impacted by fluctuations or decreases in our traffic levels.  In addition, we rely on establishing and maintaining distribution relationships with high-traffic Web sites for a portion of our traffic, for which we pay fees, and we could be adversely affected by any changes in such relationships.

Our local media newspapers rely on advertising revenue from local advertisers.  These revenues may be negatively impacted by the condition of the economy in the areas where our local media newspapers are circulated and by the advertising habits of large regional advertisers who may change their spending patterns or go out of business.

Circulation revenues

Both advertising and circulation revenue are impacted by circulation and readership levels.  The distinctive demographics of The Wall Street Journal's circulation and readership base (in particular, its influential and affluent audience that makes significant B2B spending decisions and spends heavily on consumer items) is an important factor in generating circulation and advertising revenues.  Print circulation and readership at The Wall Street Journal and Local Media publications – and the print publishing industry overall – are subject to competition and in particular are being negatively impacted by the preferences of some consumers to receive all or a portion of their news in new media formats and from sources other than traditional newspapers, and the proliferation of these new media formats and sources.  The risk exists that this trend may continue or that our circulation or readership may be negatively impacted by changes made from time to time by agencies such as the Audit Bureau of Circulations and various syndicated research organizations in the way they measure circulation and readership numbers.  While we seek to maintain our print circulation base, we may not be successful in doing so or may incur significant additional costs in attempting to do so and we may not be able to recover these costs through increased circulation and advertising revenues.  If we cannot maintain our print circulation and readership base, this could, in turn, adversely affect our circulation revenues and advertising revenues by reducing the willingness of advertisers to place print ads with us and/or the rates they are willing to pay.  While at the same time this trend is positively impacting our —and others’ —online businesses, online is relatively smaller than print so the positive impact of this trend may not offset the negative impact on our print profitability.

8

 Subscriptions; Licensing

 Certain of our electronic publishing businesses, including Dow Jones Newswires
 and most Factiva offerings , are subscriber-based and are vulnerable to losses in the number of subscribers.  For example, Dow Jones Newswires could lose subscriptions, measured by the number of terminals carrying Dow Jones Newswires, as a result of business consolidations and layoffs in the financial services industry.  
Factiva’s flagship product, Factiva.com, could lose subscribers due to competitive pressures or the perception that free information on the internet is a satisfactory basis for business decisions.   Similarly, WSJ.com, which currently is the largest paid subscription news site on the Internet, may not be able to continue to increase revenues through growing the number of subscribers.  Unlike WSJ.com, our competitors do not, for the most part, utilize a full online paid subscription model, and most remain free Web sites.  Other of our electronic publishing businesses, including Dow Jones Indexes and
Dow Jones Licensing Services, rely on revenues from licensing our products and content to third-parties.  Licensing revenues depend on new customer contracts and customer contract renewals, and could decrease if we do not generate new licensing business or existing customers renew for lesser amounts, terminate early or forego renewal.  
Our consulting services business could suffer if customers opt to perform the content integration work that we offer with in-house resources, or to forgo customization of our products altogether and work with an off-the-shelf offering.

Seasonality

Our results of operations are subject to seasonal fluctuations, which typically cause revenues in the third quarter (which includes the months of July and August) to be lower than revenues in the remainder of the year.

Cost structure

We have done much cost-cutting over the last several years, but future cost control efforts may not be as successful as anticipated and we may not be able to continue limiting our expense growth.  Factors that may impact our ability to control expense growth in the future include our prior cost cutting, the tightening of the labor market and the resulting risk of loss of key employees, and our recent growth initiatives, such as the Factiva acquisition, the restructuring of the enterprise media segment, the local media segment’s internet initiative, and future growth initiatives.  If we are unable to continue to control expense growth in the future, there may be an adverse effect on our overall profitability.

 Competition

 All of our products and services face intense competition from other newspapers, national business magazines, television, trade publications, newsletters, research reports and services, free and paid Internet sites, other new media and forms of corporate marketing
 other than print or online advertising .  We compete for advertising revenues, subscriptions and consumers, which include readers, online users and television viewers.  Metropolitan general interest newspapers and many small city or suburban papers carry business and financial content, as do many Internet-based services as well as television and radio.  In addition, specialized magazines in the business and financial field, as well as general news magazines, publish substantial amounts of business-related material.  The Wall Street Journal also competes for advertising with non-business publications offering audiences of high demographic quality, such as technology and lifestyle magazines.  Circulation revenues at our
local media newspapers may be negatively
affected by local competition, including free publications.  Nearly all of these other publications and services seek audiences and seek to sell advertising, making them competitive with our publications and services and affecting our ability to attract and retain advertisers and consumers.  We have experienced declines in advertising that we believe are due to advertisers migrating their campaigns online or to other forms of media and marketing that can reach either
larger mass consumer audiences or
smaller but more targeted audiences.

 Our efforts to expand in Europe have been limited by substantial competition from local language publications, other international publications, and local and international television networks, as well as the limited nature of the foreign language market
s that we serve.  In Asia, our presence with our Pan-Asia publications may be threatened by developments within the region such that readers may prefer local language or local market publications.  As the economies of the various individual Asian nations develop over time, we may encounter further difficulties in continuing to appeal to a broader Pan-Asian audience.

 Our Dow Jones
 Newswires’ business and financial news products are distributed
primarily through a limited number of vendors, which distribute our news over their platforms into financial services firms that receive our content by way of subscriptions with these vendors.  Newswires may be adversely affected.
   Moreover, sales of our Dow Jones Newswire products may continue to be negatively impacted by technological changes and changes in the brokerage industry, which have resulted in a diminishing reliance on real time news as business and financial news has become increasingly available via Internet-based publications and services.  In addition, as we strive to increase our international revenues from the Dow Jones Newswires business, we may not succeed given the competition from
, and subscribers’ desire for, local language news services.

Factiva competes with other aggregators of third party business news and information, including LexisNexis, Thomson, OneSource, Hoovers, and others, as well as with the large volume of business news and information that is available for free on the internet.  The Factiva business could be negatively affected by significant investments that its commercial competitors might make in their aggregation products, by dynamics in the publishing market that rendered publishers of newspapers, business journals and other periodicals less willing to license their content for inclusion in the Factiva services (or to demand higher royalties for such licenses), or by an improvement in the quality of the business news and information that is available for free on the internet or in its presentation or accessibility.

 There can be no assurance that we will be able to increase or to maintain the advertising, readership, circulation or subscriptions market share that we currently enjoy.  In addition, changes in the regulatory and technological environment are bringing about a global consolidation of media and telecommunications companies, a proliferation of competitors, and convergence among various forms of media.  As a result, our profitability could face increased pressure from consolidation of our customers, increased competition and new technologies.

9

Our credit ratings

On November 22, 2006, Standard & Poor’s (S&P), a credit ratings agency, downgraded by one notch our senior unsecured debt rating to BBB and indicated that our outlook is stable.  On October 31, 2006, Fitch Ratings (Fitch) downgraded by one notch our senior unsecured debt rating to BBB+ and removed the negative rating watch placed on us on March 14, 2006 due to the litigation settlement with Cantor and MDC.  Concurrently, Fitch affirmed our commercial-paper ratings but put the long-term rating outlook to negative, citing general pressure faced by traditional advertising-based media as well as integration and execution risk associated with various initiatives including the web width reduction, color capacity expansion, outsourcing initiatives and the Factiva acquisition.  In the first quarter of 2006, Moody’s Investors Service (Moody’s) another credit rating agency, lowered our long-term credit rating one notch after the settlement of litigation with Cantor and MDC.

If our credit ratings were reduced below investment-grade, our borrowing costs would increase and our access to the debt markets might be adversely affected.  Our ability to use debt to fund major new acquisitions or capital intensive internal initiatives will be limited to the extent we wish to maintain investment-grade credit ratings for our debt and by the terms of our debt instruments.

Intellectual property 

We rely on a combination of trademarks, trade names, copyrights, and other proprietary rights, as well as contractual arrangements, including licenses, to establish and protect our intellectual property and brand names.  We believe our proprietary trademarks and other intellectual property rights are important to our continued success and our competitive position. 

Dow Jones Indexes licenses, sometimes exclusively, our proprietary indexes and trademarks to exchanges and financial institutions for use as the basis of financial products.  For example, Dow Jones has licensed the Dow Jones Industrial Average index and related trademarks for use as the basis of the DIAMONDS ETF.  Dow Jones had also licensed the Dow Jones Industrial Average index and related trademarks for use as the basis of exchange-traded options on the DIAMONDS ETF, but in June 2006 the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit held that no license is needed to issue or trade options on ETFs.  The Second Circuit expressly limited its decision to derivative products on ETFs, and we no longer license this specific product.  On November 2, 2006, a lawsuit was filed against us in the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York seeking a declaratory judgment that we do not have the right to require anyone seeking to list derivatives based on our proprietary indexes, including the Dow Jones Industrial Average, to obtain a license from us.  If this challenge to the index provider’s intellectual property rights is successful, our ability to license our index-related property for certain uses may be impaired and our revenues related to such licensing activities could be further negatively impacted.

Acquisitions

From time to time, we seek out strategically and financially attractive acquisition opportunities.  Such acquisitions will affect our costs, revenues, profitability and financial position.  Acquisitions involve risks and uncertainties, including, before closing, the risk that the conditions to the acquisition are not met and the acquisition is not consummated, and the possibility that the closing is delayed and the potential adverse effect of such delay on the acquired business and on our business unit into which the acquired business will be integrated; and after closing, difficulties in integrating acquired operations and in realizing expected opportunities, diversions of management resources and loss of key employees, challenges with respect to operating new businesses, debt incurred in financing such acquisitions (including the related possible reduction in our credit ratings and increase in our cost of borrowing), and other unanticipated problems and liabilities.

New business opportunities and strategic alliances

There are substantial uncertainties associated with our efforts to leverage our brands to develop new business opportunities and to generate advertising and other revenues from our products.  Initial timetables for the introduction and development of new products or services may not be achieved and price and profitability targets may not prove feasible.  For example, we may be unable to successfully control expenses relating to Weekend Edition or to enterprise media products and services and may not achieve the gains from advertising revenues that we hope to achieve.  We also face challenges in our attempts to achieve new strategic alliances and to improve the growth and profitability of existing strategic alliances.  For example, we occasionally make non-controlling minority investments in public and private entities.  We may have limited voting rights and, therefore, an inability to influence the direction of such entities.  Therefore, the success of these ventures may be dependent upon the efforts of our partners, fellow investors and licensees.  In addition, external factors, such as the development of competitive alternatives and market response, may negatively impact the success of these new opportunities and alliances.

Labor relations

Approximately 32% of our domestic full-time employees are unionized.  As a result, we are required to negotiate the wages, salaries, benefits, staffing levels and other terms with many of our employees collectively.  Our results could be adversely affected if labor negotiations cause work interruptions or if we are unable to negotiate agreements on reasonable terms.  In addition, our ability to make short-term adjustments to control fringe benefit costs is limited by the terms of our collective bargaining agreements in which benefits are fixed.

10

Newsprint prices

Newsprint is our single most important raw material and represented approximately 8% of our total operating expenses in each of the last three years.  The price of newsprint has historically been volatile.  Consolidation in the North American newsprint industry has reduced the number of suppliers.  This has led to paper mill closures and conversions to other grades of paper, which, in turn, have decreased overall newsprint capacity, resulted in price increases and increased the likelihood of more price increases in the future.  Our operating results could be adversely affected if newsprint prices increase significantly.

World events 

Our results of operations are affected in various ways by events beyond our control, such as wars, political unrest, natural disasters and acts of terrorism which may occur in the future and could have a material adverse effect on our operating results.