” and “
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

.”

Competition

We operate in the value retail sector, which is currently and in the future expected to continue to be highly competitive with respect to price, store location, merchandise quality, product assortment and presentation, shopping experience, and customer service, including merchandise delivery and checkout options. Our competitors include dollar stores, mass merchandisers, warehouse clubs, online retailers, discount retailers, drug stores, convenience stores, independently-operated discount stores, grocery stores and a wide variety of other retailers. We believe we differentiate ourselves from other retailers by providing high-value, high-quality, low-cost merchandise in attractively-designed stores that are conveniently located.

Government Regulation

We are subject to a wide variety of local, state and federal laws and regulations within the United States and Canada. These laws and regulations relate to, among other things, the operation of our facilities and the sale of products, including without limitation product and food safety, marketing, labeling or pricing; information security and privacy; artificial intelligence; labor and employment; employee wages and benefits; health and workplace safety (including Occupational Safety and Health Administration rules); antitrust and fair competition; imports and customs; tariff and trade; taxes; bribery; climate change; environmental compliance; financial reporting and disclosure; licensing; and intellectual property. We routinely incur significant compliance-related costs, both direct and indirect, with respect to these laws and regulations which may have a material effect on our capital expenditures, earnings or competitive position. For more information, see “
Item 1A. Risk Factors

.”

Intellectual Property

We are the owners of several trademarks including “Dollar Tree,” the “Dollar Tree” logo, and other names and designs of certain merchandise sold in our stores. Our trademarks are generally valid and may be renewed indefinitely as long as they are in use and/or their registrations are properly maintained.

8

Table of Contents

Our People

Our associate engagement, customer satisfaction, and overall business success are built upon our dedicated associates who work and live in the communities we serve. Our goal is to provide a work environment that is welcoming and inclusive, offers competitive pay and benefits, supports growth and development, and affirms our corporate values. We recruit and hire in the communities we serve using associate referrals, local job fairs and social media as well as local community service partners to provide part-time and full-time jobs that can become lasting careers. Our People team (Human Resources), with oversight from our Board of Directors and its committees, develops and executes programs for compensation and benefits, onboarding and training, professional and leadership development, performance management, recognition and succession planning.

We show care for our people by investing in their personal well-being and professional growth through a variety of people programs and initiatives, including:

•
Compensation, benefits and well-being.
 We are committed to providing market-competitive pay for all positions, and we are a pay-for-performance organization, offering performance-based compensation opportunities at nearly all levels of the organization, including certain hourly-paid positions. We strive to ensure gender and racial pay equity for associates performing equal or substantially similar work. Eligible associates can participate in our Retirement Savings Plan, which provides a dollar-for-dollar match on the first 5% of associate contributions, and all associates can participate in our Employee Stock Purchase Plan. All full-time and part-time associates are eligible for health and welfare benefits, including medical, dental and vision. Associates may be eligible for other benefits including healthcare navigation and advocacy support, educational assistance, disability and life insurance as well as paid maternity and parental leave. Financial support to associates recovering from natural disasters and personal hardships as well as a scholarship program for associates with children pursuing higher education are also available. Associates are offered the flexibility to advance their payday earnings to meet their personal bills and expenses.

•
Talent development and retention.
 We believe in the growth and development of our associates and are committed to building a culture of learning that gives associates the opportunity to enhance their skills at every stage of their career. To support this objective, we provide a multitude of professional and leadership development experiences, including online and instructor-led trainings, tuition reimbursement for graduate, undergraduate, General Educational Development (“GED”) and English as a Second Language classes, and discounted tuition at hundreds of colleges and universities for our associates and their families. Retention of our associates is a focus for all leaders and we continuously aim to improve our turnover rate. To identify high-potential individuals, leadership assesses talent at the store manager level and above on a regular basis through structured talent reviews and succession planning paired with customized development plans. In fiscal 2025, we deepened our Dollar Tree leadership culture by defining our Leadership Framework which sets clear expectations of leadership at every level and provides a common language for how we will lead with purpose and stay rooted in our shared values. We also expanded leadership academy offerings to not only our field district managers but to our supply chain, field and Store Support Center directors. Additionally, we launched formal high potential director and vice president leadership development programs to build our internal talent pipeline to support our future growth. 

•
Culture and belonging. 
Our goal is to foster a culture of inclusion and belonging in which each associate feels respected, supported, and able to contribute. We recognize that our associates, customers, and the communities we serve are diverse, and we seek to create an environment that values and appreciates different skills, experiences, and perspectives. We support this goal through associate training focused on workplace respect, collaboration, and inclusive engagement, as well as through associate resource groups (“ARGs”) open to all associates that encourage professional development, mentoring, community involvement, cross-functional collaboration, and customer engagement. These efforts are designed to strengthen connections among our associates, our customers, and the communities in which we operate, consistent with our business objectives and applicable laws. 

•
Workplace safety. 
Safety is a foundational part of our culture, embedded in all aspects of how we run our business. Our Asset Protection department, and teams dedicated to Environmental, Health and Safety and Workplace Violence Prevention, operate with a commitment to “Safety First, Safety Always,” with the shared understanding that a safe working environment is the responsibility of every associate. Through training and technology, we are able to implement measures that protect our associates and customers, and leverage predictive analytics to proactively identify and support stores in need of safety assistance. Furthermore, preventing incidents of workplace violence is a critical aspect of our safety program. Our comprehensive workplace violence prevention efforts focus on five foundational areas of training; investigation; response; prevention and community outreach.

9

Table of Contents

•
Communication and engagement. 
We believe that our associates are the most critical part of our business, and supporting an engaging culture where people can do their best work is a top priority for our leaders. In recent years we have added new channels to foster two-way dialogue and ensure we are listening to our associates and acting on their feedback. A comprehensive strategic communication plan has been put in place to ensure our associates across the organization hear directly from our executive leaders on a regular basis to remain aligned with key priorities. Our annual associate engagement survey and semiannual pulse survey assess and highlight areas of focus that are important to our people, providing managers with quantitative and qualitative feedback directly from their teams. Our robust associate engagement survey process includes action planning to have meaningful impact on our continued cultural evolution. In addition, associates are encouraged to use our ethics hotline, known as Integrity Matters, to report concerns that they may have. Integrity Matters is a confidential reporting tool managed by an independent third party.

The number of associates we employed as of January 31, 2026 is as follows: 

Store and Distribution Center Associates

Store Support Center Associates

Total

Full-time Associates

33,755 

1,426 

35,181 

Part-time Associates

117,851 

— 

117,851 

Total

151,606 

1,426 

153,032 

Part-time associates work an average of less than 30 hours per week, and the number of part-time associates fluctuates depending on seasonal needs. 

We consider our relationship with our associates to be good, and have not experienced significant interruptions of operations due to labor disagreements.

Available Information

Our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 are available free of charge on our website at www.dollartree.com as soon as reasonably practicable after electronic filing of such reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).

Item 1A. Risk Factors

An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk. Any failure to meet market expectations, including our comparable store net sales growth rate, earnings and earnings per share or new store openings, could cause the market price of our stock to decline. You should carefully consider the specific risk factors listed below together with all other information included or incorporated in this report and other filings that we make from time to time with the SEC, including our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. However, the risks and uncertainties that we face are not limited to those described below and those set forth in our SEC filings. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may also arise. In such event, our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected.

Profitability and Operational Risks

Our profitability is vulnerable to cost pressures from increases in merchandise, shipping, freight and fuel, wages, benefits and other operating costs.

Future increases in costs such as the cost of merchandise, wage and benefit costs, ocean shipping rates, domestic freight costs, fuel and energy costs, tariffs and other trade-related measures, and store occupancy costs, whether due to inflation and economic conditions, government action, geopolitical tensions, or otherwise, would reduce our profitability. For example, we recently have experienced, and could continue to experience, increased merchandise costs associated with the tariff environment and related mitigation efforts. In addition, we have experienced increases in wage rates and labor costs, distribution costs, and unfavorable development in self-insured general liability claims in prior years, and we expect further increases in certain cost categories in fiscal 2026. In addition to pressures from a tight labor market, we recently have experienced increased labor costs in connection with our multi-price rollout. We also have incurred additional costs as a result of recent minimum wage increases by certain states and localities, and we expect additional minimum wage increases by states and localities in fiscal 2026.

We continue to expand and refine our multi-price assortment to deliver a broader, more relevant offering while preserving our foundational value proposition. Although our multi-price assortment has grown, the majority of our products are priced at $1.25, and 85% of products in the average Dollar Tree store are currently priced at $2.00 or less, and we generally have fewer price bands for our goods than other retailers. Accordingly, we may not be able to adjust our prices to effectively offset cost increases while providing 

10

Table of Contents

expected value. Further, raising the price points of merchandise could cause customers to buy fewer products and affect our competitive position with other retailers. 

Our ability to re-negotiate supplier terms, re-engineer products for efficiency, shift country of origin where it adds advantage or discontinue lower-margin or underperforming items, in addition to targeted retail price changes, in order to address a volatile cost environment is critical to maintaining our profitability levels. We can give no assurance that we will be able to successfully mitigate cost pressures, maintain our profitability and competitiveness and provide our customers with desirable merchandise and value that they expect in the future. 

Risks associated with merchandise supply could adversely affect our financial performance.

We are dependent on our vendors, including direct ship vendors, to supply suitable merchandise in a timely and efficient manner at favorable costs. If a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments due to financial or other difficulties, or if we are unable to source an expanded assortment of appropriate product to meet our merchandising strategies, we could experience merchandise shortages which could lead to lost sales or increased merchandise costs if alternative sources must be used.

We rely on the timely availability of imported goods at favorable wholesale prices. Merchandise imported directly typically accounts for approximately 40% of total retail value purchases. In addition, we believe that a significant portion of our goods purchased from domestic vendors is imported. Imported goods are generally less expensive than domestic goods and result in higher profit margins. Any increase in the cost of our imported merchandise or a disruption in the flow of those goods for any reason could have an adverse impact on our operations and significantly decrease our profits. Disruptions or cost increases may result from factors such as:

•
duties, tariffs or other measures that create barriers or restrictions on trade, including anti-dumping or countervailing duty orders or other trade-related sanctions and any retaliatory counter measures;

•
raw material shortages, work stoppages, government restrictions, strikes and political unrest, including any impact on vendors or shipping arising from epidemics;

•
economic conditions in the United States or abroad;

•
geopolitical tensions, international disputes or conflicts, military confrontation, blockade, war, economic sanctions, piracy, acts of terrorism or other factors affecting international shipping traffic; 

•
changes in currency exchange rates or government policies and local economic conditions, including inflation (including energy prices and raw material costs) in the country of origin;

•
potential changes to international trade agreements or the United States’ trade policies or trade relations with other countries from which we source merchandise; and

•
changes in leadership and the political climate in countries from which we import products and their relations with the United States.

Among our foreign suppliers, China is the source of the majority of our direct imports. In early 2025, the United States imposed a new tariff and trade policy, announcing significant additional tariffs on a wide variety of products originating from countries worldwide, including China, and other countries from which we import goods. Subsequently, there have been various updates and revisions to these tariffs and the United States’ tariff policy, with some tariffs delayed or temporarily paused as country-specific agreements have been negotiated with certain countries. On February 20, 2026, the Supreme Court ruled that certain of the tariffs imposed under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (“IEEPA”) were unlawful. Following the Supreme Court’s decision, the United States imposed new, temporary tariffs on imports from all countries under Section 122 of the Trade Act of 1974 and could take action to invoke other laws to collect tariffs. While the company has taken action to preserve its rights, there remains substantial uncertainty regarding the impacts of this decision on the availability, timing, and amount of potential refunds, if any, for the invalidated tariffs, the scope and duration of newly announced tariffs, and the possibility of further additional or modified tariffs or retaliatory actions.

The imposition of tariffs on imported merchandise or other actions against China or other countries from which we import goods, and any retaliatory actions or other responses by such countries, could negatively impact product availability or impair our ability to meet customer demand and could result in lost sales, an increase in our cost of merchandise or other adverse impacts on our operations, unless we are able to successfully offset or mitigate these impacts. We have actively implemented mitigation strategies to offset the impact of tariffs and other cost pressures by re-negotiating supplier terms, re-engineering products for efficiency, shifting country of origin where it adds advantage, discontinuing lower-margin or underperforming items and executing targeted retail price changes. We experienced increased costs during fiscal 2025 related to the implementation of these mitigation strategies, including significant labor and other discrete costs related to price changes, and our results could continue to be negatively impacted by tariffs 

11

Table of Contents

and related measures in the future. We expect tariff volatility to persist in the near-term, and implementation costs associated with our mitigation strategies may continue to be experienced before the benefits from those efforts are expected to materialize. Further, there is no guarantee that we will be able to successfully mitigate the impact of tariffs through one or more of the foregoing strategies or that our customers will respond favorably to the implementation of these strategies. The competitiveness of our products could be reduced if our competitors are able to react quickly to changes in the tariff environment to increase the relative value of their products or are otherwise able to offset the impact of tariffs. 

These direct and indirect impacts and the collective interaction of tariffs and other related measures, our mitigation strategies and those of our competitors, our customers’ response and consumer behavior generally, and other factors, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

In addition, the U.S. Department of Commerce recently has conducted investigations of anti-dumping and countervailing duties with respect to various goods we import from foreign countries. For example, based on determinations by the Department of Commerce and International Trade Commission, we accrued $25.0 million related to additional duties on paper plates imported during fiscal 2024. Any additional duties related to these or other goods that we import, including any imposed on a retroactive basis, could increase the cost of our imported merchandise and adversely impact our operations and profit margins. Please see “Our profitability is vulnerable to cost pressures from increases in merchandise, shipping, freight and fuel costs, wage and benefit and other operating costs” and 
Note 5

 to our consolidated financial statements under the caption “Contingencies” for further discussion of the effect of costs on our operations.

Higher costs and disruptions in our supply chain could have an adverse impact on our sales and profitability.

Our success is dependent on our ability to import or transport merchandise to our distribution centers and deliver merchandise to our stores in a safe, timely and cost-effective manner. We are executing on a number of initiatives to modernize our distribution network, expand distribution center capacity, enhance warehouse management systems, and improve transportation systems. These initiatives are expected to increase our costs in the short term. In addition to our internal distribution network, we also rely heavily on third parties including ocean carriers and truckers. Some of the factors that have had and could have an adverse effect on our distribution network or costs are:

•
Efficient operations and management
. Distribution centers and other aspects of our distribution network are complex and difficult to operate efficiently. If we fail to execute properly, we may not be able to deliver merchandise at the quality and in the quantities and at the times demanded to successfully meet our customers’ demand.

•
Distribution center capacity
. To support our growth initiatives, we are working to expand our distribution center capacity, including to replace that lost following the 2024 tornado that destroyed our Marietta, Oklahoma distribution center. In 2025, we purchased a distribution center outside of Phoenix, Arizona that we plan to open in 2026 and broke ground on a new distribution center in Marietta, Oklahoma that is expected to be fully operational by 2027. To the extent that we are unable to, or experience delays in, opening new distribution centers or otherwise expanding our capacity, our product availability, product mix, overall sales, and merchandise margins could be impacted. 

•
Shipping costs.
 While we experienced lower domestic and import freight costs in fiscal 2025, we expect those costs to increase in the future. We could experience increased freight costs due to shifts in country of origin to mitigate tariff impacts and increased spot market usage. Ocean shipping and other freight costs could increase because of the macroeconomic environment, armed conflicts and other geopolitical tensions, or other shocks or disruptions in the global supply chain. As freight contracts terminate or renew, our costs or benefits may lag changes in market rates based on the timing of freight contract terms. A significant increase in our freight costs could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. 

•
Trucking and fuel costs
. We have experienced in recent years, and could continue to experience, difficulties in sourcing adequate truck drivers, which could increase our costs or require us to increase our use of more expensive surge carriers to transport our merchandise. In addition, we could experience increased costs related to fuel prices due to ongoing conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine and other geopolitical tensions. 

•
Shipping disruptions
. We have experienced disruptions in the global supply chain, including issues with shipping capacity and port congestion, and could experience disruptions because of geopolitical tensions and other international events such as armed conflict, war, economic sanctions, cyberattacks, piracy or acts of terrorism. Tensions in the Persian Gulf and Red Sea and traffic restrictions through the Panama Canal caused global supply chain disruptions in recent years and may continue, which, along with ongoing conflicts in the Middle East, could increase ocean shipping costs, transit times and port congestion. Our receipt of imported merchandise has been and may in the future be disrupted or delayed because of these or other factors. Delays could potentially have a material adverse impact on future product availability, product mix, overall sales, and merchandise margins.

12

Table of Contents

•
Labor disagreement
. Labor disagreements, disruptions or strikes, including at ports, rail networks, transportation companies, or other parts of our distribution network may result in lost sales due to shipping delays or disruptions in the delivery of merchandise to our distribution centers or stores and increase our costs.

•
Vulnerability to natural or man-made disasters, including climate change
. A fire, explosion or natural disaster at a port or any of our distribution or store support facilities could result in a loss of merchandise and increased costs and impair our ability to adequately stock our stores. Some of our facilities are in areas that are vulnerable to earthquakes, hurricanes, tornadoes or floods, such as the tornado that destroyed our Marietta, Oklahoma distribution center in 2024 and resulted in the loss of inventory and the facility itself as well as additional distribution and storage costs. In addition, the potential long-term impacts of a changing climate may be widespread and unpredictable and present the possibility of physical risks (such as extreme weather conditions or rising sea levels) and transition risks (such as regulatory changes and reputational considerations). For example, an increase in the severity and frequency of extreme weather events and patterns may increase our operating costs, disrupt manufacturing or our supply chain, change customer buying patterns, result in closures of our stores or distribution and store support centers and impede physical access to our stores. 

•
Direct-to-store deliveries
. We rely on a limited number of suppliers for certain consumable merchandise, including frozen and refrigerated products. To the extent that supply chain disruptions and higher costs affect our suppliers, we may be subject to delays or reductions in deliveries and higher costs for merchandise.

Our growth is dependent on our ability to increase sales in existing stores.

Our strategic plan includes improvements in store productivity through initiatives to improve store standards and operational consistency, refresh and renovation programs, shelf productivity optimization, and elevated store execution and cleanliness. Our ability to drive traffic and increase sales in our existing stores is critical to our success and is dependent on a variety of factors, including merchandise quality, assortment, price, relevance and availability, marketing efforts, store operations and customer satisfaction. In addition, increased competition could adversely affect our sales. If our initiatives to improve store productivity are unsuccessful, our customers do not respond favorably to these initiatives, or we otherwise are unable to grow our sales or productivity in line with our expectations, our margins and profitability would be adversely affected.

Our growth is dependent on our ability to expand our square footage profitably.

Expanding our square footage profitably depends on a number of uncertainties, including our ability to locate, lease, build out and open or expand stores in suitable locations on a timely basis under favorable economic terms. We also open or expand stores within our established geographic markets, where new or expanded stores may draw sales away from our existing stores. Obtaining an increasing number of profitable stores is an ever-increasing challenge. In certain cases, we have obtained substantial numbers of leases from other retailers, either by assumption in bankruptcy or by sublease of their closed stores, which may subject us to risks relating to their creditworthiness, such as to the original landlords.

In addition, our expansion is dependent upon the company and its third-party developers’ abilities to acquire land, obtain financing, and secure necessary permits and approvals. We have experienced higher construction, rent, commodity and other costs associated with the build-out of new stores and the renovation of existing stores. We have also experienced delays in new store openings and the renovation of existing stores due to inspection, permitting and contractor delays and limitations on the availability of certain fixtures and equipment. We anticipate these increased costs and delays may continue for the foreseeable future, which could adversely affect our sales and profitability. Further, we may not manage our expansion effectively, and our failure to achieve our expansion plans could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Our sales and profitability are affected by our product assortment and customer response to the mix of products we sell.

Our success depends on our ability to select and obtain sufficient quantities of relevant merchandise at prices that allow us to sell such merchandise at profitable and appropriate prices, and to market such merchandise effectively to customers. We continue to expand and refine our multi-price assortment to deliver a broader, more relevant offering while preserving our foundational value proposition. However, if our value proposition does not meet customer expectations or we do not provide a selection of merchandise that is attractive to our customers, our products will be less desirable to our customers and our traffic and sales could suffer. Further, our failure to drive brand clarity and loyalty around our expanded product assortment could negatively affect our customer’s perception of our value proposition or harm our reputation. In addition, the success of our business depends in part on our ability to anticipate, identify and respond promptly to evolving trends in consumer preferences. If we are unable to accurately predict the products that our customers will demand, implement competitive and effective pricing and marketing strategies, or timely and appropriately respond to changing demographics, consumer needs, preferences or spending patterns, then the demand for our products (including our higher-margin discretionary merchandise), our market share and our results of operations could be adversely affected.

13

Table of Contents

In addition, our product mix is affected by the supply of goods and could be negatively impacted by various factors, including those described under “Risks associated with merchandise supply could adversely affect our financial performance” and “Higher costs and disruptions in our supply chain could have an adverse impact on our sales and profitability” within this “Item 1A. Risk Factors.”

Changes in economic conditions or consumer spending habits could impact our sales or profitability.

A deterioration in economic conditions could reduce consumer spending or cause customers to shift their spending to products we either do not sell or do not sell as profitably. Adverse economic conditions such as a recession could disrupt consumer spending and significantly reduce our sales, decrease our inventory turnover, cause greater markdowns, or reduce our profitability due to lower margins. Other factors that could result in or exacerbate adverse economic conditions include inflation, higher unemployment, mortgage and interest rates, consumer debt levels, trade disputes, as well as adverse climate or weather conditions, worsening or new epidemics, terrorism, or international tensions, including armed conflict and economic sanctions. We believe that these macroeconomic factors, including inflationary pressures and higher interest rates, negatively affect our customers and impact our sales.

Furthermore, factors that could adversely affect consumer disposable income could decrease our customers’ spending on products we sell most profitably. Over the past several years, we have experienced a shift in consumer purchasing from higher-margin discretionary merchandise to lower-margin consumable goods. Factors that could reduce our customers’ disposable income and over which we exercise no influence include inflation in food, housing, fuel or other energy costs, increased unemployment, increases in mortgage and interest rates, lack of available credit, higher tax rates and other changes in tax laws, increasing healthcare costs, and changes in government subsidies such as unemployment and food assistance programs, including the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (“SNAP”). If consumer spending on the goods we sell declines as a result, there could be a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations.

Many of the factors identified above that affect disposable income, as well as our cost of goods sold and our selling, general and administrative expenses, also affect our ability to implement our corporate strategy effectively and may have other adverse consequences which we are unable to fully anticipate or control, all of which may adversely affect our sales or profitability. We have limited or no ability to control many of these factors.

We face significant pressure from competitors which may reduce our sales and profits.

The retail industry is highly competitive with respect to price, customers, store locations, merchandise quality, product assortment, service offerings, customer service, shopping experience, product sourcing, labor, and market share. The marketplace is highly fragmented as many different retailers compete for market share by utilizing a variety of sales channels, store formats and merchandising strategies, including mobile and online shopping. Our ability to successfully differentiate ourselves depends on many competitive factors, including customer perceptions regarding our shopping experience, the safety and cleanliness of our stores, our ability to offer attractive products at affordable prices, and our in-stock levels. Further, to remain competitive, we may be required to change our product offerings or lower our prices, but our ability to do so may be limited or delayed with the result that we could see lower traffic or sales or reduced profitability. 

We expect competition to increase in the future. There are no significant economic barriers for others to enter our retail sector. We compete with discount stores and many other retailers, including mass merchandise, warehouse club, grocery, drug, convenience, variety, online retailers, and certain specialty stores. Some of our current or potential competitors have greater financial, distribution, marketing and other resources than we do. In addition, the substantial growth in e-commerce and expanded availability of mobile, web-based and other digital technologies has encouraged the entry of many new competitors, new business models, and an increase in competition from established companies looking for ways to create convenient and competitive online or mobile shopping alternatives. While we have partnered with online personal shopping providers like Instacart and UberEats, some of our current and potential competitors have more significant online and mobile shopping platforms or other advances in technologies and capabilities (including artificial intelligence) than we currently do. We cannot guarantee that we will continue to be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors, and we believe that doing so may require substantial capital expenditures, for example in technology. Our ability to effectively compete will depend upon our ability to successfully develop and execute on our strategic initiatives and to anticipate or respond effectively to competitive pressures, industry changes that may include mergers and acquisitions, technological advancements and changing customer preferences and shopping habits. If we fail to do so, it could adversely affect our operating results and financial condition. Please see “
Item 1. Business

” for further discussion of the effect of competition on our operations.

Our business is seasonal, and adverse events during the fourth quarter could materially affect our full-year financial results.

Our highest sales periods are during the Christmas and Easter seasons, and we generally realize a disproportionate amount of our net sales and our operating and net income during the fourth quarter. In anticipation, we stock extra inventory and hire many temporary employees to prepare our stores and help ship product from our distribution centers. Lead times for seasonal product purchases are longer and could result in inventory markdowns if sales do not meet expectations. Adverse events such as inclement 

14

Table of Contents

weather or unfavorable economic conditions during the fourth quarter could cause a reduction in sales during these periods, which in turn could adversely affect our operating results, particularly operating and net income, to a greater extent than if a reduction occurred at other times of the year. Untimely merchandise delays due to receiving or distribution problems could have a similar effect. When Easter is observed earlier in the year, the selling season is shorter and, as a result, our sales could be adversely affected. Easter was observed on April 20, 2025, and will be observed on April 5, 2026.

Failure to protect our inventory or other assets from loss and theft may impact our financial results.

Risk of loss or theft of assets, including inventory shrinkage, is inherent in the retail business and has recently reached historically high rates. We have incurred increased costs, and could continue to incur increased costs, as we make investments in technology and personnel in an attempt to mitigate these risks. Despite our efforts, loss may be caused by error or misconduct of associates, customers, vendors or other third parties including through organized retail crime and professional theft, and may be further impacted by macroeconomic factors, including the enforcement environment, or may be the result of damage or destruction of our inventory by natural disasters. We have experienced charges in the past, and our inability to cost-effectively prevent and/or minimize the loss or theft of assets, or to accurately predict and accrue for the impact of those losses, could adversely affect our operating results.

We may stop selling or recall certain products for safety-related or other issues.

We may stop selling or recall certain products, including our private label brands and imported products, for safety-related or other issues, including product contamination, product content, improper manufacturing or distribution processes, improper testing, product mislabeling or product tampering. We may also stop selling or recall products if the products, the operations of our suppliers, or our operations violate applicable laws or regulations, including food, drug and cosmetic safety laws, or raise potential health and safety-related issues, including improper storage, product mishandling, contamination or other adulteration, or when products or their contents could cause injury, illness or death. Any recall may require significant management attention, and we could experience significant costs, lost sales, compliance or enforcement actions by governmental authorities which could result in fines or other penalties, and/or product liability legal claims and consumer lawsuits. Recalls may also subject us to public claims of false or deceptive advertising and other criticism. A significant product liability or other legal judgment against us, a regulatory enforcement action or a product recall could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and/or results of operations. Additionally, any product recall may lead to increased scrutiny of our operations by regulatory agencies, requiring further management attention and potential legal fees and other expenses.

We could experience a decline in consumer confidence and spending because of concerns about the quality and safety of our products or our brand standards.

We could experience a decline in consumer confidence and spending if our customers become concerned about the quality and safety of the products we sell. Our privately sourced and control brand items are an important component of our product mix and our sales and profitability growth plans. Broad market acceptance of our private brands depends on many factors, including pricing, quality, customer perception, and timely development and introduction of new products. The sale and expansion of these offerings also subjects us to or increases certain risks, such as: product liability claims and product recalls; disruptions in raw material and finished product supply and distribution chains; supplier labor and human rights issues, and other risks generally encountered by entities that source, sell and market exclusive branded offerings for retail. Failure to appropriately address these risks could materially and adversely affect our private brand initiatives, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.

We have risks related to the security of our facilities including risks of personal injury to customers or associates.

We operate stores and other facilities in locations subject to a risk for crimes of break-ins, theft, property damage, and interpersonal violence, which may include an active shooter or mass casualty/damage event. While we have instituted programs aimed at reducing these risks, particularly of workplace violence, no security or safety program is 100% effective, and there is a risk that they will not prevent the occurrences of such crimes or related harms. Any such incidents of violence could have a negative effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, associate relations or customer reputation.

Our business could be adversely affected if we fail to manage our organizational talent and capacity, including attracting and retaining qualified associates and key personnel.

Our growth and performance are dependent on the skills, experience and contributions of our associates, executives and key personnel. At our stores and distribution centers, we must recruit, develop, train, and retain qualified associates in relatively large numbers, while also working to decrease turnover in these positions. Our ability to meet labor needs while controlling costs is subject to many external factors, including competition for and availability of qualified personnel, unemployment levels, wage rates and salary levels (including the heightened possibility of increased federal, state and/or local minimum wage rates/salary levels), health and other insurance costs, changes in employment and labor laws or other workplace regulations (including those relating to employee benefit programs such as health insurance and paid leave programs), labor activism, associate safety issues, associate expectations and productivity, and our reputation and relevance within the labor market. If we are unable to attract, develop and retain adequate 

15

Table of Contents

numbers of qualified associates, our operations, customer service levels, legal and regulatory compliance, and support functions could suffer. Further, our stores are typically staffed with relatively few associates, which increases our exposure to the foregoing risks. In addition, to the extent a significant portion of our associate base unionizes, or attempts to unionize, our labor and other related costs could increase. The potential financial impact of union organization is further compounded by the possibility of federal agencies adopting or imposing changes to existing labor law that could facilitate union organizing. We currently do not have any employees represented by unions. Our ability to pass along labor and other related costs to our customers is constrained by our pricing model, and we may not be able to offset such increased costs elsewhere in our business.

Successful execution of our plans and strategies also depends on the efforts of key management personnel. The labor market for these executives and other key personnel is nationwide in scope and intensely competitive. The loss of such personnel, or the inability to hire, train, motivate and retain them, or to manage changes to our organizational structure and capacity, could, at least temporarily, have an adverse effect on the company’s operating results and financial condition. In addition, failure to develop an adequate succession plan for senior positions could reduce our organizational capabilities and competitive advantage during a transition. We recently have experienced turnover in senior positions, which, in addition to organizational changes related to our sale of the Family Dollar business, can disrupt progress in implementing business strategies, result in a loss of institutional knowledge, cause greater workload demands for remaining team members and divert attention away from key areas of the business, or otherwise negatively impact the company’s growth prospects or future operating results.

We rely on third parties in many aspects of our business, which creates additional risk.

Due to the scale and scope of our business, we must rely on relationships with third parties, including our suppliers, distributors, landlords, contractors, and external business partners. If we are unable to effectively manage our third-party relationships and the agreements under which our third-party partners operate, our results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted. Further, failure of these third parties to meet their obligations to the company or substantial disruptions in the relationships between the company and these third parties could adversely impact our operations and financial results. Additionally, while we have policies and procedures for managing these relationships, they inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, governance and compliance, thereby potentially increasing our financial, legal, reputational and operational risk.

Risks Relating to Our Strategic Initiatives 

We may not be successful in executing important strategic initiatives, which may have an adverse impact on our business and financial results.

We continue to execute on a number of strategic initiatives to accelerate profitable growth for Dollar Tree as a standalone banner following the sale of Family Dollar. During 2025, we outlined our strategic plan designed to reinforce our core brand promise—value, convenience, and discovery—while improving operating leverage and returns over time. Those initiatives include, among others:

•
Expanding and refining our multi-price assortment to deliver a broader, more relevant offering while preserving the foundational value proposition of Dollar Tree;

•
Managing costs with agility, including our strategies to mitigate tariffs and inflationary pressures, manage operating expenses, and reduce corporate SG&A as a percentage of sales;

•
Continuing new store growth, as well as improving store standards and operational consistency through refresh and renovation programs, shelf productivity optimization, and initiatives to elevate store execution and cleanliness;

•
Expanding and modernizing our distribution network, enhancing warehouse management systems, and improving our transportation systems; and

•
Modernizing our technology platform, replacing legacy systems, and enhancing our mobile app, human capital management systems, supply chain platforms, and data analytics capabilities. 

We may not be successful in executing or achieving the anticipated benefits of these important strategic initiatives, which may not result in the desired growth or impacts on our traffic and basket size, sales, operating leverage, costs, profitability or other results. The implementation, timing and results of these complex strategic initiatives are subject to various risks and uncertainties, which may require that we make significant estimates and assumptions in our planning. The success of these initiatives depends, among other things, on our ability to execute and scale these initiatives consistently across a large, geographically diverse store and distribution footprint and, ultimately, customer receptiveness and acceptance. If our initiatives, including our expanded multi-price offerings, do not appeal to our customers, or if we are unable to consistently meet our brand execution promises in a cost-effective manner, we may experience a loss of customer confidence or lost sales, which could adversely affect our reputation and results of operations.

These initiatives also place significant demands on our accounting, financial, information technology, and other systems, and on our business overall. We are dependent on our management’s ability to oversee these initiatives effectively and implement them 

16

Table of Contents

successfully. If our estimates and assumptions about our initiatives are incorrect, or if we miscalculate or misalign the resources or time we need to complete them or fail to execute on them effectively, our pursuit of these initiatives may increase our costs and reduce our margins and profitability. 

To be effective, our strategies have and will continue to require significant investment in cross-functional operations and management focus, along with supporting investments. Our strategies include managing operating expenses and reducing corporate SG&A as a percentage of sales, while also implementing other initiatives to invest in our business. We may incur implementation or other costs associated with these initiatives before the benefits from those efforts can materialize. If we are unable to attract and retain employees or contract with third parties having the specialized skills needed to support our efforts, or implement our strategic initiatives and improvements to systems in a timely and cost-effective manner, our ability to compete and our results of operations could be adversely affected. 

A failure to properly execute our plans and business strategies, delays in executing our plans and business strategies, increased costs associated with executing on our plans and business strategies, or failure to identify alternative strategies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations, and cash flows.

We may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the sale of the Family Dollar business.

Following the sale of the Family Dollar business, our operational and financial profile changed significantly, with the Dollar Tree banner comprising substantially all of our retail operations. Accordingly, our company following the sale is smaller and less diversified, such that our results of operations, cash flows, working capital, and financing requirements may be subject to increased volatility and vulnerability to changing market conditions.

The sale of our Family Dollar business and other recent strategic initiatives have also entailed significant changes across our organizational structure, senior leadership, culture, functional alignment, outsourcing and other areas. These changes have been and could continue to be disruptive to our business operations. Further, there can also be no assurance that unbudgeted or stranded costs or dis-synergies of the Family Dollar sale will not exceed our expectations or the anticipated benefits of the transaction. In addition, we agreed to indemnify the purchaser for losses arising from certain liabilities of the Family Dollar business arising before the sale. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business or results of operations. 

We also have continuing obligations to Family Dollar pursuant to transition services or other agreements through which we continue to provide certain services to Family Dollar for 18 months following the date of sale. This has required, and could continue to require, significant management and operational resources which could reduce our ability to fully realize cost savings and efficiency initiatives that we would otherwise be able to implement. While we are receiving payment for the transition services that we provide, we may not be able to recoup all of the underlying costs.

We could incur losses due to impairment of goodwill and other long-lived assets.

Under U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, we review our long-lived assets for impairment whenever economic events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset may not be recoverable. Identifiable intangible assets with an indefinite useful life, such as goodwill, are not amortized but are evaluated annually for impairment. An evaluation is also performed if events or circumstances indicate that impairment could have occurred.

Should we experience business challenges or significant negative industry or general economic trends, we could recognize impairments to our goodwill and other long-lived assets. We monitor key assumptions and other factors utilized in our impairment analysis, and if business or other market conditions develop that are materially different than we currently anticipate, we will conduct an additional impairment evaluation. Any reduction in or impairment of assets will result in a charge against earnings, which could have a material adverse impact on our reported results of operations and financial condition.

We make estimates and assumptions in connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, and any changes to those estimates and assumptions could adversely affect our results of operations.

In connection with the preparation of our consolidated financial statements, we make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, as well as the disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. Please refer to “
Critical Accounting Estimates and Assumptions

” in “Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.” Our estimates are often based on complex judgments, probabilities and assumptions that management believes to be reasonable, but that are inherently uncertain and unpredictable and subject to changing conditions and other factors beyond our control. Accordingly, actual results could be significantly different from these estimates.

For example, our liabilities related to our self-insurance programs, which include general liability claims, are estimates that require judgment and the use of assumptions. As a result of unfavorable developments due to the rising costs to reimburse, settle, or litigate claims related to customer accidents and other incidents at our stores, our actuarially determined liabilities were increased during 2024 and 2025, contributing to increases in our general liability claim expenses of $20.4 million and $33.6 million, 

17

Table of Contents

respectively, compared to the prior year. Should these or any other estimates and assumptions change, it could adversely affect our results of operations. 

Cybersecurity and Technology Risks

For additional discussion of the company’s cybersecurity posture, including risk management and governance, please see “
Item 1C. Cybersecurity

.” 

We rely on computer and technology systems in our operations, and any material failure, inadequacy, or interruption of those systems, including because of a cyberattack, could harm our ability to effectively operate and grow our business and could adversely affect our financial results.

We rely extensively on our computer and technology systems and, in certain cases, those of third-party service providers to support nearly all key functions in our business, including managing inventory, operating our stores, processing credit card and customer transactions, managing our customer and associate relationships and summarizing results. Our ability to effectively manage our business and coordinate the distribution and sale of our merchandise depends significantly on the capabilities, confidentiality, integrity and availability of these systems and on our ability to successfully acquire and integrate upgraded or replacement systems as needed to support our business requirements and strategic initiatives. We also rely on third-party providers and platforms for many of these computer and technology systems and support.

Although we have operational safeguards in place, they may not be effective in preventing the failure of these systems or platforms to operate effectively and be available to us. This may be as the result of deliberate breach in the security of these systems or platforms by bad actors, including through malicious software, ransomware and other cyberattacks, which may originate from state actors and may increase during times of international tensions. Such incidents have occurred, including with respect to our third-party vendors, although without material impact to date. Failures may also be caused by various other factors, including power outages, catastrophic events, physical theft, computer and network failures, inadequate or ineffective redundancy, obsolescence or failure of vendor support, flaws in third-party software or services, errors or improper use by our employees or third-party service providers.

To support the growth of our business, we are making substantial investments in our information technology systems, including updating or replacing legacy systems. Certain of our existing infrastructure is comprised of complex legacy technologies with limited flexibility, inconsistencies, manual workarounds and other inefficiencies. These systems require time and investment to upgrade without material disruptions to our business. Further, transitioning to these new or upgraded processes and systems requires significant capital investments and personnel resources. Implementation is also highly dependent on the coordination of numerous associates, contractors and software and system providers. While these efforts have resulted in improvements to our operational systems, we expect to continue to incur expenses to implement additional improvements and upgrades to our systems. Many of these expenditures have been and may continue to be incurred in advance of the realization of any direct benefits to our business. We cannot guarantee that we will be successful at improving our operational systems, or that our efforts will result in the anticipated benefits to us. We may also experience difficulties in implementing or operating our new or upgraded operational or technology systems, including, but not limited to, ineffective or inefficient operations, significant system failures, system outages, delayed implementation and loss of system availability, which could lead to increased implementation and/or operational costs, loss or corruption of data, delayed shipments, excess inventory and interruptions of operations resulting in lost sales and/or profits. If our information technology systems, upgrades and associated change management are not adequate to support our business and our strategic initiatives, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected, and our business may become less competitive.

The potential unauthorized access to our systems could disrupt operations or lead to the theft of data which may violate privacy laws and could damage our business reputation, subject us to negative publicity, litigation and costs, and adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition.

Many of our information technology systems, such as those we use for our point-of-sale, web and mobile platforms, including online and mobile payment systems, and for administrative functions, including human resources, payroll, benefits, accounting, and internal and external communications, contain personal, financial, health-related or other confidential information that is entrusted to us by our customers and associates as well as proprietary and other confidential information related to our business and suppliers.

We are exposed to persistent and substantial risks from cybersecurity threats, as the number of cyberattacks targeting retailers and corporate networks grows, and the volume, intensity and sophistication of attempted attacks, intrusions and threats from around the world increase daily. The continued evolution and increased usage of artificial intelligence technologies may further increase these risks. Both we and our vendors have experienced data security incidents; however, to date, these incidents have not been material to our results of operations. The security measures that we and/or our third-party partners put in place cannot provide absolute security to prevent harm to our systems or safeguard our customers’ personal information (including debit and credit card information), our associates’ private data, suppliers’ data, and our business records and intellectual property and other sensitive information.

18

Table of Contents

Cybercriminals, who may include well-funded state actors or organized criminal groups, are rapidly evolving their cyberattack techniques and tactics, which are becoming increasingly more sophisticated and challenging to detect. We and/or our third-party vendors may be vulnerable to and unable to anticipate, detect, and appropriately respond to cybersecurity attacks, including data security breaches and data loss.

We are also subject to laws and regulations in various jurisdictions in which we operate regarding privacy, data protection and data security, including those related to the collection, storage, handling, use, disclosure, transfer and security of personal data of customers, associates, or others. These laws permit regulators to assess potentially significant fines for data privacy violations and may create a right for individuals to bring class action suits seeking damages for violations. Our efforts to comply with consumer privacy laws and other similar privacy and data protection laws may impose significant costs and challenges that are likely to increase over time, and we could incur substantial penalties or be subject to litigation related to violation of existing or future data privacy laws and regulations.

Likewise, we are subject to the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standards (“PCI-DSS”) which is mandated by the card brands and administered through the Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council. As a Level 1 Merchant, we are subject to assessment and attestation for PCI-DSS compliance on an annual basis. A failure to meet and maintain compliance with PCI-DSS requirements could result in our inability to continue to accept credit cards as a form of payment, which would materially impact our ability to sell our products. In addition, our credibility and reputation within the business community and with our customers may be affected, which could result in our customers discontinuing the use of debit or credit cards in our stores or not shopping in our stores altogether. Non-compliance with PCI-DSS requirements also may subject us to recurring and accumulating fines until compliance is achieved. Considerable investments to strengthen our information security could also be required should we ever be deemed to be non-compliant. We are currently in compliance with the PCI-DSS standards.

Moreover, significant additional capital investments and other expenditures could also be required to continue to strengthen our overall cybersecurity posture and prevent future security breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, experts and services (e.g., notification and credit-monitoring services) for those whose data has been breached. These costs, which could be material, could adversely impact our results of operations in the period in which they are incurred and may not meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to breach our information technology systems.

The unavailability of information technology systems on which we rely or the failure of those systems or software to perform as required to support our business needs for any reason and any inability to respond to, or recover from, such events, could disrupt our business, decrease performance, and increase overhead costs. If we, our vendors, or other third parties with whom we do business experience significant data security incidents or fail to detect and appropriately respond to significant incidents, we could be subject to negative publicity, costly government enforcement actions or private litigation and increased costs. In addition, our customers could lose confidence in our ability to protect their information, stop using our applications or other programs, or stop shopping with us altogether. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, results of operations or financial condition.

We use, and may over time increase the usage of, artificial intelligence and machine learning in our business, and challenges with properly managing its use could adversely affect our business.

We utilize artificial intelligence-enabled technologies in our business, and advancements in technology may allow us to expand the use or applications of artificial intelligence, including generative artificial intelligence, into key operational and/or administrative aspects of our business in the future. Our competitors or other third parties may incorporate artificial intelligence into their businesses more quickly or more successfully than us, which could impair our ability to compete effectively and adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, if the types of information that artificial intelligence applications assist in producing are or are alleged to be deficient, inaccurate, or biased, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. Furthermore, generative artificial intelligence presents emerging ethical issues and could negatively impact our customers and associates. If our use of generative artificial intelligence becomes controversial or is inaccurate or ineffective, our reputation and competitive position could be adversely affected. The rapid evolution of artificial intelligence, including potential government regulation of artificial intelligence, may require significant resources to develop, test and maintain our implementations of artificial intelligence.

Legal and Regulatory Risks and Related Considerations

Legal proceedings may adversely affect our reputation, business, results of operations or financial condition.

Our business is subject to the risk of litigation and other proceedings involving associates, consumers, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies, or others through private actions, class actions, derivative actions, governmental investigations, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions, arbitrations or other similar actions.

In addition, our operations and/or the products we sell are subject to regulatory oversight by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), the U.S. Department of Agriculture, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, states’ attorneys-general, and other federal, state, local and applicable foreign governmental authorities. Where such authorities believe that we have 

19

Table of Contents

failed to comply with applicable regulations and/or procedures, they may require prompt corrective action, and/or proceed directly to other forms of enforcement action, including the imposition of operating restrictions, including a ceasing of operations in one or more facilities, enjoining and restraining certain violations of applicable law pertaining to products, seizure of products, assessing civil or criminal sanctions or penalties, and requiring enhancements to our compliance programs or reporting requirements. Any adverse regulatory action, depending on its magnitude, may restrict us from effectively selling our products and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and/or results of operations.

Our products could also cause illness or injury, harm our reputation, and subject us to litigation. Product liability, personal injury, consumer protection or other claims may be asserted against us relating to product adulteration, product tampering, mislabeling, recall and other safety issues with respect to the products that we sell, or with respect to our handling or storage of such products. Recent such matters have led to increased scrutiny of our operations by regulatory agencies, requiring further management attention and potential legal fees and other expenses. A significant product liability, consumer fraud, or other legal judgment against us, a related regulatory compliance or enforcement action or a product recall could materially and adversely affect our reputation, financial condition and/or results of operations. Moreover, even if a product liability, consumer fraud or other claim is unsuccessful, has no merit or is not pursued, the negative publicity surrounding assertions against the products we sell could materially and adversely affect our reputation. We seek but may not be successful in obtaining contractual indemnification from our vendors, where appropriate, or insurance coverage, and if we do not have adequate contractual indemnification or insurance available, such claims could adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or results of operations. Our ability to obtain the benefit of contractual indemnification from vendors may be hindered by our ability to enforce contractual indemnification obligations against such vendors, for example because the vendors are overseas or lack financial resources. Our litigation-related expenses could increase as well, which also could have a materially negative impact on our financial condition and/or results of operations even if a claim is unsuccessful or is not fully pursued.

The outcome of such matters is often difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits or proceedings may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. In addition, certain of these matters, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in an expense that may be material to our consolidated financial statements as a whole or may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operations are required. If we experienced a material loss arising from these matters, we could also become subject to shareholder derivative suits and securities litigation. The cost to defend current and future litigation or proceedings, including arbitrations, may be significant. There also may be adverse publicity associated with litigation, including litigation related to product or food safety, customer information and environmental or safety requirements, which could negatively affect customer perception of our business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable.

For a discussion of current legal matters, please see “
Item 3. Legal Proceedings

” and 
Note 5

 to our consolidated financial statements under the caption “Contingencies.”

Our failure to comply with applicable law, or to adequately respond to changes to such laws, could increase our expenses, expose us to legal risks or otherwise adversely affect us.

We operate in an increasingly regulated environment across a large and diverse geographic footprint, and we devote substantial resources to ensure effective compliance with numerous and frequently changing laws and regulations. The complexity of this regulatory environment and related compliance costs continue to increase due to additional legal and regulatory requirements, our expanding operations, new strategic initiatives, and increased regulatory scrutiny and enforcement efforts. For example, our continued expansion of multi-price product assortments and retail price changes, in addition to increased scrutiny of retailers by local, state and federal agencies, has resulted in increased regulatory and legal risks regarding pricing and price clarity. New or revised laws, regulations, orders, policies and related interpretations and enforcement practices, including product and food safety, marketing, labeling or pricing; information security and privacy; artificial intelligence; labor and employment; employee wages and benefits; health and workplace safety (including Occupational Safety and Health Administration rules); imports and customs; taxes; anti-bribery; sustainability; and environmental compliance, may significantly increase our expenses or require extensive system and operating changes that could materially increase our cost of doing business.

If our programs do not adequately anticipate regulatory expectations or requirements, or if we fail to appropriately design and maintain an effective enterprise compliance program and system of controls to prevent and detect non-compliance, including implementing and communicating a strong culture of compliance, there is a possibility any failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations would subject us to enhanced legal risks and adverse outcomes. Violations of applicable laws and regulations or untimely or incomplete execution of a required product recall can result in significant penalties (including loss of licenses, eligibility to accept certain government benefits such as SNAP or significant fines), class action or other litigation, governmental investigation or action and reputational damage. The failure to properly manage our overall compliance program and fully comply with our obligations could adversely affect our ability to conduct business, result in significant fines and other penalties, damage our brand and reputation, and negatively impact our financial position and results of operations.

20

Table of Contents

New laws and regulations could have an adverse effect on our business. For example, various municipalities have begun regulating the placement or proximity of our stores or may place requirements on labor relations or the types of products we sell. In addition, the adoption by certain jurisdictions of new or expanded environmental laws and regulations could significantly increase our operating or merchandise costs or reduce the demand for our products. These laws and regulations may include, but are not limited to, requirements relating to hazardous waste materials, recycling, single-use plastics, so-called “chemicals of concern,” extended producer responsibility, use of refrigerants, carbon pricing or carbon taxes, product energy efficiency, animal welfare standards and product labeling.

In addition, significant changes in laws or regulations that impact our relationship with our workforce, in areas such as wage and hour, health care, scheduling and leave, labor relations or workplace safety, could increase our expenses and adversely affect our operations. An increase in federal corporate tax rates also could adversely affect our profitability. Changes in other regulatory areas, such as consumer credit, privacy and information security, product and food safety, energy or environmental protection, international labor protections, and tariff and other trade restrictions, among others, could cause our expenses to increase or result in product recalls.

Our business is subject to evolving disclosure requirements and expectations with respect to social, environmental, and similar matters that could expose us to numerous risks.

Our business faces increasing public scrutiny related to corporate social responsibility, environmental concerns, governance and related practices. We risk damage to our brand and reputation, including risk to our plans for profitable growth, if we fail to act responsibly or in line with regulatory and stakeholder expectations in a number of areas, such as worker safety and welfare, human rights, associate relations, environmental stewardship, support for local communities, and corporate governance and transparency. Negative reputational incidents could impact the value of our brand, the cost of our operations and relationships with associates, customers or investors, all of which could adversely affect our business and results. 

The rules, regulations and expectations of regulators, customers, investors, associates, and other stakeholders with respect to these matters continue to evolve. These changing rules, regulations and stakeholder expectations have resulted in, and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and increased management time and attention spent complying with or meeting such regulations and expectations. Developing and acting on such initiatives, and collecting, measuring, and reporting related information and metrics can be costly, difficult and time consuming and is subject to evolving reporting standards. For example, compliance with California’s recently implemented climate-related and extended producer responsibility reporting requirements, and similar proposals by state regulators and other regulatory bodies, could be costly, difficult and time consuming, especially as reporting standards are still evolving. We may also communicate certain initiatives and goals regarding environmental matters, culture and belonging, responsible sourcing and social investments and other related matters, in our SEC filings or in other public disclosures. These initiatives and goals could be difficult and expensive to implement, the technologies needed to implement them may not be cost effective and may not advance at a sufficient pace, and we could be criticized for the accuracy, adequacy, or completeness of the disclosure. Further, statements about our related initiatives and goals, and progress toward those goals, may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to mature, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. Any failure, or perceived failure, to meet any of our published initiatives or goals, which often may be outside of our control, could adversely affect public perception of our business, associate retention or recruiting, business opportunities, or customer, vendor or shareholder support.

Further, as the rules, regulations and expectations continue to evolve, our stakeholders may have differing views. For example, we may face criticism as a result of diverging sentiment among governmental authorities, regulators, customers, investors, associates, or other stakeholders. Scrutiny, or the perception that our efforts are too ambitious or misdirected, could expose us to the risk of litigation, investigations or challenges by federal or state authorities, injunctions or penalties, cause reputational harm, or adversely affect the ability of certain fund investors to hold our stock. Federal and state regulations may establish differing standards or mutually exclusive requirements. These evolving and divergent expectations may make it difficult for us to satisfy all regulatory and stakeholder expectations. 

If we are unable to meet our social- or environmental-related goals or evolving and divergent stakeholder expectations and industry standards, if our related data, processes and reporting are incomplete or inaccurate, or if our efforts around issues of concern are perceived as insufficient or too ambitious, consumers may choose to stop purchasing our products or purchase products from a competitor, and our reputation, business or financial condition may be adversely affected.

Risks Relating to Indebtedness and Our Common Stock

Our inability to access credit or capital markets, a downgrade of our credit ratings and/or increases in interest rates could negatively affect our financing costs, results of operations and financial condition.

We rely on internally generated funds and borrowings under our credit facilities and commercial paper program to fund our seasonal working capital requirements for existing and new stores, distribution network programs and other capital projects. 

21

Table of Contents

Our continued access to financial markets depends on multiple factors, including market conditions, our operating performance and our credit ratings. Changes in the credit and capital markets, including as a result of financial market disruptions, rising interest rates, bank failures or other macroeconomic conditions, could increase the cost of financing or restrict our access to these potential sources of future liquidity. Further, our credit ratings impact the cost and availability of future borrowings and, accordingly, our cost of financing. Our ratings reflect the opinions of the ratings agencies of our financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet our debt obligations. A downgrade in our credit ratings could limit our access to credit and capital markets, limit the institutions willing to provide credit facilities to us, result in more restrictive financial and other covenants in our debt agreements and would likely significantly increase our overall financing costs and adversely affect our results of operations.

If we are unable to access financial markets when needed, on favorable terms or at all, whether to refinance our existing indebtedness on or before maturity or to fund our capital expenditures or working capital needs not satisfied by cash flows from operations, our results of operations or financial condition could be materially and adversely affected.

In addition, we have exposure to future interest rates based on variable rates under our revolving credit facility and issuances under our commercial paper program and to the extent we raise additional debt in the capital markets to meet maturing debt obligations or otherwise. Significant and sustained increases in market interest rates could materially increase our financing costs and negatively impact our reported results.

Our business or the value of our common stock could be negatively affected as a result of actions by shareholders.

We value constructive input from investors and regularly engage in dialogue with our shareholders regarding strategy and performance. The Board of Directors and management team are committed to acting in the best interests of all our shareholders. There is no assurance that the actions taken by the Board of Directors and management in seeking to maintain constructive engagement with our shareholders will be successful. Shareholders who disagree with our strategy or the way we are managed may seek to effect change in the future, through various strategies that could include private engagement, publicity campaigns, proxy contests, and litigation. Responding to these actions may be costly and time-consuming, disrupt our operations, divert the attention of our Board of Directors, management, and associates, and impact our relationship with investors, vendors, and other third parties. Shareholder engagement also may result in changes to our business plans, operations, strategies, initiatives, governance, management, and risk factors. The perceived uncertainty as to our future direction resulting from these actions of shareholders could also affect the market price and volatility of our common stock.

The price of our common stock is subject to market and other conditions and may be volatile.

The market price of our common stock may fluctuate significantly in response to a number of factors. These factors, some of which may be beyond our control, include the perceived prospects and actual results of operations of our business; changes in estimates of our results of operations by analysts, investors or us; trading activity by our large shareholders; trading activity by sophisticated algorithms (high-frequency trading); speculation about our business in the press or the investment community; investor perceptions of the retail industry or us; our actual results of operations relative to estimates or expectations; actions or announcements by us or our competitors; litigation and judicial decisions; legislative or regulatory actions or changes; geopolitical tensions or major catastrophic events; inflation, monetary policy and changes in general economic or market conditions affecting the retail industry or the economy generally. In addition, the stock market in general has from time-to-time experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations. These market fluctuations could reduce the market price of our common stock for reasons unrelated to our operating performance.

Certain provisions in our Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws could delay or discourage a change of control transaction that may be in a shareholder’s best interest.

Our Articles of Incorporation and By-Laws contain provisions that may delay or discourage a takeover attempt that a shareholder might consider in his/her best interest. These provisions, among other things, provide that only the Board of Directors, the chairman or vice chairman of the Board, the chief executive officer or shareholders who own 15% or more of the outstanding shares of our common stock may call special meetings of the shareholders; establish certain advance notice procedures for nominations of candidates for election as directors and for shareholder proposals to be considered at shareholders’ meetings; and permit the Board of Directors, without further action of the shareholders, to issue and fix the terms of preferred stock, which may have rights senior to those of the common stock. However, we believe that these provisions allow our Board of Directors to negotiate a higher price in the event of a takeover attempt which would be in the best interest of our shareholders.