An investment in our common stock involves a high degree of risk.  Any failure to meet market expectations, including our comparable store sales growth rate, earnings and earnings per share or new store openings, could cause the market price of our stock to decline.  You should carefully consider the specific risk factors listed below together with all other information included or incorporated in this report.  Any of the following risks may materialize, and additional risks not known to us, or that we now deem immaterial, may arise.  In such event, our business, financial condition, results of operations or prospects could be materially adversely affected.

Our profitability is vulnerable to cost increases.

Future increase in costs such as the cost of merchandise, wage and benefit costs, shipping rates, freight costs, fuel costs and store occupancy costs may reduce our profitability.  The minimum wage has increased or is scheduled to increase in multiple states and local jurisdictions and there is a possibility that Congress will increase the federal minimum wage. We do not raise the sales price of our merchandise to offset cost increases because we are committed to selling primarily at the $1.00 price point 

8

to continue to provide value to the customer.  We are dependent on our ability to adjust our product assortment, to operate more efficiently or effectively or to increase our comparable store net sales in order to offset inflation or other cost increases.  We can give no assurance that we will be able to operate more efficiently or increase our comparable store net sales in the future.  Please see Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," beginning on page 18 of this Form 10-K for further discussion of the effect of Inflation and Other Economic Factors on our operations.

A downturn in economic conditions could impact our sales.

Deterioration in economic conditions, such as those caused by a recession, inflation, higher unemployment, consumer debt levels, lack of available credit, cost increases, as well as adverse weather conditions or terrorism, could reduce consumer spending or cause customers to shift their spending to products we either do not sell or do not sell as profitably.  Adverse economic conditions could disrupt consumer spending and significantly reduce our sales, decrease our inventory turnover, cause greater markdowns or reduce our profitability due to lower margins.

Litigation may adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of

operations.

Our business is subject to the risk of litigation involving employees, consumers, suppliers, competitors, shareholders, government agencies, or others through private actions, class actions, governmental investigations, administrative proceedings, regulatory actions or other litigation.  Our products could also cause illness or injury, harm our reputation, and subject us to litigation. We are currently defendants in several employment-related class and collective actions, litigation concerning leases, and a governmental investigation concerning retail hazardous waste.  The outcome of litigation is difficult to assess or quantify.  Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential loss may remain unknown for substantial periods of time.  In addition, certain of these matters, if decided adversely to us or settled by us, may result in an expense that may be material to our financial statements as a whole or may negatively affect our operating results if changes to our business operation are required.  The cost to defend current and future litigation may be significant.  There also may be adverse publicity associated with litigation, including litigation related to product safety, customer information and environmental requirements, which could negatively affect customer perception of our business, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable.

For a discussion of current legal matters, please see Item 3. “Legal Proceedings” beginning on page 13 of this Form 10-K and Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, "Note 4 - Commitments and Contingencies" under the caption "Contingencies" beginning on page 42 to this Form 10-K.  Resolution of these matters, if decided against the Company, could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, accrued liabilities or cash flows.

A significant disruption in our computer and technology systems could adversely affect our results of operation or business.

We rely extensively on our computer and technology systems to manage inventory, process credit card and customer transactions and summarize results.  Systems may be subject to damage or interruption from power outages, telecommunication failures, computer viruses, security breaches and catastrophic events.  If our systems are damaged or fail to function properly, we may incur substantial costs to repair or replace them, may experience loss of critical data and interruptions or delays in our ability to manage inventories or process customer transactions and may receive negative publicity, which could adversely affect our results of operation or business.

If we are unable to secure our customers' credit card and confidential information, or other private data relating to our associates, suppliers or our business, we could be subject to negative publicity, costly government enforcement actions or private litigation, which could damage our business reputation and adversely affect our results of operation or business.

We have procedures and technology in place to safeguard our customers' debit and credit card information, our associates' private data, suppliers' data, and our business records and intellectual property. Despite these measures, criminals are constantly devising schemes to circumvent safeguards and we may be vulnerable to, and unable to detect and appropriately respond to, data security breaches and data loss, including cyber-security attacks. Other sophisticated retailers have recently suffered serious security breaches. If we experience a data security breach, we could be exposed to negative publicity, government enforcement actions, private litigation, or costly response measures. In addition, our reputation within the business community and with our customers may be affected, which could result in our customers discontinuing the use of debit or credit cards in our stores or not shopping in our stores altogether. This could could have an adverse effect on our results of operation or business.

9

Changes in federal, state or local law, or our failure to comply with such laws, could increase our expenses and expose us to legal risks.

Our business is subject to a wide array of laws and regulations.  Significant legislative changes, such as the healthcare legislation, that impact our relationship with our workforce could increase our expenses and adversely affect our operations.  The minimum wage has increased or is scheduled to increase in multiple states and local jurisdictions and there is a possibility that Congress will increase the federal minimum wage. Changes in other regulatory areas, such as consumer credit, privacy and information security, product safety or environmental protection, among others, could cause our expenses to increase.  In addition, if we fail to comply with applicable laws and regulations, particularly wage and hour laws, we could be subject to legal risk, including government enforcement action and class action civil litigation, which could adversely affect our results of operations.  Changes in tax laws, the interpretation of existing laws, or our failure to sustain our reporting positions on examination could adversely affect our effective tax rate.

Our growth is dependent on our ability to increase sales in existing stores and to expand our square footage profitably.

Existing store sales growth is dependent on a variety of factors including merchandise selection and availability, store operations and customer satisfaction.  In addition, competition could affect our sales.  Our highest sales periods are the Christmas and Easter seasons and we generally realize a disproportionate amount of our net sales and our operating and net income during the fourth quarter.  In anticipation, we stock extra inventory and hire many temporary employees to prepare our stores.  A reduction in sales during these periods could adversely affect our operating results, particularly operating and net income, to a greater extent than if a reduction occurred at other times of the year.  Untimely merchandise delays due to receiving or distribution problems could have a similar effect.  Easter was observed on 
April 8, 2012
, 
March 31, 2013
, and will be observed on 
April 20, 2014
.

Expanding our square footage profitably depends on a number of uncertainties, including our ability to locate, lease, build out and open or expand stores in suitable locations on a timely basis under favorable economic terms.  In addition, our expansion is dependent upon third-party developers’ abilities to acquire land, obtain financing, and secure necessary permits and approvals.  It remains difficult for third party developers to obtain financing for new projects due to the recent turmoil in the financial markets.  We also open or expand stores within our established geographic markets, where new or expanded stores may draw sales away from our existing stores.  We may not manage our expansion effectively, and our failure to achieve our expansion plans could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Risks associated with our domestic and foreign suppliers from whom our products are sourced could affect our financial performance.

We are dependent on our vendors to supply merchandise in a timely and efficient manner.  If a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments due to financial or other difficulties, we could experience merchandise shortages which could lead to lost sales or increased merchandise costs if alternative sources must be used.

Merchandise imported directly accounts for approximately 
40%
 to 
42%
 of our total retail value purchases.  In addition, we believe that a portion of our goods purchased from domestic vendors is imported.  China is the source of a substantial majority of our imports.  Imported goods are generally less expensive than domestic goods and increase our profit margins.  A disruption in the flow of our imported merchandise or an increase in the cost of those goods may significantly decrease our profits.  Risks associated with our reliance on imported goods may include disruptions in the flow of or increases in the cost of imported goods because of factors such as:

•

raw material shortages, work stoppages, strikes and political unrest;

•

economic crises and international disputes;

•

changes in currency exchange rates or policies and local economic conditions, including inflation in the country of origin; and

•

failure of the United States to maintain normal trade relations with China.

We could encounter disruptions in our distribution network or additional costs in distributing merchandise.

Our success is dependent on our ability to transport merchandise to our distribution centers and then ship it to our stores in a timely and cost-effective manner.  We may not anticipate, respond to or control all of the challenges of operating our receiving and distribution systems.  Additionally, if a vendor fails to deliver on its commitments, we could experience merchandise shortages that could lead to lost sales or increased costs.  Some of the factors that could have an adverse effect on our distribution network or costs are:

•

Shipping disruption.  
Our oceanic shipping schedules may be disrupted or delayed from time to time.

10

•

Shipping costs.
  We could experience increases in shipping rates imposed by the trans-Pacific ocean carriers.  Changes in import duties, import quotas and other trade sanctions could increase our costs.

•

Diesel fuel costs.  
We have experienced volatility in diesel fuel costs over the past few years, which could recur unexpectedly, at any time.

•

Vulnerability to natural or man-made disasters.
  A fire, explosion or natural disaster at a port or any of our distribution facilities could result in a loss of merchandise and impair our ability to adequately stock our stores.  Some facilities are vulnerable to earthquakes, hurricanes or tornadoes.

•

Labor disagreement.
  Labor disagreements, disruptions or strikes may result in delays in the delivery of merchandise to our distribution centers or stores and increase costs.

•

War, terrorism and other events.
  War and acts of terrorism in the United States, the Middle East, or in China or other parts of Asia, where we buy a significant amount of our imported merchandise, could disrupt our supply chain or increase our transportation costs.

•

Economic conditions.
  Suppliers may encounter financial or other difficulties.

Our profitability is affected by the mix of products we sell.

Our gross profit margin could decrease if we increase the proportion of higher cost goods we sell in the future.  In recent years, the percentage of our sales from higher cost consumable products has increased and we can give no assurance that this trend will not continue.  As a result, our gross profit margin could decrease unless we are able to maintain our current merchandise cost sufficiently to offset any decrease in our product margin percentage.  We can give no assurance that we will be able to do so.

Pressure from competitors may reduce our sales and profits.

The retail industry is highly competitive.  The marketplace is highly fragmented as many different retailers compete for market share by utilizing a variety of store formats and merchandising strategies.  We expect competition to increase in the future.  There are no significant economic barriers for others to enter our retail sector.  Some of our current or potential competitors have greater financial resources than we do.  We cannot guarantee that we will continue to be able to compete successfully against existing or future competitors.  Please see Item 1, “Business,” beginning on page 5 of this Form 10-K for further discussion of the effect of competition on our operations.

Our business could be adversely affected if we fail to attract and retain qualified associates and key personnel.

Our growth and performance is dependent on the skills, experience and contributions of our associates, executives and key personnel.  Various factors, including overall labor availability, wage rates, regulatory or legislative impacts, and benefit costs could impact the ability to attract and retain qualified associates at our stores, distribution centers and corporate office.

Failure to comply with our debt covenants could adversely affect our capital resources, financial condition and liquidity.

Our debt agreements contain certain restrictive covenants, which impose various operating and financial restrictions on us. Our failure to comply with the restrictive covenants in our debt agreements could result in an event of default, which, if not cured or waived, could result in us having to repay our borrowings before their due dates. If we are forced to refinance these borrowings on less favorable terms or if we were to experience difficulty in refinancing the debt prior to maturity, our results of operations or financial condition could be materially affected. 

Certain provisions in our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws could delay or discourage a takeover attempt that may be in a shareholder's best interest.

Our Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws currently contain provisions that may delay or discourage a takeover attempt that a shareholder might consider in his best interest.  These provisions, among other things:

•

provide that only the Board of Directors, chairman or president may call special meetings of the shareholders;

•

establish certain advance notice procedures for nominations of candidates for election as directors and for shareholder proposals to be considered at shareholders' meetings;

•

permit the Board of Directors, without further action of the shareholders, to issue and fix the terms of preferred stock, which may have rights senior to those of the common stock.

However, we believe that these provisions allow our Board of Directors to negotiate a higher price in the event of a takeover attempt which would be in the best interest of our shareholders.

11