Our business model is dependent upon third parties to provide data and certain operational services, the loss of which would materially impact our
business and financial results. 

We rely significantly on third parties to support our business model. For example:

•

 We obtain much of the data that we use from third parties, including public record sources; 

•

 We utilize single source providers in certain countries to support the needs of our customers around the globe and rely on members of our D&B
Worldwide Network to provide local data in countries in which we do not directly operate; 

•

 We have outsourced certain portions of our data acquisition, processing and delivery and customer service and call center processes; and

•

 We have also outsourced various functions, such as our data center operations, technology help desk and network management functions in the U.S. and
the UK. 

If one or more data providers were to experience financial or operational difficulties or were to
withdraw their data, cease making it available, be unable to make it available due to changing industry standards, substantially increase the cost of their data, not adhere to our data quality standards, or be acquired by a competitor who would
cause any of these disruptions to occur, our ability to provide solutions and services to our customers could be materially adversely impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business

11 

Table of Contents

and financial results. Similarly, if one of our outsource providers, including third parties with whom we have strategic relationships, were to experience financial or operational difficulties,
their services to us would suffer or they may no longer be able to provide services to us at all, having a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. We cannot be certain that we could replace our large third-party vendors in a
timely manner or on terms commercially reasonable to us. If we change a significant outsource provider, an existing provider makes significant changes to the way it conducts its operations, or we seek to bring in-house certain services performed
today by third parties, we may experience unexpected disruptions in the provision of our solutions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

Our business performance is dependent upon successful implementation and the ongoing operation of our Strategic Technology Investment, and appropriate investment in our technology infrastructure
thereafter, the failure of which could materially impact our business and financial results. 

In February 2010, we
announced a Strategic Technology Investment program, which we refer to as “MaxCV” for Maximizing Customer Value, aimed at strengthening our leading position in commercial data and improving our current technology platform to meet the
emerging needs of customers. We will continue to rely in part on third-party providers to implement and update certain aspects of our technology infrastructure and to thereafter run certain of such operations both from within D&B and from their
own remote locations. Upon completion of this investment, we expect that it will: 

•

 Simplify and re-architect our data supply chain in order to, among other things, supply intra-day updates; 

•

 Create a services layer to optimize access to our data for customers and third parties and to make it easier for us to innovate and develop new
products; 

•

 Consolidate many of our legacy products to provide fewer but more impactful applications for customers; 

•

 Accelerate revenue growth in our North American segment upon the completion of the investment; and 

•

 Significantly reduce our technology costs upon completion of the investment. 

We expect that MaxCV will have a total cost of approximately $160 million in 2012. The project will largely focus on continuing to
rebuild the data supply chain as well as introducing additional Web services. We expect MaxCV and the associated spending will be largely complete by the end of 2012. However, product and customer migration are now targeted to be concluded in the
second half of 2013. We may experience additional costs that we do not currently foresee. 

In the event we fail to execute on
this investment in a timely manner and/or without interruption to service, including hiring and retaining appropriate technology personnel, engaging and managing third parties, re-architecting our data supply chain, and simplifying our product
portfolio while migrating our customers to new products, and maintaining such data and technology operations on an ongoing basis, we will not achieve our expected revenue acceleration or growth, or the anticipated cost savings from this investment,
and we could experience a significant competitive disadvantage in the marketplace, such as the inability to offer certain types of new services or to collect certain types of new data, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and
financial results. 

Our success depends in part on our ability to adapt our solutions to our customers’ preferences.
Advances in information technology and uncertain or changing economic conditions are changing the way our customers use and purchase business information. As a result, our customers are demanding both lower prices and more features from our
solutions, such as decision-making tools like credit scores and electronic delivery formats, and are expecting real-time data provided in a manner relevant to them. If we do not successfully adapt our solutions to our customers’ preferences,
our business and financial results would be materially adversely affected. Specifically, for our larger customers, our continued success will be dependent on our ability to satisfy more of their needs by providing more breadth and depth of data and
allowing them more flexibility to use our data through web services and third-party solutions. For our smaller customers, our success will depend in part on our ability to develop a strong value proposition, including simplifying our solutions and
pricing offerings, to enhance our marketing efforts to these customers and to improve our service to them. 

12 

Table of Contents

Upon the successful completion of MaxCV, the failure to continue to invest in our business
could result in a material adverse effect on our future financial results. Such investments may include: (i) our ability to successfully evolve our workforce away from those third parties who assisted us in the build of MaxCV, to internal
employees who can successfully execute thereon; (ii) executing on, and mitigating risks associated with, new product offerings such as DaaS; and (iii) ensuring continued compatibility of our new platforms and technologies with our
Worldwide Network partners and other affiliates. 

We face competition that may cause price reductions or loss of market share.

We are subject to competitive conditions in all aspects of our business. We compete directly with a broad range of
companies offering business information services to customers. We also face competition from: 

•

 The in-house operations of the businesses we seek as customers; 

•

 Other general and specialized credit reporting and other business information services; and 

•

 Credit insurers. 

Business information solutions and services are becoming more readily available, principally due to the expansion of the Internet, greater availability of public data and the emergence of new providers of
business information solutions and services. Large Internet companies can provide low-cost alternatives to data gathering and change how our customers perform key activities such as marketing campaigns. Such companies, and other third parties which
may not be readily apparent today, may become significant low-cost or no-cost competitors and adversely impact the demand for our solutions and services, or limit our growth potential. 

Weak economic conditions can result in customers seeking to utilize free or lower-cost information that is available from alternative
sources such as the Internet and European Commission-sponsored projects like the European Business Register. Intense competition could adversely impact us by causing, among other things, price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market
share. 

We face competition outside the U.S., and our competitors could develop an alternative to our D&B Worldwide
Network. 

We face competition from consumer credit companies that offer consumer information solutions to help their customers
make credit decisions regarding small businesses. Consumer information companies are seeking to expand their operations more broadly into aspects of the business information space. While their presence is currently small in the business information
market, given the size of the consumer market in which they operate, they have scale advantages in terms of scope of operations and size of relationship with customers, which they can potentially leverage to an advantage. 

Our ability to continue to compete effectively will be based upon a number of factors, including our ability to: 

•

 Communicate and demonstrate to our customers the value of our products and services based upon our proprietary DUNSRight Quality Process and, as a
result, improve customer satisfaction; 

•

 Maintain and develop proprietary information and services such as analytics (e.g., scoring), and sources of data not publicly available, such as
detailed trade data; 

•

 Demonstrate value through our decision-making tools and integration capabilities; 

•

 Leverage our brand perception and the value of our D&B Worldwide Network; 

•

 Continue to implement the Financial Flexibility component of our strategy and effectively reallocate our spending; 

•

 Obtain and deliver reliable and high-quality business and professional contact information through various media and distribution channels in formats
tailored to customer requirements; 

13 

Table of Contents

•

 Adopt and maintain an effective information technology infrastructure, including our work under MaxCV, to support product delivery as customer needs
and preferences change and competitors offer more sophisticated products; 

•

 Attract and retain a high-performance workforce; 

•

 Enhance our existing services and introduce new services; 

•

 Enter new customer markets; and 

•

 Improve our international business model and data quality through the successful management of the members of our D&B Worldwide Network and through
our undertaking of acquisitions or entering into joint ventures or similar relationships. 

Our business performance
might not be sufficient for us to meet the full-year financial guidance that we provide publicly. 

We provide full-year
financial guidance to the public which is based upon our assumptions regarding our expected financial performance. This includes, for example, assumptions regarding our ability to grow revenue, to grow operating income, to achieve desired tax rates
and to generate cash. We believe that our financial guidance provides investors and analysts with a better understanding of our view of our near-term financial performance. Such financial guidance may not always be accurate, due to our inability to
meet the assumptions we make and the impact on our financial performance that could occur as a result of the various risks and uncertainties to our business as set forth in these risk factors and in our public filings with the SEC or otherwise. If
we fail to meet the full-year financial guidance that we provide or if we find it necessary to revise such guidance as we conduct our operations throughout the year, the market value of our common stock or other securities could be materially
adversely affected. 

We may lose key business assets or suffer interruptions in product delivery, including loss of data center capacity
or the interruption of telecommunications links, the Internet, or power sources which could significantly impede our ability to do business. 

Our operations depend on our ability, as well as that of third-party service providers to whom we have outsourced several critical functions, to protect data centers and related technology against damage
from hardware failure, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, impacts of terrorism, breaches in security (such as the actions of computer hackers), the theft of services, natural disasters, or other disasters. The online services we provide
are dependent on links to telecommunications providers. We generate a significant amount of our revenue through telesales centers and Internet sites that we use in the acquisition of new customers, fulfillment of solutions and services and
responding to customer inquiries. We may not have sufficient redundant operations or change management processes in connection with our introduction of new online products or services to prevent a loss or failure in all of these areas in a timely
manner. Any damage to, or failure by our service providers to properly maintain our data centers, failure of our telecommunications links or inability to access these telesales centers or Internet sites could cause interruptions in operations that
adversely affect our ability to meet our customers’ requirements and materially adversely affect our business and financial results. 

A failure in the integrity of our database could harm our brand and result in a loss of sales and an increase in legal claims. 

The reliability of our solutions is dependent upon the integrity of the data in our global database. We have in the past been subject to
customer and third-party complaints and lawsuits regarding our data, which have occasionally been resolved by the payment of money damages. A failure in the integrity of our database, whether inadvertently or through the actions of a third party,
which may be on the rise, could harm us by exposing us to customer or third-party claims or by causing a loss of customer confidence in our solutions. We may experience an increase in risks to the integrity of our database as we move toward real
time data feeds, including those from 

14 

Table of Contents

social media sources, upon the completion of MaxCV. We must continue to invest in our database to improve and maintain the quality, timeliness and coverage of the data contained therein if we are
to maintain our competitive positioning in the marketplace. 

We have licensed, and we may license in the future, proprietary
rights to third parties. While we attempt to ensure that the quality of our brand is maintained by the third parties to whom we grant such licenses and by customers, they may take actions that could materially adversely affect the value of our
proprietary rights or our reputation. It cannot be assured that these licensees and customers will take the same steps we have taken to prevent misappropriation of our data solutions or technologies. 

Cybersecurity risks could harm our operations, the operations of our critical outsourcers, or the operations of our partners on whom we rely for
data and to meet our customer needs, any of which could materially impact our business and financial results. 

We rely
upon the security of our information technology infrastructure to protect us from cyber attacks and unauthorized access. Cyber attacks can include malware, computer viruses, or other significant disruption of our Information Technology
(“IT”) networks and related systems. Government agencies and security experts have warned about growing risks of hackers, cyber-criminals and other potential attacks targeting every type of IT system. We may face increasing cyber security
risks, as we receive data from new sources, such as social media sites or through data aggregators who provide us with information. 

If we experience a problem with the functioning of an important IT system or a security breach of our IT systems, the resulting disruptions could have a material adverse effect on our business. We also
store sensitive information in connection with our human resources operations and other aspects of our business which could be compromised by a cyber attack. To the extent that any disruptions or security breach results in a loss or damage to our
data, an inappropriate disclosure of confidential information, an inability to access data sources, or an inability to process data for or send data to our customers, it could cause significant damage to our reputation, affect our relationships with
our customers, lead to claims against the Company and ultimately harm our business. We may be required to incur significant costs to protect against damage caused by these disruptions or security breaches in the future. While we have insurance
coverage for certain instances of a cyber security breach, our coverage may not be sufficient if we suffer a significant or multiple attacks. 

Our outsourcing partners are primarily responsible for the security of our IT environment and we rely significantly on third parties to supply clean data content and to resell our products in a secure
manner. All of these third parties face risks relating to cyber security similar to ours which could disrupt their businesses and therefore materially impact ours. While we provide guidance and specific requirements in some cases, we do not directly
control any of such parties’ IT security operations, or the amount of investment they place in guarding against cyber security threats. Accordingly, we are subject to any flaw in or breaches to their IT systems or those that they operate for
us, which could materially impact our business, operations and financial results. 

Our brand and reputation are key assets and
competitive advantages of our Company and our business may be affected by how we are perceived in the marketplace. 

Our
brand and its attributes are key assets of the Company. Our ability to attract and retain customers is highly dependent upon the external perceptions of our level of data quality, effective provision of services, business practices, including
actions of our employees, third-party providers and members of the D&B Worldwide Network, that are not consistent with D&B’s policies and standards, and overall financial condition. Negative perceptions or publicity regarding these
matters could damage our reputation with customers and the public, which could make it difficult for us to attract and maintain customers. Adverse developments with respect to our industry may also, by association, negatively impact our reputation,
or result in higher regulatory or legislative scrutiny. Although we monitor developments for areas of potential risk to our reputation and brand, negative perceptions or publicity could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
results. 

15 

Table of Contents

We rely on annual contract renewals for a substantial part of our revenue, and our quarterly results
may be significantly impacted by the timing of these renewals or a shift in product mix that results in a change in the timing of revenue recognition. 

We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from annual customer contracts. If we are unable to renew a significant number of these contracts, our revenue and results of operations would be harmed. In
addition, our results of operations from period-to-period may vary due to the timing of customer contract renewals. As contracts are renewed, we have experienced, and may continue to experience, a shift in product mix underlying such contracts. This
could result in the deferral of increased amounts of revenue into future periods as a larger portion of revenue is recognized over the term of our contracts rather than upfront at contract signing or the acceleration of deferred revenue into an
earlier reporting period. Although this may cause our financial results from period-to-period to vary substantially, such change in revenue recognition would not change the total revenue recognized over the life of our contracts. 

We may be adversely affected by the global economic environment. 

As a result of the macro-economic challenges currently affecting the economy of the United States, Europe, and other parts of the world, our customers or vendors may experience problems with their
earnings, cash flow, or both. This may cause our customers to delay, cancel or significantly decrease their purchases from us, and we may experience delays in payment or their inability to pay amounts owed to us. Our vendors may substantially
increase their prices to us and without notice. Any such change in the behavior of our customers or vendors may materially adversely affect our earnings and cash flow. If economic conditions in the United States and other key markets deteriorate
further or do not show improvement, we may experience material adverse impacts to our business, operating results, and/or access to credit markets. 

Changes in the legislative, regulatory and commercial environments in which we operate could adversely impact our ability to collect, compile, use and publish data and could impact our financial
results. 

Certain types of information we collect, compile, use and publish are subject to regulation by governmental
authorities in various jurisdictions in which we operate, particularly in our international markets. There is increasing awareness and concern among the general public, governmental bodies, and others regarding marketing and privacy matters,
particularly as they relate to individual privacy interests and the ubiquity of the Internet. These concerns may result in new or amended laws and regulations that could adversely impact our business. In general, compliance with existing laws and
regulations has not to date materially impacted our business and financial results. Nonetheless, future laws and regulations with respect to the collection, compilation, use and publication of information, and adverse publicity or litigation
concerning the commercial use of such information could result in limitations being imposed on our operations, increased compliance or litigation costs and/or loss of revenue, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial
results. 

Our business relies on the availability of the Internet as it is currently configured and operated both to obtain
data and services and to provide data and services to our customers. If the rules governing the operation of the Internet were to change, such as, for example, by permitting broadband suppliers to discriminate in providing access to their networks,
this could have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Governmental agencies may seek to increase the costs we must pay
to acquire, use and/or redistribute data that such governmental agencies collect. While we would seek to pass along any such price increases to our customers or provide alternative services, there is no guarantee that we would be able to do so,
given competitive pressures or other considerations. Should our proportion of multiyear contracts increase, our risk of having to incur such additional costs further increases. Any such price increases or alternative services may result in reduced
usage by our customers and/or loss of market share, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

16 

Table of Contents

Acquisitions, joint ventures or similar strategic relationships may disrupt or otherwise have a
material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

As part of our strategy, we may seek to acquire other
complementary businesses, products and technologies or enter into joint ventures or similar strategic relationships. These transactions are subject to the following risks: 

•

 Acquisitions, joint ventures or similar relationships may cause a disruption in our ongoing business, distract our management and make it difficult to
maintain our standards, controls and procedures; 

•

 We may not be able to integrate successfully the services, content, products and personnel of any such transaction into our operations;

•

 We may not derive the revenue improvements, cost savings and other intended benefits of any such transaction; and 

•

 There may be risks, exposures and liabilities of acquired entities or other third parties with whom we undertake a transaction, that may arise from
such third parties’ activities prior to undertaking a transaction with us. 

We have no direct management control
over third-party members of the D&B Worldwide Network or other third parties who conduct business under the D&B brand name in local markets or who license and sell under the D&B name. 

The D&B Worldwide Network is comprised of wholly-owned subsidiaries, joint ventures that we either control or hold a minority interest
in, and third-party members who conduct business under the D&B brand name in local markets. While third-party member participation in the D&B Worldwide Network and certain of our relationships with other third parties are controlled by
commercial services agreements and the use of our trademarks is controlled by license agreements, we have no direct management control over these members or third parties beyond the terms of the agreements. We license data to certain third parties
to be included in the data solutions that they sell to their customers and such arrangements may increase as a percentage of our total revenue in the future. We do not have direct control over such third parties’ sales people or practices, and
their failure to successfully sell products which include our data will impact the revenue we receive and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. As a result, actions or inactions taken by these third parties may
have a material impact on our business and financial results. For example, one or more third parties or members may: 

•

 Provide a product or service that does not adhere to our data quality standards; 

•

 Fail to comply with D&B brand and communication standards; 

•

 Engage in illegal or unethical business practices; 

•

 Elect not to support new or revised products and services or other strategic initiatives; 

•

 Fail to execute other data or distribution contract requirements; or 

•

 Refuse to provide new sources of data. 

Such actions or inactions may have an impact on customer confidence in the D&B brand globally, which could materially adversely impact our business and financial results. 

Our international businesses are subject to various risks associated with operations in foreign countries, which could materially adversely affect
our business and financial results. 

Our success depends in part on our various international businesses. For the three
years ended December 31, 2011, 2010 and 2009, our businesses outside of North America accounted for 29%, 25% and 22% of total revenue, respectively. Our international businesses are subject to many of the same challenges as our domestic
business, as well as the following: 

•

 Our competition is primarily local, and our customers may have greater loyalty to our local competitors which may have a competitive advantage because
they are not restricted by U.S. and international laws with which we require our international businesses to comply, such as the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (“FCPA”); 

17 

Table of Contents

•

 While our services have not usually been regulated, governments, particularly in emerging market areas, may adopt legislation or regulations, or we may
learn that our current methods of operation violate existing legislation or regulations, governing the collection, compilation, use and/or publication of the kinds of information we collect, compile, use and publish, which could bar or impede our
ability to operate and this could adversely impact our business; 

•

 Credit insurance is a significant credit risk mitigation tool in certain markets that may reduce the demand for our Risk Management Solutions; and

•

 In some markets, key data elements are generally available from public-sector sources, thus reducing a customer’s need to purchase that data from
us. 

In addition, the FCPA and anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws in other jurisdictions generally
prohibit improper payments to government officials or other persons for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We cannot assure you that our policies and procedures will always protect us from acts committed by our employees or third party
intermediaries. From time to time, under appropriate circumstances, we have undertaken and will continue to undertake investigations of the relevant facts and circumstances and, when appropriate, take remedial actions, which can be expensive
and require significant time and attention from senior management. Violations of these laws may result in criminal or civil sanctions, which could disrupt our business and result in a material adverse effect on our business and financial
results.

Our international strategy includes the leveraging of our D&B Worldwide Network to improve our data quality. We
form and manage strategic relationships to create a competitive advantage for us over the long term; however, these strategic relationships may not be successful or may be subject to ownership change. 

The issue of data privacy is an increasingly important area of public policy in various international markets, and we operate in an
evolving regulatory environment. If our existing business practices were deemed to violate existing data privacy laws or such laws as they may evolve from time to time, our business or the business of third parties on whom we depend could be
adversely impacted. 

Our operating results could be negatively affected by a variety of other factors affecting our foreign
operations, many of which are beyond our control. These factors may include currency fluctuations, economic, political or regulatory conditions, competition from government agencies in a specific country or region, trade protection measures and
other regulatory requirements. Additional risks inherent in international business activities generally include, among others: 

•

 Longer accounts receivable payment cycles; 

•

 The costs and difficulties of managing international operations and strategic alliances, including the D&B Worldwide Network; and

•

 The need to comply with a broader array of regulatory and licensing requirements, the failure of which could result in fines, penalties or business
suspensions. 

We may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel, including members of our sales force and
technology team, which could impact the quality of our performance and customer satisfaction. 

Our success and
financial results depend on our continuing ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified personnel at all levels and to appropriately use the time and resources of such individuals. This includes members of our sales force on whom we rely
for generating the vast majority of our revenue, and members of our technology team on whom we rely to continually maintain and upgrade all of our technology operations and to maintain and develop our products. Competition for these individuals is
intense, and we may not be able to retain our key personnel or key members of our sales or technology teams, or attract, assimilate or retain other highly-qualified individuals in the future. We have from time-to-time experienced, and we expect to
continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees, including members of our sales force and technology team, who have appropriate qualifications. 

18 

Table of Contents

We may be unable to reduce our expense base through our Financial Flexibility, and the related
reinvestments from savings from this program may not produce the level of desired revenue growth which would materially adversely affect our business and financial results. 

Successful execution of our strategy includes reducing our expense base through our Financial Flexibility initiatives, and reallocating
our expense base reductions into initiatives to produce our desired revenue growth. The success of this program may be affected by: 

•

 Our ability to continually adapt and improve our organizational design and efficiency to meet the changing needs of our business and our customers;

•

 Our ability to implement the actions required under this program within the established time frame; 

•

 Our ability to implement actions that require process or technology changes to reduce our expense base; 

•

 Our ability to enter into or amend agreements with third-party vendors to obtain terms beneficial to us; 

•

 Managing third-party vendor relationships effectively; 

•

 Completing agreements with our local works councils and trade unions related to potential reengineering actions in certain International markets; and

•

 Maintaining quality around key business processes utilizing our reduced and/or outsourced resources. 

If we fail to reduce our expense base, or if we do not achieve our desired level of revenue growth from new initiatives, our business and
financial results would be materially adversely affected. 

We are involved in legal proceedings that could have a material adverse
impact on us. 

We are involved in legal proceedings, claims and litigations that arise in the ordinary course of
business. As discussed in greater detail under “Note 13. Contingencies” in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, certain of these matters could materially
adversely affect our business and financial results.