Our business model is dependent upon third parties to provide data and certain operational services, the loss of which would materially impact our business and financial results. 

We rely significantly on third parties to support our business model. For example: 

•

 We obtain much of the data that we use from third parties, including public record sources; 

•

 We utilize single source providers in certain countries that support the needs of our customers around the globe and rely on members of our D&B
Worldwide Network to provide local data in countries in which we do not directly operate; 

11 

Table of Contents

•

 We have also outsourced certain portions of our data acquisition, processing and delivery and customer service processes; and

•

 We have outsourced various functions, such as our technology help desk and network management functions in the U.S. and the UK.

If one or more data providers were to experience financial or operational difficulties or were to withdraw
their data, cease making it available, be unable to make it available due to changing industry standards, substantially increase the cost of their data, not adhere to our data quality standards, or be acquired by a competitor who would cause this to
occur, our ability to provide solutions and services to our customers could be materially adversely impacted, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. Similarly, if one of our outsource providers, including
third parties with whom we have strategic relationships, were to experience financial or operational difficulties, their services to us would suffer or they may no longer be able to provide services to us at all, having a material adverse effect on
our business and financial results. We cannot be certain that we could replace our large third-party vendors in a timely manner or on terms commercially reasonable to us. In addition, if we change a significant outsource provider, an existing
provider makes significant changes to the way they conduct their operations, or we seek to bring in-house certain services performed today by third parties, we may experience unexpected disruptions in the provision of our solutions, which could have
a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

Our business performance is dependent upon successful implementation
and the ongoing operation of our recently announced two-year Strategic Technology Initiative, the failure of which could materially impact our business and financial results. 

In February 2010, we announced an approximately two-year strategic technology initiative to be implemented at an aggregate cost of
approximately $110 million to $130 million. We will rely in part on third-party providers to implement a new data supply chain and update our technology infrastructure and to thereafter run such operations both within D&B and
from their own remote locations. We have started the detailed planning of this initiative and upon completion we expect that it will: 

•

 Simplify and re-architect our data supply chain in order to, among other things, supply intra-day updates; 

•

 Create a services layer to optimize access to our data for customers and third parties; 

•

 Consolidate our legacy products to provide fewer more impactful applications for customers; 

•

 Accelerate revenue growth in our North America segment upon the completion of the initiative; and 

•

 Significantly reduce our technology costs upon completion of the initiative. 

In the event we fail to successfully develop the plan, and execute on the initiative, including hiring and
retaining appropriate technology personnel, engage and manage third parties, re-architect our data supply chain, and simplify our product portfolio while migrating our customers to new products, and maintain
such data and technology operations on an ongoing basis, we will not achieve our expected revenue acceleration or growth, or the anticipated cost savings from this initiative, and we could experience a significant competitive disadvantage
in the marketplace, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

We face competition that may
cause price reductions or loss of market share. 

We are subject to competitive conditions in all aspects of our
business. We compete directly with a broad range of companies offering business information services to customers. We also face competition from: 

•

 The in-house operations of the businesses we seek as customers; 

•

 Other general and specialized credit reporting and other business information services; and 

•

 Credit insurers. 

12 

Table of Contents

In addition, business information solutions and services are becoming more readily
available, principally due to the expansion of the Internet, greater availability of public data and the emergence of new providers of business information solutions and services. Large Internet search engine companies can provide low-cost
alternatives to data gathering and change how our customers perform key activities such as marketing campaigns. Such companies, and other third parties which may not be readily apparent today, may become significant low-cost competitors and
adversely impact the demand for our solutions and services. 

Weak economic conditions also can result in customers seeking to
utilize free or lower-cost information that is available from alternative sources such as the Internet and European Commission-sponsored projects like the European Business Register. Intense competition could harm us by causing, among other things,
price reductions, reduced gross margins and loss of market share. 

We are facing competition outside the U.S., and our
competitors could develop an alternative to our D&B Worldwide Network. 

We are also facing competition from consumer
credit companies that offer consumer information solutions to help their customers make credit decisions regarding small businesses. In addition, consumer information companies are seeking to expand their operations more broadly into aspects of the
business information space. While their presence is currently small in the business information market, given the size of the consumer market in which they play, they have scale advantages in terms of scope of operations and size of relationship
with customers, which they can potentially leverage to an advantage. 

Our ability to continue to compete effectively will be
based upon a number of factors, including our ability to: 

•

 Communicate and demonstrate to our customers the value of our products and services based upon our proprietary DUNSRight Quality Process and, as a
result, improve customer satisfaction; 

•

 Maintain and develop proprietary information and services such as analytics (e.g., scoring), and sources of data not publicly available, such as
detailed trade data; 

•

 Demonstrate value through our decision-making tools and integration capabilities; 

•

 Leverage our brand perception and the value of our D&B Worldwide Network; 

•

 Continue to implement the Financial Flexibility component of our strategy and effectively reallocate our spending; 

•

 Obtain and deliver reliable and high-quality business information through various media and distribution channels in formats tailored to customer
requirements; 

•

 Adopt and maintain an effective information technology infrastructure to support product delivery as customer needs and preferences change and
competitors offer more sophisticated products; 

•

 Attract and retain a high-performance workforce; 

•

 Enhance our existing services and introduce new services; and 

•

 Improve our International business model and data quality through the successful management in our International segment of the members of our D&B
Worldwide Network. 

Our business performance might not be sufficient for us to meet the full-year financial guidance
that we provide publicly. 

We provide full-year financial guidance to the public which is based upon our assumptions
regarding our expected financial performance. This includes, for example, assumptions regarding our ability to grow revenue, to grow operating income, to achieve desired tax rates and to generate cash. We believe that our financial

13 

Table of Contents

guidance provides investors and analysts with a better understanding of our view of our near-term financial performance. Such financial guidance may not always be accurate, due to our
inability to meet the assumptions we make and the impact on our financial performance that could occur as a result of the various risks and uncertainties to our business as set forth in these risk factors and in our public filings with the SEC or
otherwise. If we fail to meet the full-year financial guidance that we provide or if we find it necessary to revise such guidance as we conduct our operations throughout the year, the market value of our common stock could be materially
adversely affected. 

We may lose key business assets or suffer interruptions in product delivery, including loss of data center capacity
or the interruption of telecommunications links, the Internet, or power sources which could significantly impede our ability to do business. 

Our operations depend on our ability, as well as that of third-party service providers to whom we have outsourced several critical functions, to protect data centers and related technology against damage
from hardware failure, fire, power loss, telecommunications failure, impacts of terrorism, breaches in security (such as the actions of computer hackers), natural disasters, or other disasters. The online services we provide are dependent on links
to telecommunications providers. In addition, we generate a significant amount of our revenue through telesales centers and Internet sites that we use in the acquisition of new customers, fulfillment of solutions and services and responding to
customer inquiries. We may not have sufficient redundant operations or change management processes in connection with our introduction of new online products or services to prevent a loss or failure in all of these areas in a timely manner. Any
damage to our data centers, failure of our telecommunications links or inability to access these telesales centers or Internet sites could cause interruptions in operations that adversely affect our ability to meet customers’ requirements and
materially adversely affect our business and financial results. 

A failure in the integrity of our database could harm our brand and
result in a loss of sales and an increase in legal claims. 

The reliability of our solutions is dependent upon the
integrity of the data in our global database. We have in the past been subject to customer and third-party complaints and lawsuits regarding our data, which have occasionally been resolved by the payment of money damages. A failure in the integrity
of our database, whether inadvertently or through the actions of a third party, which may be on the rise, could harm us by exposing us to customer or third-party claims or by causing a loss of customer confidence in our solutions. In addition, we
must continue to invest in our database to improve and maintain the quality, timeliness and coverage of the data contained therein if we are to maintain our competitive positioning in the marketplace. 

Also, we have licensed, and we may license in the future, proprietary rights to third parties. While we attempt to ensure that the quality
of our brand is maintained by the third parties to whom we grant non-exclusive licenses and by customers, they may take actions that could materially adversely affect the value of our proprietary rights or our reputation. In addition, it cannot be
assured that these licensees and customers will take the same steps we have taken to prevent misappropriation of our data solutions or technologies. 

Our brand and reputation are key assets and competitive advantages of our Company and our business may be affected by how we are perceived in the marketplace. 

Our brand and its attributes are key assets of the Company. Our ability to attract and retain customers is highly dependent upon the external
perceptions of our level of data quality, business practices and overall financial condition. Negative perceptions or publicity regarding these matters could damage our reputation with customers and the public, which could make it difficult for us
to attract and maintain customers. Adverse developments with respect to our industry may also, by association, negatively impact our reputation, or result in higher regulatory or legislative scrutiny. Although we monitor developments for areas of
potential risk to our reputation and brand, negative perceptions or publicity could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

14 

Table of Contents

We rely on annual contract renewals for a substantial part of our revenue, and our quarterly results
may be significantly impacted by the timing of these renewals or a shift in product mix that results in a change in the timing of revenue recognition. 

We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from annual customer contracts. If we are unable to renew a significant number of these contracts, our revenue and results of operations would be harmed. In
addition, our results of operations from period-to-period may vary due to the timing of customer contract renewals. As contracts are renewed, we have, and may continue to experience, a shift in product mix underlying such contracts. This could
result in the deferral of increased amounts of revenue into future periods as a larger portion of revenue is recognized over the term of our contracts rather than upfront at contract signing. Although this may cause our financial results from
period-to-period to vary substantially, such change in revenue recognition will not change the total revenue recognized over the life of our contracts. 

We may be adversely affected by the current economic environment. 

As a result of the macro-economic challenges currently affecting the economy of the United States and other parts of the world, our customers or vendors may experience problems with their earnings, cash flow, or both. This may
cause our customers to delay, cancel or significantly decrease their purchases from us, and we may experience delays in payment or their inability to pay amounts owed to us. In addition, our vendors may
substantially increase their prices without notice. Any such change in the behavior of our customers or vendors may materially adversely affect our earnings and cash flow. If economic conditions in the United States and other key
markets deteriorate further or do not show improvement, we may experience material adverse impacts to our business, operating results, and/or access to credit markets. 

Changes in the legislative, regulatory and commercial environments in which we operate may adversely impact our ability to collect, manage, aggregate and use data and may impact our financial
results. 

Certain types of information we gather, compile and publish are subject to regulation by governmental
authorities in certain markets in which we operate, particularly in our international markets. In addition, there is increasing awareness and concern among the general public and companies regarding marketing and privacy matters, particularly as
they relate to individual privacy interests and the ubiquity of the Internet. These concerns may result in new laws and regulations. In general, compliance with existing laws and regulations has not to date materially impacted our business and
financial results. Nonetheless, future laws and regulations with respect to the collection, management and use of information, and adverse publicity or litigation concerning the commercial use of such information could result in limitations being
imposed on our operations, increased compliance or litigation expense and/or loss of revenue, which could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

In addition, governmental agencies may seek, from time-to-time, to increase the fees or taxes that we must pay to acquire, use and/or
redistribute data that such governmental agencies collect. While we would seek to pass along any such price increases to our customers or provide alternative services, there is no guarantee that we would be able to do so, given competitive pressures
or other considerations. In addition, any such price increases or alternative services may result in reduced usage by our customers and/or loss of market share. 

We may be unable to adapt successfully to changes in our customers’ preferences for our solutions, which could materially adversely affect our revenues. 

Our success depends in part on our ability to adapt our solutions to our customers’ preferences. Advances in information technology and
uncertain or changing economic conditions are changing the way our customers use and purchase business information. As a result, our customers are demanding both lower prices and more features from our solutions, such as decision-making tools like
credit scores and electronic delivery formats. If we do not successfully adapt our solutions to our customers’ preferences, our business and financial results

15 

Table of Contents

would be materially adversely affected. Specifically, for our larger customers, our continued success will be dependent on our ability to satisfy more of their needs by providing solutions beyond
data, such as enhanced analytics and assisting with their data integration efforts. For our smaller customers, our success will depend in part on our ability to develop a strong value proposition, including simplifying our solutions and pricing
offerings, to enhance our marketing efforts to these customers and to improve our service to them. 

To address customer needs
for pricing certainty and increased access to our solutions, we provide subscription pricing plans through our Preferred Pricing Agreement and our Preferred Pricing Agreement with DNBi. These subscription pricing plans provide expanded access to our
Risk Management Solutions in a way that provides more certainty over related costs to the customer, which, in turn, generally results in customers increasing their spend on our solutions. These plans have been an important driver of our growth from
inception in 2005 to date. Our success moving forward is dependent, in part, on the continued penetration of these offerings and the successful rollout of similar programs in various markets around the world. Similarly, our continued success is
dependent on customers’ acceptance of our DNBi offering. 

Acquisitions, joint ventures or similar strategic relationships may
disrupt or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business and financial results. 

As part of our strategy, we
may seek to acquire other complementary businesses, products and technologies or enter into joint ventures or similar strategic relationships. These transactions are subject to the following risks: 

•

 Acquisitions, joint ventures or similar relationships may cause a disruption in our ongoing business, distract our management and make it difficult to
maintain our standards, controls and procedures; 

•

 We may not be able to integrate successfully the services, content, products and personnel of any such transaction into our operations;

•

 We may not derive the revenue improvements, cost savings and other intended benefits of any such transaction; and 

•

 Risks, exposures and liabilities of acquired entities or other third parties with whom we undertake a transaction, that arise from such third
parties’ activities prior to undertaking a transaction with us. 

We have no direct management control over
third-party members of the D&B Worldwide Network who conduct business under the D&B brand name in local markets. 

The D&B Worldwide Network is comprised of wholly-owned subsidiaries, joint ventures that we either control or hold a minority interest in, and third-party members who conduct business under the D&B brand name in local markets. While
third-party member participation in the D&B Worldwide Network is controlled by commercial services agreements and the use of our trademarks is controlled by license agreements, we have no direct management control over these members beyond the
terms of the agreements. As a result, actions or inactions taken by these third-party members may have a material impact on our business and financial results. For example, one or more third-party members may: 

•

 Provide a product or service that does not adhere to our data quality standards; 

•

 Fail to comply with D&B brand and communication standards; 

•

 Engage in illegal or unethical business practices; 

•

 Elect not to support new or revised products and services or other strategic initiatives; or 

•

 Fail to execute other data or distribution contract requirements. 

Such actions or inactions may have an impact on customer confidence in the D&B brand globally, which could materially adversely impact
our business and financial results. 

16 

Table of Contents

We may not be able to attract and retain qualified personnel, including members of our sales force and
technology team, which could impact the quality of our performance and customer satisfaction. 

Our success and
financial results also depend on our continuing ability to attract, retain and motivate highly qualified personnel at all levels. This includes members of our sales force on whom we rely for the vast majority of our revenue, and members of our
technology team on whom we rely to continually maintain and upgrade all of our technology operations and maintain and develop our products, and to appropriately use the time and resources of such individuals. Competition for these individuals is
intense, and we may not be able to retain our key personnel or key members of our sales or technology teams, or attract, assimilate or retain other highly qualified individuals in the future. We have from time-to-time experienced, and we expect to
continue to experience, difficulty in hiring and retaining employees, including members of our sales force and technology team, with appropriate qualifications. 

Our operations in the International segment are subject to various risks associated with operations in foreign countries, which could materially adversely affect our business and financial results.

Our success depends in part on our various operations outside North America. For the three years ended
December 31, 2009, 2008 and 2007, our International segment accounted for 22%, 21% and 19% of total revenue, respectively. Our International business is subject to many challenges, the most significant being: 

•

 Our competition is primarily local, and our customers may have greater loyalty to our local competitors who may have a competitive advantage with us
because they are not restricted by U.S. laws with which we require our International segment to comply, such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; 

•

 Credit insurance is a significant credit risk mitigation tool in certain markets, thus reducing the demand for our Risk Management Solutions; and

•

 In some markets, key data elements are generally available from public-sector sources, thus reducing a customer’s need to purchase our data.

Our International strategy includes the leveraging of our D&B Worldwide Network to improve our data
quality. We form and manage these strategic alliances to create a competitive advantage for us over the long term; however, these strategic relationships may not be successful or may be subject to ownership change. 

The issue of data privacy is an increasingly important area of public policy in various International markets, and we operate in an evolving
regulatory environment that could adversely impact aspects of our business or the business of third parties on whom we depend. 

Our operating results could also be negatively affected by a variety of other factors affecting our foreign operations, many of which are beyond our control. These factors may include currency fluctuations, economic, political or regulatory
conditions, competition from government agencies in a specific country or region, trade protection measures and other regulatory requirements. Additional risks inherent in International business activities generally include, among others:

•

 Longer accounts receivable payment cycles; 

•

 The costs and difficulties of managing International operations and strategic alliances, including the D&B Worldwide Network; and

•

 The need to comply with a broader array of regulatory and licensing requirements, the failure of which could result in fines, penalties or business
suspensions. 

17 

Table of Contents

We may be unable to reduce our expense base through our Financial Flexibility, and the related
reinvestments from savings from this program may not produce the level of desired revenue growth which would materially adversely affect our business and financial results. 

Successful execution of our strategy includes reducing our expense base through our Financial Flexibility initiatives, and reallocating our
expense base reductions into initiatives to produce our desired revenue growth. The success of this program may be affected by: 

•

 Our ability to continually adapt and improve our organizational design and efficiency to meet the changing needs of our business and our customers;

•

 Our ability to implement all of the actions required under this program within the established time frame; 

•

 Our ability to implement actions that require process or technology changes to reduce our expense base; 

•

 Entering into or amending agreements with third-party vendors to renegotiate terms beneficial to us; 

•

 Managing third-party vendor relationships effectively; 

•

 Completing agreements with our local works councils and trade unions related to potential reengineering actions in certain International markets; and

•

 Maintaining quality around key business processes utilizing our reduced and/or outsourced resources. 

If we fail to reduce our expense base, or if we do not achieve our desired level of revenue growth from new initiatives, our business and
financial results would be materially adversely affected. 

We are involved in tax and legal proceedings that could have a material
adverse impact on us. 

We are involved in tax and legal proceedings, claims and litigations that arise in the ordinary
course of business. As discussed in greater detail under “Note 13. Contingencies” in “Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements” in Part II, Item 8. of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, certain of these
matters could materially adversely affect our business and financial results.