Risks Related To Our Business

Our production will decline if our access to sufficient amounts of carbon dioxide is limited.

     Our current long-term growth strategy is focused on our CO2 tertiary recovery
operations, and we expect approximately 90% of our 2009 capital expenditures to be in this area.
The crude oil production from our tertiary recovery projects depends on having access to sufficient
amounts of carbon dioxide. Our ability to produce this oil would be hindered if our supply of
carbon dioxide were limited due to problems with our current CO
2 producing wells and
facilities, including compression equipment, or catastrophic pipeline failure. Our anticipated
future crude oil production is also dependent on our ability to increase the production volumes of
CO
2 and inject adequate amounts of CO
2 into the proper formation and area
within each oil field. The production of crude oil from tertiary operations is highly dependent on
the timing, volumes and location of the CO
2 injections. If our crude oil production
were to decline, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

Oil and natural gas prices are volatile. A substantial decrease in oil and natural gas prices
could adversely affect our financial results.

     Our future financial condition, results of operations and the carrying value of our oil and
natural gas properties depend primarily upon the prices we receive for our oil and natural gas
production. Oil and natural gas prices historically have been volatile, have been particularly
volatile over the last six months, and likely will continue to be volatile in the future,
especially given current world geopolitical conditions. As a result of the low oil and natural gas
prices at December 31, 2008, we recorded a $226.0 million full cost ceiling test write-down.
Subsequent to December 31, 2008, oil and natural gas prices have continued their volatility and are
currently at levels lower than at year-end 2008. If oil and natural gas prices remain at these
lower levels through March 31, 2009, or subsequent periods, we may be required to record additional
full cost ceiling test write-downs in the first quarter of 2009, or in subsequent periods. The
amount of any future write-down is difficult to predict and will depend upon the oil and natural
gas prices at the end of each period, the incremental proved reserves that might be added during
each period and additional capital spent.

     Our cash flow from operations is highly dependent on the prices that we receive for oil and
natural gas. This price volatility also affects the amount of our cash flow available for capital
expenditures and our ability to borrow money or raise additional capital. The amount we can borrow
or have outstanding under our bank credit facility is subject to semi-annual redeterminations. Oil
prices are likely to affect us more than natural gas prices because approximately 72% of our
December 31, 2008 proved reserves are oil, with oil being an even larger percentage of our future
potential reserves and projects due to our focus on tertiary operations. The prices for oil and
natural gas are subject to a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control. These
factors include:

•

the level of consumer demand for oil and natural gas;

•

the domestic and foreign supply of oil and natural gas;

•

the ability of the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries
(“OPEC”) to agree to and maintain oil price and production controls;

•

the price of foreign oil and natural gas;

•

domestic governmental regulations and taxes;

22

Table of Contents

 Denbury Resources Inc.

•

the price and availability of alternative fuel sources;

•

weather conditions, including hurricanes and tropical storms in and around the Gulf
of Mexico;

•

market uncertainty;

•

political conditions in oil and natural gas producing regions, including the Middle
East; and

•

worldwide economic conditions.

     These factors and the volatility of the energy markets generally make it extremely difficult
to predict future oil and natural gas price movements. Also, oil and natural gas prices do not
necessarily move in tandem. Declines in oil and natural gas prices would not only reduce revenue,
but could reduce the amount of oil and natural gas that we can produce economically and, as a
result, could have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition, results of operations,
oil and natural gas reserves and the carrying values of our oil and natural gas properties. If the
oil and natural gas industry experiences significant price declines, we may, among other things, be
unable to meet our financial obligations or make planned expenditures.

     Since the end of 1998, oil prices have gone from near historic low prices to historic highs.
At the end of 1998, NYMEX oil prices were at historic lows of approximately $12.00 per Bbl, but
have generally increased since that time until mid-2008, albeit with fluctuations. For 2008, NYMEX
oil prices increases throughout the first six months, averaging approximately $111.03 per Bbl for
the first six months of 2008. During the last half of 2008, oil prices declined substantially,
ending the year at a NYMEX price of $44.60 per Bbl. Since we have acquired oil commodity
derivative contracts with a NYMEX floor price of $75 per barrel covering approximately 80% of our
2009 forecasted oil production, we are relatively insensitive to lower oil prices during 2009. We
currently do not have any oil or natural gas commodity derivative contracts in place for subsequent
years, and therefore oil prices could decline to a level that makes our tertiary projects uneconomic. If that were to happen,
we may decide to suspend future expansion projects and if prices were to drop below the cash break-
even point for an extended period of time, we may decide to shut-in existing production, either of
which would have a material adverse effect on our operations. Since our operating costs have not
decreased as quickly as commodity prices, it is difficult to determine a precise break-even point
for our tertiary projects. Based on prior history, we estimate that our economic break-even point
for these types of projects would approximate per barrel dollar costs in the range of the
mid-twenties, and our operating cash break-even point would be
between $15 and $20 of cost per
barrel if commodity prices remain at current levels for sustained periods.

     The prices we receive for our crude oil do not always correlate with NYMEX prices. Our
NYMEX differentials over the last few years have ranged from a low of approximately $1.50 per Bbl
to a high of almost $10.00 per Bbl. These variances have been due to various factors and are
difficult to forecast or anticipate but have a direct impact on the net oil price we receive.

     Natural gas prices have also experienced volatility during the last few years. During 1999,
natural gas prices averaged approximately $2.35 per Mcf and, like crude oil, have generally trended
upward since that time, although with significant fluctuations along the way. NYMEX natural gas
prices averaged $6.97 per MMBtu during 2006, $7.09 per MMBtu during
2007, and $8.89 per MMBtu
during 2008, and ended 2008 at $5.62 per MMBtu.

The current financial crisis may have effects on our liquidity, business and financial condition
that we cannot predict.

     Liquidity is essential to our business. Our liquidity could be substantially negatively
affected by an inability to raise funding in the long-term or short-term debt capital markets or
equity capital markets or an inability to access bank financing. The continued credit crisis and
related turmoil in the global financial system is likely to continue to materially affect our
liquidity, business and our financial condition. Our ability to access the capital markets has
been restricted as a result of this crisis and may be restricted in the future when we would like,
or need, to raise capital. The economic situation could also adversely affect the collectability
of our trade receivables or performance by our suppliers and cause our commodity hedging
arrangements to be ineffective if our counterparties are unable to perform their obligations or
seek bankruptcy protection. Additionally, the current economic situation could lead to reduced
demand for oil and gas, or lower prices for oil and gas, or both, which could have a negative
impact on our revenues.

23

Table of Contents

 Denbury Resources Inc.

Our level of indebtedness may adversely affect operations and limit our growth.

     As of February 27, 2009, we had outstanding $525 million (principal amount) of 7.5%
subordinated notes, $420 million (principal amount) of 9.75% Senior Subordinated Notes, and $60
million of bank debt. At that time, we had approximately $690 million available on our bank credit
line. We currently have a bank borrowing base of $1.0 billion, with a commitment amount of $750
million. The borrowing base represents the amount that can be borrowed from a credit standpoint,
while the commitment amount is the amount the banks have committed to fund pursuant to the terms of
the credit agreement. The next semi-annual redetermination of the borrowing base for our bank
credit facility will be on April 1, 2009. Our bank borrowing base is adjusted at the banks’
discretion and is based in part upon external factors, such as commodity prices, over which we have
no control. If our then redetermined borrowing base is less than our outstanding borrowings under
the facility, we will be required to repay the deficit over a period of six months.

     We may incur additional indebtedness in the future under our bank credit facility in
connection with our acquisition, development, exploitation and exploration of oil and natural gas
producing properties as our projected 2009 capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions, are
between $200 million and $300 million higher than our projected 2009 cash flow from operations. Further,
our cash flow from operations is highly dependent on the prices that we receive for oil and natural
gas, which in the latter part of 2008, declined significantly. If oil and natural gas prices remain
depressed for an extended period of time, our degree of leverage could increase substantially. The
level of our indebtedness could have important consequences, including but not limited to the
following:

•

a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations may be dedicated to
servicing our indebtedness and would not be available for other purposes;

•

as a result of the discretionary nature of the setting of our bank borrowing base
and its being highly dependent on current commodity prices, if commodity prices were to
further decrease, our banks could reduce our borrowing base so that we could not borrow
additional funds or to a level below our outstanding debt that would require us to
repay any deficit (between the borrowing base and the outstanding bank debt) over a six
month period;

•

our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to enable us to
continue to meet our obligations under our indebtedness;

•

our level of indebtedness may impair our ability to obtain additional financing in
the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or general corporate
and other purposes;

•

our interest expense may increase in the event of increases in interest rates,
because certain of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest;

•

our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions may be greater
as a result of our level of indebtedness, potentially restricting us from making
acquisitions, introducing new technologies or exploiting business opportunities;

•

our ability to borrow additional funds, dispose of assets, pay dividends and make
certain investments may be limited by the covenants contained in the agreements
governing our outstanding indebtedness limit; and

•

our debt covenants may also affect our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to,
changes in the economy and in our industry. Our failure to comply with such covenants
could result in an event of default under such debt instruments which, if not cured or
waived, could have a material adverse effect on us.

     If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or otherwise obtain funds necessary to make
required payments on our indebtedness or if we otherwise fail to comply with the various covenants
in such indebtedness, including covenants in our bank credit facility, we would be in default. This
default would permit the holders of such indebtedness to accelerate the maturity of such
indebtedness and could cause defaults under other indebtedness, including the subordinated notes,
or result in our bankruptcy. Our ability to meet our obligations will depend upon our future
performance, which will be subject to prevailing economic conditions and to financial, business and
other factors, including factors beyond our control.

24

Table of Contents

 Denbury Resources Inc.

Product price derivative contracts may expose us to potential financial loss.

     To reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the prices of oil and natural gas, we currently and
may in the future enter into derivative contracts in order to economically hedge a portion of our
oil and natural gas production. Derivative contracts expose us to risk of financial loss in some
circumstances, including when:

•

production is less than expected;

•

the counter-party to the derivative contract defaults on its contract obligations;
or

•

there is a change in the expected differential between the underlying price in the
hedging agreement and actual prices received.

     In addition, these derivative contracts may limit the benefit we would receive from increases
in the prices for oil and natural gas. Information as to these activities is set forth under
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Market
Risk Management,” and in Note 10, “Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities,” to the
Consolidated Financial Statements.

Our future performance depends upon our ability to find or acquire additional oil and natural gas
reserves that are economically recoverable.

     Unless we can successfully replace the reserves that we produce, our reserves will decline,
resulting eventually in a decrease in oil and natural gas production and lower revenues and cash
flows from operations. We have historically replaced reserves through both drilling and acquisitions. In the future, we
may not be able to continue to replace reserves at acceptable costs. The business of exploring for,
developing or acquiring reserves is capital intensive. We may not be able to make the necessary
capital investment to maintain or expand our oil and natural gas reserves if our cash flows from
operations are reduced, due to lower oil or natural gas prices or otherwise, or if external sources
of capital become limited or unavailable. Further, the process of using CO2 for tertiary
recovery and the related infrastructure requires significant capital investment, often one to two
years prior to any resulting production and cash flows from these projects, heightening potential
capital constraints. If we do not continue to make significant capital expenditures, or if outside
capital resources become limited, we may not be able to maintain our growth rate or meet
expectations. In addition, certain of our drilling activities are subject to numerous risks,
including the risk that no commercially productive oil or natural gas reserves will be encountered.
Exploratory drilling involves more risk than development drilling because exploratory drilling is
designed to test formations for which proved reserves have not been discovered.

     In January 2006, we purchased three oil fields for $250 million that we believe have
significant potential oil reserves that can be recovered through the use of tertiary flooding:
Tinsley Field approximately 40 miles northwest of Jackson, Mississippi; Citronelle Field in
Southwest Alabama, and the smaller South Cypress Creek Field near our Eucutta Field in Eastern
Mississippi. These three fields produced approximately 3,926 BOE/d net to the acquired interests
during the fourth quarter of 2008, and have proved reserves of approximately 42.8 MMBOEs as of
December 31, 2008. During 2008, we recognized approximately 34.8 MMBOE of proven tertiary reserves
at Tinsley Field, but have yet to recognize any tertiary oil reserves at Citronelle or South
Cypress Creek Fields. In February 2009, we closed on the acquisition of Hastings field located
near Houston, Texas. Hastings is also a potential tertiary oil field and it will be supplied
CO2 by the Green Pipeline, which is currently under construction. The purchase price,
including option payments, was approximately $250 million. We purchased these fields because we
believe that they have significant additional potential through tertiary flooding and we paid a
premium price for these properties based on that assumption. In addition to these specific
acquisitions, we have, and plan to continue, acquiring other old oil fields that we believe are
tertiary flood candidates, likely at a premium price. We are investing significant amounts of
capital as part of this strategy. If we are unable to successfully develop the potential oil in
these acquired fields, it would negatively affect the return on our investment on these
acquisitions and could severely reduce our ability to obtain additional capital for the future,
fund future acquisitions, and negatively affect our financial results to a significant degree.

     We face competition from other oil and natural gas companies in all aspects of our business,
including acquisition of producing properties and oil and gas leases. Many of our competitors have
substantially larger financial and other resources. Other factors that affect our ability to
acquire producing properties include available

25

Table of Contents

 Denbury Resources Inc.

funds, available information about prospective properties and our standards established for minimum projected return on investment.

Oil and natural gas drilling and producing operations involve various risks.

     Drilling activities are subject to many risks, including the risk that no commercially
productive reservoirs will be discovered. There can be no assurance that new wells drilled by us
will be productive or that we will recover all or any portion of our investment in such wells.
Drilling for oil and natural gas may involve unprofitable efforts, not only from dry wells but also
from wells that are productive but do not produce sufficient net reserves to return a profit after
deducting drilling, operating and other costs. The seismic data and other technologies used by us
do not provide conclusive knowledge, prior to drilling a well, that oil or natural gas is present
or may be produced economically. The cost of drilling, completing and operating a well is often
uncertain, and cost factors can adversely affect the economics of a project. Further, our drilling
operations may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of numerous factors, including:

•

unexpected drilling conditions;

•

title problems;

•

pressure or irregularities in formations;

•

equipment failures or accidents;

•

adverse weather conditions, including hurricanes and tropical storms in and around
the Gulf of Mexico that can damage oil and natural gas facilities and delivering
systems and disrupt operations;

•

compliance with environmental and other governmental requirements; and

•

cost of, or shortages or delays in the availability of, drilling rigs, equipment and
services.

     Our operations are subject to all the risks normally incident to the operation and development
of oil and natural gas properties and the drilling of oil and natural gas wells, including
encountering well blowouts, cratering and explosions, pipe failure, fires, formations with abnormal
pressures, uncontrollable flows of oil, natural gas, brine or well fluids, release of contaminants
into the environment and other environmental hazards and risks.

     The nature of these risks is such that some liabilities could exceed our insurance policy
limits, or, as in the case of environmental fines and penalties, cannot be insured. We could incur
significant costs, related to these risks that could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

     Our CO2 tertiary recovery projects require a significant amount of electricity to
operate the facilities. If these costs were to increase significantly, it could have an adverse
effect upon the profitability of these operations.

We depend on our key personnel.

     We believe our continued success depends on the collective abilities and efforts of our senior
management. The loss of one or more key personnel could have a material adverse effect on our
results of operations. We do not have any employment agreements and do not maintain any key man
life insurance policies. Additionally, if we are unable to find, hire and retain needed key
personnel in the future, our results of operations could be materially and adversely affected.

Shortages of oil field equipment, services and qualified personnel could reduce our cash flow and
adversely affect results of operations.

     The demand for qualified and experienced field personnel to drill wells and conduct field
operations, geologists, geophysicists, engineers and other professionals in the oil and natural gas
industry can fluctuate significantly, often in correlation with oil and natural gas prices, causing
periodic shortages. Due to the recent record high oil and gas prices, we have experienced
shortages of equipment used in our tertiary facilities, drilling rigs and other equipment, as
demand for rigs and equipment has increased along with higher commodity prices. Higher oil and
natural gas prices generally stimulate increased demand and result in increased prices for drilling
rigs, crews and associated supplies, oilfield equipment and services and personnel in our
exploration and production

26

Table of Contents

 Denbury Resources Inc.

operations. These types of shortages or price increases could significantly decrease our profit margin, cash flow and operating results and/or restrict or delay
our ability to drill those wells and conduct those operations that we currently have planned and
budgeted, causing us to miss our forecasts and projections.

The loss of more than one of our large oil and natural gas purchasers could have a material adverse
effect on our operations.

     For the year ended December 31, 2008, three purchasers each accounted for more than 10% of our
oil and natural gas revenues and in the aggregate, for 83% of these revenues. We would not expect
the loss of any single purchaser to have a material adverse effect upon our operations. However,
the loss of a large single purchaser could potentially reduce the competition for our oil and
natural gas production, which in turn could negatively impact the prices we receive.

Estimating
our reserves, production and future net cash flows is difficult to do with any certainty.

     Estimating quantities of proved oil and natural gas reserves is a complex process. It
requires interpretations of available technical data and various assumptions, including assumptions
relating to economic factors, such as future commodity prices, production costs, severance and
excise taxes, capital expenditures and workover and remedial costs, and the assumed effect of
governmental regulation. There are numerous uncertainties about when a property may have proved
reserves as compared to potential or probable reserves, particularly relating to our tertiary
recovery operations. Forecasting the amount of oil reserves recoverable from tertiary operations
and the production rates anticipated therefrom requires estimates, one of the most significant
being the oil recovery factor. Actual results most likely will vary from our estimates. Also, the
use of a 10% discount factor for reporting purposes, as prescribed by the SEC, may not necessarily
represent the most appropriate discount factor, given actual interest rates and risks to which our business or the oil and natural gas industry in general are subject.
Any significant inaccuracies in these interpretations or assumptions or changes of conditions could
result in a reduction of the quantities and net present value of our reserves.

     Quantities of proved reserves are estimated based on economic conditions, including oil and
natural gas prices in existence at the date of assessment. Our reserves and future cash flows may
be subject to revisions based upon changes in economic conditions, including oil and natural gas
prices, as well as due to production results, results of future development, operating and
development costs and other factors. Downward revisions of our reserves could have an adverse
effect on our financial condition, operating results and cash flows.

     The reserve data included in documents incorporated by reference represent only estimates. In
accordance with requirements of the SEC, the estimates of present values are based on prices and
costs as of the date of the estimates. Actual future prices and costs may be materially higher or
lower than the prices and cost as of the date of the estimate.

     As of December 31, 2008, approximately 42% of our estimated proved reserves were undeveloped.
Recovery of undeveloped reserves requires significant capital expenditures and may require
successful drilling operations. The reserve data assumes that we can and will make these
expenditures and conduct these operations successfully, but these assumptions may not be accurate,
and this may not occur.

We are subject to complex federal, state and local laws and regulations, including environmental
laws, which could adversely affect our business.

     Exploration for and development, exploitation, production and sale of oil and natural gas in
the United States are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations, including
complex tax laws and environmental laws and regulations. Existing laws or regulations, as
currently interpreted or reinterpreted in the future, or future laws, regulations or incremental
taxes and fees, could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may be
required to make large expenditures to comply with environmental and other governmental
regulations.

     It is possible that new taxes on our industry could be implemented and/or tax benefits could
be eliminated or reduced, reducing our profitability and available cash flow. In addition to the
short-term negative impact on our financial results, such additional burdens, if enacted, would
reduce our funds available for reinvestment and thus ultimately reduce our growth and future oil
and natural gas production.

27

Table of Contents

 Denbury Resources Inc.

     Matters subject to regulation include oil and gas production and saltwater disposal operations
and our processing, handling and disposal of hazardous materials, such as hydrocarbons and
naturally occurring radioactive materials, discharge permits for drilling operations, spacing of
wells, environmental protection and taxation. We could incur significant costs as a result of
violations of or liabilities under environmental or other laws, including third-party claims for
personal injuries and property damage, reclamation costs, remediation and clean-up costs resulting
from oil spills and discharges of hazardous materials, fines and sanctions, and other environmental
damages.