Risks Related To Our Business

Our level of indebtedness may adversely affect operations and limit our growth.

General

     If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flow or otherwise obtain funds necessary to make
required payments on our indebtedness or if we otherwise fail to comply with the various covenants
in such indebtedness, including covenants in our senior secured credit facilities, we would be in
default under our debt instruments. This default would permit the holders of such indebtedness to accelerate the maturity of
such indebtedness and could cause defaults under other indebtedness or result in our bankruptcy.
Our ability to meet our obligations will depend upon our future performance, which will be subject
to prevailing economic conditions, commodity prices, and to financial, business and other factors,
including factors beyond our control.

Denbury Stand-Alone

     As of February 15, 2010, we had outstanding $525 million (principal amount) of 7.5%
subordinated notes, $426.4 million (principal amount) of 9.75% Senior Subordinated Notes, $1.0
billion of 8.25% Senior Subordinated Notes (held in escrow pending
completion of the Merger and tender of Encore notes), and $125 million of bank debt. At that time, we had
approximately $625 million available on our bank credit line. We currently have a bank borrowing
base of $900 million, with a commitment amount of $750 million. The borrowing base represents the
amount that can be borrowed from a credit standpoint, while the commitment amount is the amount the
banks have committed to fund pursuant to the terms of the credit agreement. The next semi-annual
redetermination of the borrowing base for our bank credit facility will be on April 1, 2010,
assuming the Merger is not completed. Our bank borrowing base is adjusted at the banks’ discretion
and is based in part upon external factors, such as commodity prices, over which we have no
control. If our then redetermined borrowing base is less than our outstanding borrowings under the
facility, we will be required to repay the deficit over a period of six months.

     We
may incur additional indebtedness in the future under our bank credit
facility (which we anticipate being a $1.6 billion facility if the
Encore Merger closes), in
connection with our acquisition, development, exploitation and exploration of oil and natural gas
producing properties. Our projected 2010 capital expenditures, excluding acquisitions and capital
expenditures related to the Encore acquisition, are expected to be
between $150 million and $250
million higher than our projected 2010 cash flow from operations. Further, our cash flow from
operations is highly dependent on the prices that we receive for oil and natural gas. If oil and
natural gas prices again decrease, and remain at depressed levels for an extended period of time,
our degree of leverage could increase substantially. The level of our indebtedness could have
important consequences, including but not limited to the following:

•

a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations may be dedicated to
servicing our indebtedness and would not be available for other purposes;

•

as a result of the discretionary nature of the setting of our bank borrowing base
and its being highly dependent on current commodity prices, if commodity prices were to
substantially decrease, our banks could reduce our borrowing base so that we could not borrow
additional funds or to a level below our outstanding debt that would require us to
repay any deficit (between the borrowing base and the outstanding
bank debt) over a four
month period;

•

our business may not generate sufficient cash flow from operations to enable us to
continue to meet our obligations under our indebtedness;

•

our level of indebtedness may impair our ability to obtain additional financing in
the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or general corporate
and other purposes;

25

Table of Contents

Denbury Resources Inc.

•

our interest expense may increase in the event of increases in interest rates,
because certain of our borrowings are at variable rates of interest;

•

our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions may be greater
as a result of our level of indebtedness, and increases in interest rates thereon,
potentially restricting us from making acquisitions, introducing new technologies or
exploiting business opportunities;

•

our ability to borrow additional funds, dispose of assets, pay dividends and make
certain investments may be limited by the covenants contained in the agreements
governing our outstanding indebtedness limit; and

•

our debt covenants may also affect our flexibility in planning for, and reacting to,
changes in the economy and in our industry. Our failure to comply with such covenants
could result in an event of default under such debt instruments which, if not cured or
waived, could have a material adverse effect on us.

Combined Company – Post Denbury/Encore Merger

     Denbury will be more leveraged after the merger than it has been historically. Upon closing of
the merger and the revolving credit facility contemplated by the merger agreement, we will have
$1.975 billion of revolving credit facilities. Borrowings under the newly committed credit facility
combined with Denbury’s existing debt, including the $1 billion of 8.25% Senior Subordinated Notes
due 2020 issued in February 2010, are expected to be
approximately $3.6 billion of total pro forma
combined long-term debt after the completion of the merger. This level of indebtedness could result
in Denbury having difficulty accessing capital markets or raising capital on favorable terms and
Denbury’s financial results could be negatively affected by its inability to raise capital or
because of the cost of such capital.

     Our substantial debt following the merger and the related financing could have important
consequences for us. For example, it could:

•

increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

•

limit our ability to fund future working capital and capital expenditures, to engage
in future acquisitions or development activities, or to otherwise realize the value of
our assets and opportunities fully because of the need to dedicate a substantial
portion of our cash flow from operations to payments on our debt or to comply with any
restrictive terms of our debt;

•

limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in the industry in
which we operate; or

•

place us at a competitive disadvantage as compared to our competitors that have less
debt.

     Realization of any of these factors could adversely affect our financial condition. In
addition, although we and Encore both have hedges in place for 2010 and 2011, these hedges have
varying floors and ceilings and will only partially protect the combined company’s cash flow. A
decline in commodity prices may require that we reduce our planned capital expenditures, which may
have a corresponding negative effect on our anticipated production growth.

Our production will decline if our access to sufficient amounts of carbon dioxide is limited.

     Our long-term growth strategy is focused on our CO2 tertiary recovery operations.
The crude oil production from our tertiary recovery projects depends on having access to sufficient
amounts of carbon dioxide. Our ability to produce this oil would be hindered if our supply of
carbon dioxide were limited due to problems with our current CO
2 producing wells and
facilities, including compression equipment, or catastrophic pipeline failure. Our anticipated
future crude oil production is also dependent on our ability to increase the production volumes of
CO
2 and inject adequate amounts of CO
2 into the proper formation and area
within each oil field. The production of crude oil from tertiary operations is highly dependent on
the timing, volumes and location of the CO
2 injections. If our crude oil production
were to decline, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows. Additionally, the production of crude oil from our planned expansion of
tertiary operations into the Rocky Mountain region depends on having access to sufficient amounts
of CO
2 in this region.
The ability to produce this oil and execute this growth strategy would be hindered if we were
unable to obtain necessary CO
2 volumes in the Rocky Mountain region at a cost that is
economically viable.

26

Table of Contents

Denbury Resources Inc.

Oil and natural gas prices are volatile. A substantial decrease in oil and natural gas prices
could adversely affect our financial results.

     Our future financial condition, results of operations and the carrying value of our oil and
natural gas properties depend primarily upon the prices we receive for our oil and natural gas
production. Oil and natural gas prices historically have been volatile, have been particularly
volatile over the last 18 months, and may continue to be volatile in the future, especially given
current world geopolitical conditions. As a result of the low oil and natural gas prices at
December 31, 2008, we recorded a $226.0 million full cost ceiling test write-down. Subsequent to
December 31, 2008, oil and natural gas prices have continued their volatility, with NYMEX oil
prices per barrel increasing 78% between year-end 2008 and year-end 2009, and NYMEX natural gas
prices per MMBtu decreasing by 3% during the year. Future decreases in commodity prices could
require us to record additional full cost ceiling test write-downs. The amount of any future
write-down is difficult to predict and will depend upon the oil and natural gas prices at the end
of each period, the incremental proved reserves that might be added during each period and
additional capital spent.

     Our cash flow from operations is highly dependent on the prices that we receive for oil and
natural gas. This price volatility also affects the amount of our cash flow available for capital
expenditures and our ability to borrow money or raise additional capital. The amount we can borrow
or have outstanding under our bank credit facility is subject to semi-annual redeterminations. Oil
prices are likely to affect us more than natural gas prices because approximately 93% of our
December 31, 2009 proved reserves are oil, prior to closing the pending Encore acquisition, with
oil being an even larger percentage of our future potential reserves and projects due to our focus
on tertiary operations.

     As part of the planned Encore acquisition (see “Item 1 – Business — Definitive Merger
Agreement to Acquire Encore Acquisition Company”), we have announced plans to sell a portion of the
acquired assets in order to reduce indebtedness incurred to finance the acquisition. If commodity
prices were to decrease from price levels that existed at the time we entered into the merger
agreement with Encore, such assets may be sold for amounts less than we effectively paid for those
assets and possibly for less than we believe are the long-term value of the properties. However,
if we choose to reduce the number of assets we sell to avoid asset sales for amounts below our
valuations, or if we are unable to obtain a reasonable price for these assets, we would remain more
highly leveraged than our historical leverage levels, increasing the risk of adverse financial
consequences because of our higher debt levels.

     The prices for oil and natural gas are subject to a variety of additional factors that are
beyond our control. These factors include:

•

the level of consumer demand for oil and natural gas;

•

the domestic and foreign supply of oil and natural gas;

•

the ability of the members of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries
(“OPEC”) to agree to and maintain oil price and production controls;

•

the price of foreign oil and natural gas;

•

domestic governmental regulations and taxes;

•

the price and availability of alternative fuel sources;

•

weather conditions, including hurricanes and tropical storms in and around the Gulf
of Mexico;

•

market uncertainty;

•

political conditions in oil and natural gas producing regions, including the Middle
East; and

•

worldwide economic conditions.

     These factors and the volatility of the energy markets generally make it extremely difficult
to predict future oil and natural gas price movements. Also, oil and natural gas prices do not
necessarily move in tandem. Declines in oil and natural gas prices would not only reduce revenue,
but could reduce the amount of oil and natural gas that we can produce economically and, as a
result, could have a material adverse effect upon our financial condition, results of operations,
oil and natural gas reserves and the carrying values of our oil and natural gas properties. If the
oil and

27

Table of Contents

Denbury Resources Inc.

natural gas industry experiences significant price declines, we may, among other things, be
unable to meet our financial obligations or make planned expenditures.

     Since the end of 1998, oil prices have gone from near historic low prices to historic highs.
At the end of 1998, NYMEX oil prices were at historic lows of approximately $12.00 per Bbl, but
have generally increased since that time, albeit with fluctuations. For 2008, NYMEX
oil prices increases throughout the first six months, averaging approximately $111.03 per Bbl for
the first six months of 2008. During the last half of 2008, oil prices declined substantially,
ending the year at a NYMEX price of $44.60 per Bbl. Oil prices again increased through 2009, ending
the year at a NYMEX price of $79.36 per barrel. We have oil commodity derivative contracts in
place covering approximately 30,000 Bbls/d during 2010 and 25,000 Bbls/d during 2011 (please refer
to Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further details regarding our commodity
derivative contracts). We currently do not have any oil or natural gas commodity derivative
contracts in place for subsequent years, and therefore oil prices could decline to a level that
makes our tertiary projects uneconomic. If that were to happen, we may decide to suspend future
expansion projects, and if prices were to drop below the cash break-even point for an extended
period of time, we may decide to shut-in existing production, either of which would have a material
adverse effect on our operations. Since operating costs do not decrease as quickly as
commodity prices, it is difficult to determine a precise break-even point for our tertiary
projects. Based on prior history, we estimate our economic break-even
(before corporate overhead
and expenses on these projects at current oil prices) occurs at per
barrel dollar costs in the range of the
mid-thirties, depending on the specific field and area.

     The prices we receive for our crude oil do not always correlate with NYMEX prices. Our NYMEX
differentials over the last few years have ranged from a low of approximately $1.50 per Bbl to a
high of almost $10.00 per Bbl. These variances have been due to various factors and are difficult
to forecast or anticipate but have a direct impact on the net oil price we receive.

     Natural gas prices have also experienced volatility during the last few years. During 1999,
natural gas prices averaged approximately $2.35 per Mcf and, like
crude oil prices, have generally trended
upward since that time, although with significant fluctuations along the way. NYMEX natural gas
prices averaged $7.09 per MMBtu during 2007, $8.89 per MMBtu during 2008, $4.16 per MMBtu during
2009, and ended 2009 at $5.57 per MMBtu.

The recent financial crisis may have lasting effects on our liquidity, business and financial
condition that we cannot predict.

     Liquidity is essential to our business. Our liquidity could be substantially negatively
affected by an inability to obtain capital in the long-term or short-term debt capital markets or
equity capital markets or an inability to access bank financing. A prolonged credit crisis and
related turmoil in the global financial system would likely materially affect our liquidity,
business and our financial condition. The economic situation could also adversely affect the
collectability of our trade receivables or performance by our suppliers and cause our commodity
hedging arrangements to be ineffective if our counterparties are unable to perform their
obligations or seek bankruptcy protection. Additionally, the recent economic situation and current
economic condition could lead to reduced demand for oil and gas, or lower prices for oil and gas,
or both, which could have a negative impact on our revenues.

Product price derivative contracts may expose us to potential financial loss.

     To reduce our exposure to fluctuations in the prices of oil and natural gas, we currently and
may in the future enter into derivative contracts in order to economically hedge a portion of our
oil and natural gas production. Derivative contracts expose us to risk of financial loss in some
circumstances, including when:

•

production is less than expected;

•

the counter-party to the derivative contract defaults on its contract obligations;
or

•

there is a change in the expected differential between the underlying price in the
hedging agreement and actual prices received.

     In addition, these derivative contracts may limit the benefit we would receive from increases
in the prices for oil and natural gas. Information as to these activities is set forth under
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of

28

Table of Contents

Denbury Resources Inc.

Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Market Risk Management,” and in Note 10,
“Derivative Instruments and Hedging Activities,” to the Consolidated Financial Statements.

Our future performance depends upon our ability to find or acquire additional oil and natural gas
reserves that are economically recoverable.

     Unless we can successfully replace the reserves that we produce, our reserves will decline,
resulting eventually in a decrease in oil and natural gas production and lower revenues and cash
flows from operations. We have historically replaced reserves through both acquisitions and
internal organic growth activities. In the future, we may not be able to continue to replace
reserves at acceptable costs. The business of exploring for, developing or acquiring reserves is
capital intensive. We may not be able to make the necessary capital investment to maintain or
expand our oil and natural gas reserves if our cash flows from operations are reduced, due to lower
oil or natural gas prices or otherwise, or if external sources of capital become limited or
unavailable. Further, the process of using CO2 for tertiary recovery and the related
infrastructure requires significant capital investment, up to four or five years prior to any
resulting production and cash flows from these projects, heightening potential capital constraints.
If we do not continue to make significant capital expenditures, or if outside capital resources
become limited, we may not be able to maintain our growth rate or meet expectations. In addition,
certain of our operating activities are subject to numerous risks, including the risk that no
commercially productive oil or natural gas reserves will be produced.

     During the last few years, we have acquired several fields at a significant cost because we
believe that they have significant additional potential through tertiary flooding and we paid a
premium price for these properties based on that assumption. In addition, we plan to continue
acquiring other old oil fields that we believe are tertiary flood candidates, likely at a premium
price. We are investing significant amounts of capital as part of this strategy. If we are unable
to successfully develop the potential oil in these acquired fields, it would negatively affect the
return on our investment on these acquisitions and could severely reduce our ability to obtain
additional capital for the future, fund future acquisitions, and negatively affect our financial
results to a significant degree.

     We face competition from other oil and natural gas companies in all aspects of our business,
including acquisition of producing properties and oil and gas leases. Many of our competitors have
substantially larger financial and other resources. Other factors that affect our ability to
acquire producing properties include available funds, available information about prospective