. 

Our business is subject to a variety of risks,
including the risks described below. You should carefully consider these risks when evaluating us and our securities. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing our company. We are also subject to a variety of risks
that affect many other companies generally, as well as additional risks and uncertainties not known to us or that, as of the date of this report, we believe are not as significant as the risks described below. If any of the following risks actually
occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and the trading prices of our securities, may be materially and adversely affected. 

The worldwide demand for drilling services has declined significantly as a result of the decline in oil prices, which commenced during the second half
of 2014 and has continued into 2016. 

Demand for our drilling services depends in large part upon oil and natural gas industry
offshore exploration and production activity and expenditure levels, which are directly affected by oil and gas prices and market expectations of potential changes in oil and gas prices. Commencing in the second half of 2014, oil prices have
declined precipitously and recently fell to a 12-year low of less than $30 per barrel. The dramatic reduction in commodity prices has caused a sharp decline in the demand for offshore drilling services, including services that we provide and
adversely affected our results of operations and cash flows in 2015. A prolonged period of low oil prices would have a material adverse effect on many of our customers and, therefore, on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Oil prices have been, and are expected to continue to be, volatile and are affected by numerous factors beyond our control, including:

•

worldwide supply and demand for oil and gas; 

•

the level of economic activity in energy-consuming markets; 

•

the worldwide economic environment or economic trends, such as recessions; 

•

the ability of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) to set and maintain production levels and pricing; 

•

the level of production in non-OPEC countries; 

•

civil unrest and the worldwide political and military environment, including uncertainty or instability resulting from an escalation or additional outbreak of armed hostilities involving the Middle East, Russia, other
oil-producing regions or other geographic areas or further acts of terrorism in the United States or elsewhere; 

•

the cost of exploring for, developing, producing and delivering oil and gas; 

•

the discovery rate of new oil and gas reserves; 

•

the rate of decline of existing and new oil and gas reserves and production; 

•

available pipeline and other oil and gas transportation and refining capacity; 

9 

Table of Contents

•

the ability of oil and gas companies to raise capital; 

•

weather conditions, including hurricanes, which can affect oil and gas operations over a wide area; 

•

natural disasters or incidents resulting from operating hazards inherent in offshore drilling, such as oil spills; 

•

the policies of various governments regarding exploration and development of their oil and gas reserves; 

•

technological advances affecting energy consumption, including development and exploitation of alternative fuels or energy sources; 

•

laws and regulations relating to environmental or energy security matters, including those purporting to address global climate change; 

•

domestic and foreign tax policy; and 

•

advances in exploration and development technology. 

An increase in commodity demand and
prices will not necessarily result in an immediate increase in offshore drilling activity since our customers’ project development times, reserve replacement needs and expectations of future commodity demand, prices and supply of available
competing rigs all combine to affect demand for our rigs. 
Our business depends on the level of activity in the offshore oil and gas industry, which
has been cyclical and is significantly affected by many factors outside of our control. 

Demand for our drilling services depends
upon the level of offshore oil and gas exploration, development and production in markets worldwide, and those activities depend in large part on oil and gas prices, worldwide demand for oil and gas and a variety of political and economic factors.
The level of offshore drilling activity is also adversely affected when operators reduce or defer new investment in offshore projects, reduce or suspend their drilling budgets or reallocate their drilling budgets away from offshore drilling in favor
of other priorities, such as shale or other land-based projects, which could reduce demand for our rigs and newbuilds. As a result, our business and the oil and gas industry in general are subject to cyclical fluctuations. 

As a result of the cyclical fluctuations in the market, there have been periods of lower demand, excess rig supply and lower dayrates,
followed by periods of higher demand, shorter rig supply and higher dayrates. We cannot predict the timing or duration of such fluctuations. Periods of lower demand or excess rig supply intensify the competition in the industry and often result in
periods of lower utilization and lower dayrates. During these periods, our rigs may not obtain contracts for future work and may be idle for long periods of time or may be able to obtain work only under contracts with lower dayrates or less
favorable terms, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows during these periods. Additionally, prolonged periods of low utilization and dayrates could also result in the recognition
of impairment charges on certain of our drilling rigs if future cash flow estimates, based upon information available to management at the time, indicate that the carrying value of these rigs may not be recoverable. See “– We may incur
additional asset impairments and/or rig retirements as a result of reduced demand for certain offshore drilling rigs.” 

Our industry is
highly competitive, with oversupply and intense price competition. 

The offshore contract drilling industry is highly competitive
with numerous industry participants. Some of our competitors may be larger companies, have larger or more technologically advanced fleets and have greater financial or other resources than we do. The drilling industry has experienced consolidation
in the past and may experience additional consolidation, which could create additional large competitors. Drilling contracts are traditionally awarded on a competitive bid basis. Price is typically the primary factor in determining which

10 

Table of Contents

qualified contractor is awarded a job; however, rig availability and location, a drilling contractor’s safety record and the quality and technical capability of service and equipment may
also be considered. 
Recent new rig construction and upgrades of existing drilling rigs, cancelation or termination of contracts, as well
as established rigs coming off contract during 2015, have contributed to the current oversupply of drilling rigs, intensifying price competition. Additional newbuild rigs entering the market are expected to further negatively impact rig utilization
and intensify price competition as rigs are delivered. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Market Overview – Floater Markets” in Item 7 of this report.

We provide offshore drilling services to a customer base that includes major and independent oil and gas companies and government-owned
oil companies. During 2015, one of our customers in Brazil, Petrobras, and our five largest customers in the aggregate accounted for 24% and 65%, respectively, of our annual total consolidated revenues. The loss of a significant customer could have
a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, especially in a declining market where the number of our working drilling rigs is declining along with the number of our active customers. In addition, if a
significant customer experiences liquidity constraints or other financial difficulties, it could materially adversely affect our utilization rates in the affected market and also displace demand for our other drilling rigs and newbuilds as the
resulting excess supply enters the market. While it is normal for our customer base to change over time as work programs are completed, the loss of, or a significant reduction in the number of rigs contracted with, any major customer may have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Market Overview –
Contract Drilling
Backlog” in Item 7 of this report. 

We can provide no assurance that our drilling contracts will not be terminated early or that our
current backlog of contract drilling revenue will be ultimately realized. 

Generally, our customers may terminate our drilling
contracts under certain circumstances, such as if the drilling rig is destroyed or lost, if we suspend drilling operations for a specified period of time as a result of a breakdown of major equipment, excessive downtime for repairs, failure to meet
minimum performance criteria (including customer acceptance testing) or, in some cases, due to other events beyond the control of either party. Our drilling contract for the Ocean BlackLion, for example, requires us to successfully complete
certain testing procedures for the rig’s equipment, including the blowout preventers and well control systems. We are currently undergoing the required testing. If these tests are not successfully completed, our customer may have the right to
terminate the drilling contract or may request a renegotiation of the terms of the contract. 

In addition, some of our drilling contracts
permit the customer to terminate the contract after specified notice periods, often by tendering contractually specified termination amounts, which may not fully compensate us for the loss of the contract. During depressed market conditions, certain
customers have utilized such contract clauses to seek to renegotiate or terminate a drilling contract or claim that we have breached provisions of our drilling contracts in order to avoid their obligations to us under circumstances where we believe
we are in compliance with the contracts. Additionally, because of depressed commodity prices, restricted credit markets, economic downturns, changes in priorities or strategy or other factors beyond our control, a customer may no longer want or need
a rig that is currently under contract or may be able to obtain a comparable rig at a lower dayrate. For these reasons, customers may seek to renegotiate the terms of our existing drilling contracts, terminate our contracts without justification or
repudiate or otherwise fail to perform their obligations under our contracts. Such renegotiations could include requests to lower the contract dayrate, lowering of a dayrate in exchange for additional contract term, shortening the term on one
contracted rig in exchange for additional term on another rig, early termination of a contract in exchange for a lump sum margin payout and many other possibilities. Our contract backlog may be adversely impacted as a result of such contract
renegotiations. 
When a customer terminates our contract prior to the contract’s scheduled expiration, our contract backlog is
adversely impacted, and we might not recover any compensation for the termination or any recovery we might 

11 

Table of Contents

obtain may not fully compensate us for the loss of the contract. In any case, the early termination of a contract may result in our rig being idle for an extended period of time. Each of these
results could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, if our customer cancels our contract or if we elect to terminate a contract due to the customer’s nonperformance and in
either case we are unable to secure a new contract on a timely basis and on substantially similar terms, or if a contract is disputed or suspended for an extended period of time or if a contract is renegotiated, it could materially and adversely
affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
Currently, our contract backlog only includes future revenues under
firm commitments; however, from time to time, we may report anticipated commitments for which definitive agreements have not yet been, but are expected to be, executed. We can provide no assurance that in such cases we will be able to ultimately
execute a definitive agreement. In addition, for the reasons described above, we can provide no assurance that our customers will be willing or able to fulfill their contractual commitments to us. 

Our inability to perform under our contractual obligations or to execute definitive agreements, or our customers’ inability or
unwillingness to fulfill their contractual commitments to us, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See “– Our industry is highly competitive, with oversupply and intense
price competition” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Market Overview –
 Contract Drilling Backlog” in Item 7 of this report. 

We may not be able to renew or replace expiring contracts for our rigs. 

We have a number of customer contracts that will expire in 2016 and 2017. Our ability to renew or replace expiring contracts or obtain new
contracts, and the terms of any such contracts, will depend on various factors, including market conditions and the specific needs of our customers. Given the highly competitive and historically cyclical nature of our industry, we may not be able to
renew or replace the contracts or we may be required to renew or replace expiring contracts or obtain new contracts at dayrates that are below, and potentially substantially below, existing dayrates, or that have terms that are less favorable to us
than our existing contracts or we may be unable to secure contracts for these rigs. This could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We may incur additional asset impairments and/or rig retirements as a result of reduced demand for certain offshore drilling rigs. 

The current oversupply of drilling rigs in the offshore drilling market has resulted in numerous rigs being idled and in some cases retired
and/or scrapped. We evaluate our property and equipment for impairment whenever changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable, and we could incur impairment charges related to the carrying value of our
drilling rigs. Impairment write-offs could result if, for example, any of our rigs become obsolete or commercially less desirable or their carrying values become excessive due to the condition of the rig, cold stacking the rig, the expectation of
cold stacking the rig in the near future, a decision to retire or scrap the rig, changes in technology, market demand or market expectations, or excess spending over budget on a new-build construction project or major rig upgrade. We utilize an
undiscounted probability-weighted cash flow analysis in testing an asset for potential impairment, reflecting management’s assumptions and estimates regarding the appropriate risk-adjusted dayrate by rig, future industry conditions and
operations and other factors. Asset impairment evaluations are, by their nature, highly subjective. The use of different estimates and assumptions could result in materially different carrying values of our assets, which could impact the need to
record an impairment charge and the amount of any charge taken. Since 2012, we have retired and sold 12 drilling rigs and recorded impairment losses aggregating $1.0 billion, including $860.4 million recognized in 2015. See “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Market Overview – Critical Accounting Estimates – 
Property, Plant and Equipment” in Item 7 of this report and Note 2
“Asset Impairments” to our Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of this report. 

12 

Table of Contents

We can provide no assurance that our assumptions and estimates used in our asset impairment
evaluations will ultimately be realized or that the current carrying value of our property and equipment, including rigs designated as held for sale, will ultimately be realized. 

Our contract drilling expense includes fixed costs that will not decline in proportion to decreases in rig utilization and dayrates. 

Our contract drilling expense includes all direct and indirect costs associated with the operation, maintenance and support of our drilling
equipment, which is often not affected by changes in dayrates and utilization. During periods of reduced revenue and/or activity, certain of our fixed costs will not decline and often we may incur additional operating costs, such as fuel and
catering costs, for which we are generally reimbursed by the customer when a rig is under contract. During times of reduced utilization, reductions in costs may not be immediate as we may incur additional costs associated with cold stacking a rig
(particularly if we cold stack a newer rig, such as a drillship, for which cold-stacking costs are typically substantially higher than for a jack-up rig or an older floater rig), or we may not be able to fully reduce the cost of our support
operations in a particular geographic region due to the need to support the remaining drilling rigs in that region. A decline in revenue due to lower dayrates and/or utilization may not be offset by a corresponding decrease in contract drilling
expense and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
Although we have paid cash
dividends in the past, we may not pay regular or special cash dividends in the future and we can give no assurance as to the amount or timing of the payment of any future regular or special cash dividends. 

We pay dividends at the discretion of our Board of Directors, or Board. In recent years, we have paid both regular quarterly and special cash
dividends, although we did not pay special cash dividends in 2015. In February 2016, we announced that we had discontinued our regular quarterly cash dividend. Our Board has adopted a policy of considering regular and special cash dividends, in
amounts to be determined, on a quarterly basis. Any determination to declare a dividend, as well as the amount of any dividend that may be declared, will be based on the Board’s consideration of our financial position, earnings, earnings
outlook, capital spending plans, outlook on current and future market conditions and business needs and other factors that our Board considers relevant at that time. The Board’s dividend policy may change from time to time, but there can be no
assurance that we will declare any cash dividends at all or in any particular amounts. See “Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities – Dividend Policy” in
Item 5 of this report and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Liquidity and Capital Resources” in Item 7 of this report. 

We may enter into drilling contracts that expose us to greater risks than we normally assume. 

From time to time, we may enter into drilling contracts with national oil companies, government-controlled entities or others that expose us to
greater risks than we normally assume, such as exposure to greater environmental or other liability and more onerous termination provisions giving the customer a right to terminate without cause or upon little or no notice. Upon termination, these
contracts may not result in a payment to us, or if a termination payment is required, it may not fully compensate us for the loss of a contract. In addition, the early termination of a contract may result in a rig being idle for an extended period
of time, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. While we believe that the financial terms of these contracts and our operating safeguards in place may partially mitigate these risks, we can
provide no assurance that the increased risk exposure will not have a material negative impact on our future operations or financial results. 

Changes in tax laws, effective income tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our tax returns could adversely affect our financial
results. 

Tax laws and regulations are highly complex and subject to interpretation and disputes. We conduct our worldwide
operations through various subsidiaries in a number of countries throughout the world. As a result, we 

13 

Table of Contents

are subject to highly complex tax laws, regulations and income tax treaties within and between the countries in which we operate as well as countries in which we may be resident, which may change
and are subject to interpretation. We determine our income tax expense based on our interpretation of the applicable tax laws and regulations in effect in each jurisdiction for the period during which we operate and earn income. Our overall
effective tax rate could be adversely and suddenly affected by lower than anticipated earnings in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated earnings in countries where we have higher statutory rates, by changes in the
valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities or by changes in tax law, tax treaties, regulations, accounting principles or interpretations thereof in one or more countries in which we operate. In addition, changes in laws, treaties and
regulations and the interpretation of such laws, treaties and regulations may put us at risk for future tax assessments and liabilities which could be substantial and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows. 
Our income tax returns are subject to review and examination. We do not recognize the benefit of income tax
positions we believe are more likely than not to be disallowed upon challenge by a tax authority. If any tax authority successfully challenges any tax position taken or intercompany pricing policies, or if the terms of certain income tax treaties
are interpreted in a manner that is adverse to us or our operations, or if we lose a material tax dispute in any country, our effective tax rate on our worldwide earnings could increase substantially and our earnings and cash flows from operations
could be materially adversely affected. 
Governmental laws and regulations, both domestic and international, may add to our costs or limit our
drilling activity. 

Our operations are affected from time to time in varying degrees by governmental laws and regulations. In
addition to the specific regulatory risks discussed elsewhere in this Item 1A. “Risk Factors” section, our operations are subject to other laws, regulations and government policies worldwide. Certain countries are subject to
restrictions, sanctions and embargoes imposed by the United States government or other governmental or international authorities. These restrictions, sanctions and embargoes may prohibit or limit us from participating in certain business activities
in those countries. Our operations are also subject to numerous local, state and federal laws and regulations in the United States and in foreign jurisdictions concerning the containment and disposal of hazardous materials, the remediation of
contaminated properties and the protection of the environment. The offshore drilling industry is dependent on demand for services from the oil and gas exploration industry and, accordingly, can be affected by changes in tax and other laws relating
to the energy business generally. We may be required to make significant expenditures for additional capital equipment or inspections and recertifications thereof to comply with existing or new governmental laws and regulations. It is also possible
that these laws and regulations may in the future add significantly to our operating costs or result in a reduction in revenues associated with downtime required to install such equipment or may otherwise significantly limit drilling activity. 

In addition, our operating income is negatively impacted when we perform certain regulatory inspections, which we refer to as a 5-year survey,
or special survey, that are due every five years for each of our rigs. These special surveys are generally performed in a shipyard and require scheduled downtime, which can negatively impact operating revenue. Operating expenses increase as a result
of these special surveys due to the cost to mobilize the rigs to a shipyard, inspection costs incurred and repair and maintenance costs. Repair and maintenance activities may result from the special survey or may have been previously planned to take
place during this mandatory downtime. The number of rigs undergoing a 5-year survey will vary from year to year, as well as from quarter to quarter. Operating income may also be negatively impacted by intermediate surveys, which are performed at
interim periods between 5-year surveys. Intermediate surveys are generally less extensive in duration and scope than a 5-year survey. Although an intermediate survey normally does not require shipyard time, the survey may require some downtime for
the rig. We can provide no assurance as to the exact timing and/or duration of downtime associated with regulatory inspections, planned rig mobilizations and other shipyard projects. 

14 

Table of Contents

In the aftermath of the 2010 Macondo well blowout and subsequent investigation into the causes of
the event, new rules were implemented for oil and gas operations in the GOM and in many of the international locations in which we operate, including new standards for well design, casing and cementing and well control procedures, equipment
inspection and certifications, as well as rules requiring operators to systematically identify risks and establish safeguards against those risks through a comprehensive safety and environmental management system, or SEMS. New regulations may
continue to be announced, including rules regarding drilling systems and equipment, such as blowout preventer and well control systems and lifesaving systems, as well as rules regarding employee training, engaging personnel in safety management and
requiring third party audits of SEMS programs. Such new regulations could require modifications or enhancements to existing systems and equipment, or require new equipment, and could increase our operating costs and cause downtime for our rigs if we
are required to take any of them out of service between scheduled surveys or inspections, or if we are required to extend scheduled surveys or inspections, to meet any such new requirements. We are not able to predict the likelihood, nature or
extent of additional rulemaking, and we are not able to predict the future impact of these events on our operations. Additional governmental regulations concerning licensing, taxation, equipment specifications, training requirements or other matters
could increase the costs of our operations, and enhanced permitting requirements, as well as escalating costs borne by our customers, could reduce exploration activity in the GOM and therefore demand for our services. 

Governments in some countries are increasingly active in regulating and controlling the ownership of concessions, the exploration for oil and
gas and other aspects of the oil and gas industry. The modification of existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations curtailing exploratory or developmental drilling for oil and gas for economic, environmental or other
reasons could materially and adversely affect our operations by limiting drilling opportunities. 
Governments around the world are also
increasingly considering and adopting laws and regulations to address climate change issues. Lawmakers and regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions where we operate have focused increasingly on restricting the emission of carbon
dioxide, methane and other “greenhouse” gases. This may result in new environmental regulations that may unfavorably impact us, our suppliers and our customers. We may be exposed to risks related to new laws, regulations, treaties or
international agreements pertaining to climate change, greenhouse gases, carbon emissions or energy use that could decrease the use of oil or natural gas, thus reducing demand for hydrocarbon-based fuel and our drilling services. Governments may
also pass laws or regulations incentivizing or mandating the use of alternative energy sources, such as wind power and solar energy, which may reduce demand for oil and natural gas and our drilling services. Such laws, regulations, treaties or
international agreements could result in increased compliance costs or additional operating restrictions, which may have a negative impact on our business, and could adversely affect our operations by limiting drilling opportunities. 

Contracts for our drilling rigs are generally fixed dayrate contracts, and increases in our operating costs could adversely affect our profitability on
those contracts. 

Our contracts for our drilling rigs generally provide for the payment of a fixed dayrate per rig operating day,
although some contracts do provide for a limited escalation in dayrate due to increased operating costs we incur on the project. Many of our operating costs, such as labor costs, are unpredictable and fluctuate based on events beyond our control. In
addition, equipment repair and maintenance expenses fluctuate depending on the type of activity the rig is performing, the age and condition of the equipment and general market factors impacting relevant parts, components and services. The gross
margin that we realize on these fixed dayrate contracts will fluctuate based on variations in our operating costs over the terms of the contracts. In addition, for contracts with dayrate escalation clauses, we may not be able to fully recover
increased or unforeseen costs from our customers. Our inability to recover these increased or unforeseen costs from our customers could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

15 

Table of Contents

Rig conversions, upgrades or new-builds may be subject to delays and cost overruns. 

From time to time, we add new capacity through conversions or upgrades to our existing rigs or through new construction, such as our harsh
environment, ultra-deepwater semisubmersible rig, Ocean GreatWhite, which is currently under construction. Projects of this type are subject to risks of delay or cost overruns inherent in any large construction project resulting from numerous
factors, including the following: 

•

shortages of equipment, materials or skilled labor; 

•

work stoppages; 

•

unscheduled delays in the delivery of ordered materials and equipment; 

•

unanticipated cost increases or change orders; 

•

weather interferences or storm damage; 

•

difficulties in obtaining necessary permits or in meeting permit conditions; 

•

design and engineering problems; 

•

disputes with shipyards or suppliers; 

•

availability of suppliers to recertify equipment for enhanced regulations; 

•

customer acceptance delays; 

•

shipyard failures or unavailability; and 

•

failure or delay of third party service providers, civil unrest and labor disputes. 

Failure
to complete a rig upgrade or new construction on time, or failure to complete a rig conversion or new construction in accordance with its design specifications may, in some circumstances, result in the delay, renegotiation or cancellation of a
drilling contract, resulting in a loss of contract drilling backlog and revenue to us. If a drilling contract is terminated under these circumstances, we may not be able to secure a replacement contract or, if we do secure a replacement contract, it
may not contain equally favorable terms. In addition, impairment write-offs could result if a rig’s carrying value becomes excessive due to spending over budget on a newbuild construction project or major rig upgrade. 

Our business involves numerous operating hazards that could expose us to significant losses and significant damage claims. We are not fully insured
against all of these risks and our contractual indemnity provisions may not fully protect us. 

Our operations are subject to the
significant hazards inherent in drilling for oil and gas offshore, such as blowouts, reservoir damage, loss of production, loss of well control, unstable or faulty sea floor conditions, fires and natural disasters such as hurricanes. The occurrence
of any of these types of events could result in the suspension of drilling operations, damage to or destruction of the equipment involved and injury or death to rig personnel, damage to producing or potentially productive oil and gas formations, and
oil spillage, oil leaks, well blowouts and extensive uncontrolled fires, any of which could cause significant environmental damage. In addition, offshore drilling operations are subject to marine hazards, including capsizing, grounding, collision
and loss or damage from severe weather. Operations also may be suspended because of machinery breakdowns, abnormal drilling conditions, failure of suppliers or subcontractors to perform or supply goods or services or personnel shortages. Any of the
foregoing events could result in significant damage or loss to our properties and assets or the properties and assets of others, injury or death to rig personnel or others, significant loss of revenues and significant damage claims against us, which
could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 
Our drilling contracts with our
customers provide for varying levels of indemnity and allocation of liabilities between our customers and us with respect to the hazards and risks inherent in, and damages or losses arising out 

16 

Table of Contents

of, our operations, and we may not be fully protected. Our contracts with our customers generally provide that we and our customers each assume liability for our respective personnel and
property. Our contracts also generally provide that our customers assume most of the responsibility for and indemnify us against loss, damage or other liability resulting from, among other hazards and risks, pollution originating from the well and
subsurface damage or loss, while we typically retain responsibility for and indemnify our customers against pollution originating from the rig. However, in certain drilling contracts we may not be fully indemnified by our customers for damage to
their property and/or the property of their other contractors. In certain contracts we may assume liability for losses or damages (including punitive damages) resulting from pollution or contamination caused by negligent or willful acts of
commission or omission by us, our suppliers and/or subcontractors, generally subject to negotiated caps on a per occurrence basis and/or on an aggregate basis for the term of the contract. In some cases, suppliers or subcontractors who provide
equipment or services to us may seek to limit their liability resulting from pollution or contamination. Our contracts are individually negotiated, and the levels of indemnity and allocation of liabilities in them can vary from contract to contract
depending on market conditions, particular customer requirements and other factors existing at the time a contract is negotiated. 

Additionally, the enforceability of indemnification provisions in our contracts may be limited or prohibited by applicable law or may not be
enforced by courts having jurisdiction, and we could be held liable for substantial losses or damages and for fines and penalties imposed by regulatory authorities. The indemnification provisions of our contracts may be subject to differing
interpretations, and the laws or courts of certain jurisdictions may enforce such provisions while other laws or courts may find them to be unenforceable, void or limited by public policy considerations, including when the cause of the underlying
loss or damage is our gross negligence or willful misconduct, when punitive damages are attributable to us or when fines or penalties are imposed directly against us. The law with respect to the enforceability of indemnities varies from jurisdiction
to jurisdiction and is unsettled under certain laws that are applicable to our contracts. Current or future litigation in particular jurisdictions, whether or not we are a party, may impact the interpretation and enforceability of indemnification
provisions in our contracts. There can be no assurance that our contracts with our customers, suppliers and subcontractors will fully protect us against all hazards and risks inherent in our operations. There can also be no assurance that those
parties with contractual obligations to indemnify us will be financially able to do so or will otherwise honor their contractual obligations. 

We maintain liability insurance, which includes coverage for environmental damage; however, because of contractual provisions and policy
limits, our insurance coverage may not adequately cover our losses and claim costs. In addition, certain risks such as pollution, reservoir damage and environmental risks are generally not fully insurable. Also, we do not typically purchase
loss-of-hire insurance to cover lost revenues when a rig is unable to work. Accordingly, it is possible that our losses from the hazards we face could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We believe that the policy limit under our marine liability insurance is within the range that is customary for companies of our size in
the offshore drilling industry and is appropriate for our business. However, if an accident or other event occurs that exceeds our coverage limits or is not an insurable event under our insurance policies, or is not fully covered by contractual
indemnity, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. There can be no assurance that we will continue to carry the insurance we currently maintain, that our insurance will cover all
types of losses or that we will be able to maintain adequate insurance in the future at rates we consider to be reasonable or that we will be able to obtain insurance against some risks. 

Accordingly, the occurrence of any of the hazards we face could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial
condition and cash flows. 

17 

Table of Contents

Significant portions of our operations are conducted outside the United States and involve additional risks
not associated with United States domestic operations. 

Our operations outside the United States accounted for approximately 79%,
85% and 89% of our total consolidated revenues for 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively, and include operations in South America, Australia and Southeast Asia, Europe, East and West Africa, the Mediterranean and Mexico. Because we operate in various
regions throughout the world, we are exposed to risks of war, political disruption, civil disturbance, acts of terrorism, political corruption, possible economic and legal sanctions (such as possible restrictions against countries that the U.S.
government may consider to be state sponsors of terrorism) and changes in global trade policies. We may not have insurance coverage for these risks, or we may not be able to obtain adequate insurance coverage for such events at reasonable rates. Our
operations may become restricted, disrupted or prohibited in any country in which any of the foregoing risks occur. In particular, the occurrence of any of these risks or any of the following events could materially and adversely impact our results
of operations: 

•

political and economic instability; 

•

piracy, terrorism or other assaults on property or personnel; 

•

kidnapping of personnel; 

•

seizure, expropriation, nationalization, deprivation, malicious damage or other loss of possession or use of property or equipment; 

•

renegotiation or nullification of existing contracts; 

•

disputes and legal proceedings in international jurisdictions; 

•

changing social, political and economic conditions; 

•

enactment of additional or stricter U.S. government or international sanctions; 

•

imposition of wage and price controls, trade barriers or import-export quotas; 

•

restrictive foreign and domestic monetary policies; 

•

the inability to repatriate income or capital; 

•

difficulties in collecting accounts receivable and longer collection periods; 

•

fluctuations in currency exchange rates and restrictions on currency exchange; 

•

regulatory or financial requirements to comply with foreign bureaucratic actions; 

•

restriction or disruption of business activities; 

•

limitation of our access to markets for periods of time; 

•

travel limitations or operational problems caused by public health threats; 

•

difficulties in supplying, repairing or replacing equipment or transporting personnel in remote locations; 

•

difficulties in obtaining visas or work permits for our employees on a timely basis; and 

•

changing taxation policies and confiscatory or discriminatory taxation. 

We are also subject
to the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control and other U.S. laws and regulations governing our international operations in addition to worldwide anti-bribery laws. In addition, international contract drilling operations
are subject to various laws and regulations in countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations relating to: 

•

the equipping and operation of drilling rigs; 

•

import-export quotas or other trade barriers; 

18 

Table of Contents

•

repatriation of foreign earnings or capital; 

•

oil and gas exploration and development; 

•

local content requirements; 

•

taxation of offshore earnings and earnings of expatriate personnel; and 

•

use and compensation of local employees and suppliers by foreign contractors. 

Some foreign
governments favor or effectively require the awarding of drilling contracts to local contractors, require use of a local agent or require foreign contractors to employ citizens of, or purchase supplies from, a particular jurisdiction. These
practices may adversely affect our ability to compete in those regions. It is difficult to predict what governmental regulations may be enacted in the future that could adversely affect the international offshore drilling industry. The actions of
foreign governments may materially and adversely affect our ability to compete. 
In addition, the shipment of goods, including the
movement of a drilling rig across international borders, subjects us to extensive trade laws and regulations. Our import activities are governed by unique customs laws and regulations that differ in each of the countries in which we operate and
often impose record keeping and reporting obligations. The laws and regulations concerning import/export activity and record keeping and reporting requirements are complex and change frequently. These laws and regulations may be enacted, amended,
enforced and/or interpreted in a manner that could materially and adversely impact our operations. Shipments can be delayed and denied export or entry for a variety of reasons, some of which may be outside of our control. Shipping delays or denials
could cause unscheduled downtime for our rigs. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in criminal and civil penalties, economic sanctions, seizure of shipments and/or the contractual withholding of monies owed to us, among
other things. 
Compliance with or breach of environmental laws can be costly and could limit our operations. 

In the United States and in many of the international locations in which we operate, laws and regulations controlling the discharge of
materials into the environment, requiring removal and cleanup of materials that may harm the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment apply to some of our operations. For example, we, as an operator of mobile offshore
drilling units in navigable United States waters and some offshore areas, may be liable for damages and costs incurred in connection with oil spills related to those operations. Laws and regulations protecting the environment have become
increasingly stringent, and may in some cases impose “strict liability,” rendering a person liable for environmental damage without regard to negligence or fault on the part of that person. These laws and regulations may expose us to
liability for the conduct of, or conditions caused by, others or for acts that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time they were performed. 

U.S. federal and state, foreign and international laws and regulations address oil spill prevention and control and impose a variety of
obligations on us related to the prevention of oil spills and liability for damages resulting from such spills. Some of these laws and regulations have significantly expanded liability exposure across all segments of the oil and gas industry. For
example, the United States Oil Pollution Act of 1990 imposes strict and, with limited exceptions, joint and several liability upon each responsible party for oil removal costs and a variety of public and private damages. Failure to comply with such
laws and regulations could subject us to civil or criminal enforcement action, for which we may not receive contractual indemnification or have insurance coverage, and could result in the issuance of injunctions restricting some or all of our
activities in the affected areas. In addition, legislative and regulatory developments may occur that could substantially increase our exposure to liabilities that might arise in connection with our operations. 

The application of these laws and regulations or the adoption of new laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

19 

Table of Contents

We may be subject to litigation and disputes that could have a material adverse effect on us. 

We are, from time to time, involved in litigation and disputes. These matters may include, among other things, contract disputes, personal
injury claims, environmental claims or proceedings, asbestos and other toxic tort claims, employment and tax matters and other litigation that arises in the ordinary course of our business. Although we intend to defend these matters vigorously, we
cannot predict with certainty the outcome or effect of any dispute, claim or other litigation matter, and there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of any litigation. We may not have insurance for litigation or claims that may arise, or
if we do have insurance coverage it may not be sufficient, insurers may not remain solvent, other claims may exhaust some or all of the insurance available to us or insurers may interpret our insurance policies such that they do not cover losses for
which we make claims or may otherwise dispute claims made. Litigation may have a material adverse effect on us because of potential adverse outcomes, defense costs, the diversion of our management’s resources and other factors. 

We self-insure for physical damage to rigs and equipment caused by named windstorms in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. 

Because the amount of insurance coverage available to us is limited, and the cost for such coverage is substantial, we self-insure for physical
damage to rigs and equipment caused by named windstorms in the GOM. This results in a higher risk of losses, which could be material, that are not covered by third party insurance contracts. If one or more named windstorms in the GOM cause
significant damage to our rigs or equipment, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

In addition, certain of our shore-based facilities are located in geographic regions that are susceptible to damage or disruption from
hurricanes and other weather events. Future hurricanes or similar natural disasters that impact our facilities, our personnel located at those facilities or our ongoing operations may negatively affect our financial position and operating results
for those periods. These negative effects may include reduced or lost sales and revenues; costs associated with interruption in operations and with resuming operations; reduced demand for our services from customers that were similarly affected by
these events; lost market share; late deliveries; uninsured property losses; inadequate business interruption insurance; employee evacuations; and an inability to retain necessary staff. 

We may be required to accrue additional tax liability on certain of our foreign earnings. 

Certain of our international rigs are owned and operated, directly or indirectly, by Diamond Foreign Asset Company, or DFAC, a Cayman Islands
subsidiary that we own. It is our intention to indefinitely reinvest future earnings of DFAC and its foreign subsidiaries to finance foreign activities. We do not expect to provide for U.S. taxes on any future earnings generated by DFAC and its
foreign subsidiaries, except to the extent that these earnings are immediately subjected to U.S. federal income tax. Should a future distribution be made from any unremitted earnings of this subsidiary, we may be required to record additional U.S.
income taxes that, if material, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
Fluctuations
in exchange rates and nonconvertibility of currencies could result in losses to us. 

Due to our international operations, we have
experienced currency exchange losses where revenues are received and expenses are paid in nonconvertible currencies or where we do not effectively hedge an exposure to a foreign currency. We may also incur losses as a result of an inability to
collect revenues because of a shortage of convertible currency available to the country of operation, controls over currency exchange or controls over the repatriation of income or capital. 

20 

Table of Contents

Acts of terrorism and other political and military events could adversely affect the markets for our
drilling services. 

Terrorist attacks and the continued threat of terrorism in the U.S. and abroad, the continuation or escalation
of existing armed hostilities or the outbreak of additional hostilities could lead to increased political, economic and financial market instability and a downturn in the economies of the U.S. and other countries. A lower level of economic activity
could result in a decline in energy consumption or an increase in the volatility of energy prices, either of which could materially and adversely affect the market for our offshore drilling services, our dayrates or utilization and, accordingly, our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. While we take steps that we believe are appropriately designed to secure our energy assets, there is no assurance that we can completely secure these assets, completely protect them against
a terrorist attack or other political and military events or obtain adequate insurance coverage for such events at reasonable rates. 
Failure to
obtain and retain highly skilled personnel could hurt our operations. 

We require highly skilled personnel to operate and provide
technical services and support for our business. A well-trained, motivated and adequately-staffed work force has a positive impact on our ability to attract and retain business. As a result, our future success depends on our continuing ability to
identify, hire, develop, motivate and retain skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. To the extent that demand for drilling services and/or the size of the worldwide industry fleet increases (including due to the impact of newly
constructed rigs), shortages of qualified personnel could arise, creating upward pressure on wages and difficulty in staffing and servicing our rigs, which could adversely affect our results of operations. As of the date of this report, the Ocean
GreatWhite, our ultra-deepwater, semisubmersible rig, is under construction. This rig is not yet fully crewed and will require additional skilled personnel to operate. Additional new capacity in the offshore drilling market could also cause
further competition for qualified and experienced personnel as these entities seek to hire personnel with expertise in the offshore drilling industry. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract new employees and
to retain and motivate our existing employees. Heightened competition for skilled personnel could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows by limiting our operations and further increasing our
costs. 

We rely on third-party suppliers, manufacturers and service providers to secure equipment, components and parts used in rig operations,
conversions, upgrades and construction. 

Our reliance on third-party suppliers, manufacturers and service providers to provide
equipment and services exposes us to volatility in the quality, price and availability of such items. Certain components, parts and equipment that we use in our operations may be available only from a small number of suppliers, manufacturers or
service providers. The failure of one or more third-party suppliers, manufacturers or service providers to provide equipment, components, parts or services, whether due to capacity constraints, production or delivery disruptions, price increases,
quality control issues, recalls or other decreased availability of parts and equipment, is beyond our control and could materially disrupt our operations or result in the delay, renegotiation or cancellation of drilling contracts, thereby causing a
loss of contract drilling backlog and/or revenue to us, as well as an increase in operating costs. 
Additionally, our suppliers,
manufacturers and service providers could be negatively impacted by current industry conditions or global economic conditions. If certain of our suppliers, manufacturers or service providers were to experience significant cash flow issues, become
insolvent or otherwise curtail or discontinue their business as a result of such conditions, it could result in a reduction or interruption in supplies or equipment available to us and/or a significant increase in the price of such supplies and
equipment, which could adversely impact our results of operations and cash flows. 

21 

Table of Contents

Our debt levels may limit our liquidity and flexibility in obtaining additional financing and in pursuing
other business opportunities. 

As of December 31, 2015, we had approximately $0.3 million and $2.0 billion in short-term
borrowings and senior debt, respectively, maturing at various times from 2019 through 2043. As of February 16, 2016, we had $305.0 million in Eurodollar loans outstanding and an additional $1.2 billion of availability under our revolving credit
facility. We may incur additional indebtedness in the future, including indebtedness under our commercial paper program, and we may borrow from time to time under our revolving credit facility to fund working capital or other needs, subject to
compliance with its covenants. 
Our ability to meet our debt service obligations is dependent upon our future performance, which is
subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles and financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of which are beyond our control. High levels of indebtedness could have negative consequences to us, including: 

•

we may have difficulty satisfying our obligations with respect to our outstanding debt; 

•

we may have difficulty obtaining financing in the future for working capital, capital expenditures, acquisitions or other purposes; 

•

we may need to use a substantial portion of our available cash flow from operations to pay interest and principal on our debt, which would reduce the amount of money available to fund working capital requirements,
capital expenditures, the payment of dividends and other general corporate or business activities; 

•

our vulnerability to general economic downturns and adverse industry conditions could increase; 

•

our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and in our industry in general could be limited; 

•

our amount of debt and the amount we must pay to service our debt obligations could place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; 

•

our customers may react adversely to our significant debt level and seek alternative service providers; and 

•

our failure to comply with the restrictive covenants in our debt instruments that, among other things, require us to maintain a specified ratio of our consolidated indebtedness to total capitalization and limit the
ability of our subsidiaries to incur debt, could result in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could have a material adverse effect on our business or prospects. 

In addition, approximately $500.0 million of our long-term debt will mature over the next five years and will need to be paid or refinanced.
We may not be able to refinance our maturing debt upon commercially reasonable terms, or at all, depending on numerous factors, including our financial condition and prospects at the time and the then current state of the bank and capital markets in
the U.S. Further, our liquidity may be adversely affected if we are unable to replace our revolving credit facility upon acceptable terms when it matures. 

Our overall debt level and/or market conditions could lead credit rating agencies to lower our long-term and/or short-term corporate credit
ratings. In January 2016, Moody’s Investor Services announced that it would be reviewing our long-term corporate credit and unsecured debt rating and short-term credit rating for commercial paper, which are currently Baa2 and Prime-2,
respectively, for possible downgrade. Our current corporate credit rating is BBB+ and our short-term credit rating is A2 for Standard & Poor’s Ratings Services. 

Downgrades in our corporate credit ratings could impact our ability to issue additional debt by raising the cost of issuing new debt. As a
consequence, we may not be able to issue additional debt in amounts and/or with terms that we consider to be reasonable. One or more of these occurrences could limit our ability to pursue other business opportunities. 

22 

Table of Contents

In addition, our credit ratings are important to our ability to issue commercial paper at
favorable rates of interest. A downgrade in our credit rating could increase the cost of borrowing or make the commercial paper market unavailable to us, which could increase our cost of capital. In addition, our access to funds under our commercial
paper program is dependent on investor demand for our commercial paper. Disruptions and volatility in the global credit markets could limit the demand for our commercial paper or result in the need to offer higher interest rates to investors, which
would result in increased expense and could adversely impact our liquidity. 
Our revolving credit facility bears interest at variable
rates. If market interest rates increase, debt service requirements on amounts outstanding under our revolving credit facility will increase. This would have an adverse effect on our results of operations and cash flows. Although we may employ
hedging strategies such that a portion of the aggregate principal amount outstanding under this credit facility carries a fixed rate of interest, any hedging arrangement put in place may not offer complete protection from this risk. 

Any significant cyber attack or other interruption in network security or the operation of critical computer systems could materially disrupt our
operations and adversely affect our business. 

Our business has become increasingly dependent upon information technologies,
systems and networks to conduct day-to-day operations, and we are placing greater reliance on technology to help support our operations and increase efficiency in our business functions. We are dependent upon our information technology and
infrastructure, including operational and financial computer systems to process the data necessary to conduct almost all aspects of our business. Computer and other business facilities and systems could become unavailable or impaired from a variety
of causes including, among others, storms and other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, utility outages, theft, design defects, human error or complications encountered as existing systems are maintained, repaired, replaced or upgraded. It has
also been reported that unknown entities or groups have mounted so-called “cyber attacks” on businesses and other organizations solely to disable or disrupt computer systems, disrupt operations and, in some cases, steal data. A breach or
failure of our computer systems or networks, or those of our customers, vendors or others with whom we do business, could materially disrupt our business operations and could result in the alteration, loss, theft or corruption of data or
unauthorized release of confidential, proprietary or sensitive data concerning our company, business activities, employees, customers or vendors. Any such breach or failure could have a material adverse effect on our operations, business or
reputation. 
Unionization efforts and labor regulations in some of the countries in which we operate could materially increase our costs or limit
our flexibility. 

Some of our employees in non-U.S. markets are represented by labor unions and work under collective bargaining or
similar agreements which are subject to periodic renegotiation. These negotiations could result in higher personnel expenses, other increased costs or increased operational restrictions. Efforts have been made from time to time to unionize other
portions of our workforce. In addition, we may be subjected to strikes or work stoppages and other labor disruptions in certain countries. Additional unionization efforts, new collective bargaining agreements or work stoppages could materially
increase our costs, reduce our revenues or limit our flexibility. 
We are controlled by a single stockholder, which could result in potential
conflicts of interest. 

Loews Corporation, which we refer to as Loews, beneficially owned approximately 53% of our outstanding
shares of common stock as of February 16, 2016, and is in a position to control actions that require the consent of stockholders, including the election of directors, amendment of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation and any merger or sale
of substantially all of our assets. In addition, three officers of Loews serve on our Board of Directors. One of those, James S. Tisch, the Chairman of the Board of our company, is also the Chief Executive Officer and a director of Loews. We have
also entered into a services agreement and a registration rights agreement with Loews, and we may in the future enter into other agreements with Loews. 

23 

Table of Contents

Loews is a holding company. In addition to us, its principal subsidiaries are CNA Financial
Corporation, a 90% owned subsidiary engaged in commercial property and casualty insurance; Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP, a 51% owned subsidiary engaged in transportation and storage of natural gas and natural gas liquids and gathering and
processing of natural gas; and Loews Hotels Holding Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary engaged in the operation of a chain of hotels. It is possible that Loews may in some circumstances be in direct or indirect competition with us, including
competition with respect to certain business strategies and transactions that we may propose to undertake. In addition, potential conflicts of interest exist or could arise in the future for our directors who are also officers of Loews with respect
to a number of areas relating to the past and ongoing relationships of Loews and us, including tax and insurance matters, financial commitments and sales of common stock pursuant to registration rights or otherwise. Although the affected directors
may abstain from voting on matters in which our interests and those of Loews are in conflict so as to avoid potential violations of their fiduciary duties to stockholders, the presence of potential or actual conflicts could affect the process or
outcome of Board deliberations. We cannot assure you that these conflicts of interest will not materially adversely affect us.