.

     Our business is subject to a variety of risks, including the risks described below. You
should carefully consider these risks when evaluating us and our securities. The risks and
uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing our company. We are also subject to a
variety of risks that affect many other companies generally, as well as additional risks and
uncertainties not known to us or that we currently believe are not as significant as the risks
described below. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows, and the trading prices of our securities, may be materially
and adversely affected.

Our business depends on the level of activity in the oil and gas industry, which is significantly
affected by volatile oil and gas prices.

     Our business depends on the level of activity in offshore oil and gas exploration, development
and production in markets worldwide. Worldwide demand for oil and gas, oil and gas prices, market
expectations of potential changes in these prices and a variety of political and economic factors
significantly affect this level of activity. However, higher or lower commodity demand and prices
do not necessarily translate into increased or decreased drilling activity since our customers’
project development time, reserve replacement needs, as well as expectations of future commodity
demand and prices all combine to affect demand for our rigs. Oil and gas prices have been, and are
expected to continue to be, extremely volatile and are affected by numerous factors beyond our
control, including:

•

worldwide demand for oil and gas;

•

the level of economic activity in energy-consuming markets;

•

the worldwide economic environment or economic trends, such as recessions;

•

the ability of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, commonly called
OPEC, to set and maintain production levels and pricing;

•

the level of production in non-OPEC countries;

8

Table of Contents

•

the worldwide political and military environment, including uncertainty or
instability resulting from an escalation or additional outbreak of armed hostilities in
the Middle East, other oil-producing regions or other geographic areas or further acts
of terrorism in the United States or elsewhere;

•

the cost of exploring for, producing and delivering oil and gas;

•

the discovery rate of new oil and gas reserves;

•

the rate of decline of existing and new oil and gas reserves;

•

available pipeline and other oil and gas transportation capacity;

•

the ability of oil and gas companies to raise capital;

•

weather conditions in the United States and elsewhere;

•

the policies of various governments regarding exploration and development of their
oil and gas reserves;

•

development and exploitation of alternative fuels;

•

competition for customers’ drilling budgets from land-based energy markets around the
world;

•

domestic and foreign tax policy; and

•

advances in exploration and development technology.

The continuing global financial crisis and worldwide economic downturn has had, and may continue to
have, a negative impact on our business and financial condition.

     The continuing worldwide financial crisis has reduced the availability of liquidity and in
some cases has reduced the availability of and/or increased the cost of credit to fund the
continuation and expansion of industrial business operations worldwide, and has led to a worldwide
economic recession. This deterioration of the worldwide economy has resulted in reduced demand for
crude oil and natural gas, exploration and production activity and offshore drilling services that
has had a negative impact on our business and financial condition, including declines in dayrates
earned by our drilling rigs and a decrease in new contract activity, which may continue and may
worsen.

     In addition, the worldwide economic recession has had, and could continue to have, a negative
impact on our customers and/or our suppliers including, among other things, causing them to fail to
meet their obligations to us. Additionally, if a potential customer is unable to obtain an
adequate level of credit, it may preclude us from doing business with that potential customer.
Similarly, the restricted credit market could affect lenders participating in our credit facility,
making them unable to fulfill their commitments and obligations to us. Any such reductions in
drilling activity or failure by our customers, suppliers or lenders to meet their contractual
obligations to us, or our inability to secure additional financing, could adversely affect our
financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Our industry is highly competitive and cyclical, with intense price competition.

     The offshore contract drilling industry is highly competitive with numerous industry
participants, none of which at the present time has a dominant market share. Some of our
competitors may have greater financial or other resources than we do. The drilling industry has
experienced consolidation in recent years and may experience additional consolidation, which could
create additional large competitors. Drilling contracts are traditionally awarded on a competitive
bid basis. Intense price competition is often the primary factor in determining which qualified
contractor is awarded a job, although rig availability and location, a drilling contractor’s safety
record and the quality and technical capability of service and equipment may also be considered.
Mergers among oil and natural gas exploration and production companies, as well as the contraction
of the global economy, have reduced the number of available customers, increasing competition.

     Our industry has historically been cyclical. There have been periods of lower demand, excess
rig supply and low dayrates, followed by periods of high demand, short rig supply and high
dayrates. We cannot predict the timing or duration of such business cycles. Periods of excess rig
supply intensify the competition in the industry and often result in rigs being idle for long
periods of time. In response to a contraction in demand for our drilling services, we have cold
stacked three of our rigs as of the date of this report and are in the process of cold stacking a
fourth unit. We also may be required to idle additional rigs or to enter into lower rate
contracts. Prolonged periods of low utilization and dayrates could also result in the recognition
of impairment charges on certain of our drilling rigs if future cash flow estimates, based upon
information available to management at the time, indicate that the carrying value of these rigs may
not be recoverable.

     Significant new rig construction and upgrades of existing drilling units could also intensify
price competition. As of the date of this report, based on analyst reports, we believe that there
are approximately 50 jack-up rigs and 70

9

Table of Contents

floaters on order and scheduled for delivery between 2010 and 2012. The resulting increases in rig
supply could be sufficient to further depress rig utilization and intensify price competition from
both existing competitors, as well as new entrants into the offshore drilling market. As of the
date of this report, not all of the rigs currently under construction have been contracted for
future work, which may further intensify price competition as scheduled delivery dates occur. This
potential oversupply of uncontracted rigs is greater in the jack-up market than it is in the
floater market. However, the majority of the floaters on order are dynamically-positioned drilling
units, which further increases competition with our fleet in certain circumstances, depending on
customer requirements.

We can provide no assurance that our current backlog of contract drilling revenue will be
ultimately realized.

     As of the date of this report, our contract drilling backlog was approximately $8.5 billion
for contracted future work extending, in some cases, until 2016. Generally, contract backlog only
includes future earnings under firm commitments; however, from time to time, we may report
anticipated commitments for which definitive agreements have not yet been executed. We can provide
no assurance that we will be able to perform under these contracts due to events beyond our control
or that we will be able to ultimately execute a definitive agreement in cases where one does not
currently exist. In addition, we can provide no assurance that our customers will be able to or
willing to fulfill their contractual commitments to us. Our inability to perform under our
contractual obligations or to execute definitive agreements or our customers’ inability to fulfill
their contractual commitments to us may have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations – Overview – Contract Drilling Backlog” included in Item 7 of
this report.

We rely heavily on a relatively small number of customers and the loss of a significant customer
and/or a dispute that leads to the loss of a customer could have a material adverse impact on our
financial results.

     We provide offshore drilling services to a customer base that includes major and independent
oil and gas companies and government-owned oil companies. However, the number of potential
customers has decreased in recent years as a result of mergers among the major international oil
companies and large independent oil companies. In 2009, our five largest customers in the
aggregate accounted for 41% of our consolidated revenues. We expect Petrobras, who accounted for
approximately 15% of our consolidated revenues in 2009, to continue to be a significant customer in
2010. While it is normal for our customer base to change over time as work programs are completed,
the loss of any major customer may have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
results of operations and cash flows.

The terms of our drilling contracts may limit our ability to attain profitability in a declining
market or to benefit from increasing dayrates in an improving market.

     The duration of offshore drilling contracts is generally determined by customer requirements
and, to a lesser extent, the respective management strategies of the offshore drilling contractors.
In periods of decreasing demand for offshore rigs, drilling contractors generally prefer longer
term contracts, but often at flat or slightly lower dayrates, to preserve dayrates at existing
levels and ensure utilization, while customers prefer shorter contracts that allow them to more
quickly obtain the benefit of lower dayrates. Conversely, in periods of rising demand for offshore
rigs, contractors typically prefer shorter contracts that allow them to more quickly profit from
increasing dayrates. In contrast, during these periods customers with reasonably definite drilling
programs typically prefer longer term contracts to maintain dayrate prices at a consistent level.
An inability to obtain longer term contracts in a declining market or to fully benefit from
increasing dayrates in an improving market through shorter term contracts may limit our
profitability.

Contracts for our drilling units are generally fixed dayrate contracts, and increases in our
operating costs could adversely affect our profitability on those contracts.

     Our contracts for our drilling units provide for the payment of a fixed dayrate per rig
operating day, although some contracts do provide for a limited escalation in dayrate due to
increased operating costs incurred by us. Many of our operating costs, such as labor costs, are
unpredictable and fluctuate based on events beyond our control. The gross margin that we realize
on these fixed dayrate contracts will fluctuate based on variations in our operating costs over the
terms of the contracts. In addition, for contracts with dayrate escalation clauses, we may not be
able to fully recover increased or unforeseen costs from our customers. Our inability to recover
these increased or unforeseen costs from our customers could adversely affect our financial
position, results of operations and cash flows.

10

Table of Contents

Our drilling contracts may be terminated due to events beyond our control.

     Our customers may terminate some of our term drilling contracts if the drilling unit is
destroyed or lost or if we have to suspend drilling operations for a specified period of time as a
result of a breakdown of major equipment or, in some cases, due to other events beyond the control
of either party. In addition, some of our drilling contracts permit the customer to terminate the
contract after specified notice periods by tendering contractually specified termination amounts.
These termination payments may not fully compensate us for the loss of a contract. In addition,
the early termination of a contract may result in a rig being idle for an extended period of time,
which could adversely affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. During
periods of depressed market conditions, we may be subject to an increased risk of our customers
seeking to repudiate their contracts. Our customers’ ability to perform their obligations under
drilling contracts with us may also be adversely affected by restricted credit markets and the
economic downturn. If our customers cancel some of their contracts, and we are unable to secure
new contracts on a timely basis and on substantially similar terms, or if contracts are suspended
for an extended period of time or if a number of our contracts are renegotiated, it could adversely
affect our financial position, results of operations or cash flows.

Our business involves numerous operating hazards, and we are not fully insured against all of them.

     Our operations are subject to the usual hazards inherent in drilling for oil and gas offshore,
such as blowouts, reservoir damage, loss of production, loss of well control, punchthroughs,
craterings, fires and natural disasters such as hurricanes. The occurrence of these events could
result in the suspension of drilling operations, damage to or destruction of the equipment involved
and injury or death to rig personnel, damage to producing or potentially productive oil and gas
formations and environmental damage, and could have a material adverse effect on our results of
operations and financial condition. Operations also may be suspended because of machinery
breakdowns, abnormal drilling conditions, failure of subcontractors to perform or supply goods or
services or personnel shortages. In addition, offshore drilling operators are subject to perils
peculiar to marine operations, including capsizing, grounding, collision and loss or damage from
severe weather, and we do not typically retain loss-of-hire insurance policies to cover our rigs.
Damage to the environment could also result from our operations, particularly through oil spillage
or extensive uncontrolled fires. Pollution and environmental risks generally are not fully
insurable. We may also be subject to damage claims by oil and gas companies or other parties.

     Our insurance policies and contractual rights to indemnity may not adequately cover our
losses, or may have exclusions of coverage for some losses. We do not have insurance coverage or
rights to indemnity for all risks, including, among other things, liability risk for certain
amounts of excess coverage and certain physical damage risk. If a significant accident or other
event occurs and is not fully covered by insurance or contractual indemnity, it could adversely
affect our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. There can be no assurance that
we will continue to carry the insurance we currently maintain or that those parties with
contractual obligations to indemnify us will necessarily be financially able to indemnify us
against all these risks. In addition, no assurance can be made that we will be able to maintain
adequate insurance in the future at rates we consider to be reasonable or that we will be able to
obtain insurance against some risks.

We have elected to self-insure for physical damage to rigs and equipment caused by named windstorms
in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico.

     Because the amount of insurance coverage available to us has been limited, and the cost for
such coverage has increased substantially, we have elected to self-insure for physical damage to
rigs and equipment caused by named windstorms in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. This results in a higher
risk of losses, which could be material, that are not covered by third party insurance contracts.
If one or more named windstorms in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico cause significant damage to our rigs or
equipment, it could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations
or cash flows.

A significant portion of our operations are conducted outside the United States and involve
additional risks not associated with domestic operations.

     We operate in various regions throughout the world which may expose us to political and other
uncertainties, including risks of:

•

terrorist acts, war and civil disturbances;

11

Table of Contents

•

piracy or assaults on property or personnel;

•

kidnapping of personnel;

•

expropriation of property or equipment;

•

renegotiation or nullification of existing contracts;

•

changing political conditions;

•

foreign and domestic monetary policies;

•

the inability to repatriate income or capital;

•

difficulties in collecting accounts receivable and longer collection periods;

•

fluctuations in currency exchange rates;

•

regulatory or financial requirements to comply with foreign bureaucratic actions;

•

travel limitations or operational problems caused by public health threats; and

•

changing taxation policies.

     We are subject to the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control and other
U.S. laws and regulations governing our international operations. In addition, international
contract drilling operations are subject to various laws and regulations in countries in which we
operate, including laws and regulations relating to:

•

the equipping and operation of drilling units;

•

import-export quotas or other trade barriers;

•

repatriation of foreign earnings;

•

oil and gas exploration and development;

•

taxation of offshore earnings and earnings of expatriate personnel; and

•

use and compensation of local employees and suppliers by foreign contractors.

     Some foreign governments favor or effectively require the awarding of drilling contracts to
local contractors, require use of a local agent or require foreign contractors to employ citizens
of, or purchase supplies from, a particular jurisdiction. These practices may adversely affect our
ability to compete in those regions. It is difficult to predict what governmental regulations may
be enacted in the future that could adversely affect the international drilling industry. The
actions of foreign governments may adversely affect our ability to compete.

     As of the date of this report, the greatest concentration of our operating assets outside the
United States was offshore Brazil, where we had 12 rigs in our fleet either currently working or
contracted to work during 2010.

Our drilling contracts offshore Mexico expose us to greater risks than we normally assume.

     We currently operate, and expect to continue to operate, our drilling rigs offshore Mexico for
PEMEX – Exploración Y Producción, or PEMEX, the national oil company of Mexico. The terms of these
contracts expose us to greater risks than we normally assume, such as exposure to greater
environmental liability. In addition, each contract can be terminated by PEMEX on 30 days notice,
contractually or by statute, subject to certain conditions. While we believe that the financial
terms of these contracts and our operating safeguards in place mitigate these risks, we can provide
no assurance that the increased risk exposure will not have a negative impact on our future
operations or financial results.

Fluctuations in exchange rates and nonconvertibility of currencies could result in losses to us.

     Due to our international operations, we have experienced currency exchange losses where
revenues are received and expenses are paid in nonconvertible currencies or where we do
not effectively hedge an exposure to a foreign currency. We may also incur losses as a result of
an inability to collect revenues because of a shortage of convertible currency available to the
country of operation, controls over currency exchange or controls over the repatriation of income
or capital. We can provide no assurance that financial hedging arrangements will effectively hedge
any foreign currency fluctuation losses that may arise.

Changes in laws, effective income tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our
tax returns could adversely affect our financial results.

     Tax laws and regulations are highly complex and subject to interpretation and disputes. We
conduct our worldwide operations through various subsidiaries and operating structures in a number
of different jurisdictions. We are subject to the tax laws, tax regulations and income tax
treaties within and between the countries in which we

12

Table of Contents

operate as well as countries in which we may be resident. We determine our income tax expense
based on our interpretation of the applicable tax laws and regulations in effect in each
jurisdiction for the period during which we operate and earn income. Our overall effective tax rate
could be adversely and suddenly affected by lower than anticipated earnings in countries where we
have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated earnings in countries where we have higher
statutory rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities or by
changes in tax law, tax treaties, regulations, accounting principles or interpretations thereof in
one or more countries in which we operate.

     Our income tax returns are subject to review and examination. We do not recognize the benefit
of income tax positions we believe are more likely than not to be disallowed upon challenge by a
tax authority. If any tax authority successfully challenges our operational structure, intercompany
pricing policies or the taxable presence of our key subsidiaries in certain countries; or if the
terms of certain income tax treaties are interpreted in a manner that is adverse to our structure;
or if we lose a material tax dispute in any country, our effective tax rate on our worldwide
earnings could increase substantially and our earnings and cash flows from operations could be
materially adversely affected.

We may be required to accrue additional tax liability on certain of our foreign earnings.

     Certain of our international rigs are owned and operated, directly or indirectly, by Diamond
Offshore International Limited, or DOIL, our wholly-owned Cayman Islands subsidiary. Since forming
this subsidiary it has been our intention to indefinitely reinvest the earnings of this subsidiary
to finance foreign operations. During 2007, DOIL made a non-recurring distribution to its U.S.
parent company, and we recognized U.S. federal income tax expense on the portion of the
distribution that consisted of earnings of the subsidiary that had not previously been subjected to
U.S. federal income tax. Notwithstanding the non-recurring distribution made in December 2007, it
remains our intention to indefinitely reinvest the future earnings of DOIL to finance foreign
activities, except for the earnings of Diamond East Asia Limited, or DEAL, a wholly-owned
subsidiary of DOIL formed in December 2008. It is our intention to repatriate the earnings of
DEAL, and U.S. income taxes will be provided on such earnings. We do not expect to provide for
U.S. taxes on any future earnings generated by DOIL, except to the extent that these earnings are
immediately subjected to U.S. federal income tax or as they relate to DEAL. Should a future
distribution be made from any unremitted earnings of this subsidiary, we may be required to record
additional U.S. income taxes that, if material, could have an adverse effect on our financial
position, results of operations and cash flows.

Future acts of terrorism and other political and military events could adversely affect the markets
for our drilling services.

     Terrorist acts and political events around the world have resulted in military actions in
Afghanistan and Iraq, as well as related political and economic unrest in various parts of the
world. Future terrorist attacks and the continued threat of terrorism in the U.S. or abroad, the
continuation or escalation of existing armed hostilities or the outbreak of additional hostilities
could lead to increased political, economic and financial market instability and a downturn in the
economies of the U.S. and other countries. A lower level of economic activity could result in a
decline in energy consumption or an increase in the volatility of energy prices, either of which
could adversely affect the market for our offshore drilling services, our dayrates or utilization
and, accordingly, our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, it
has been reported that terrorists might target domestic energy facilities. While we take steps that
we believe are appropriate to increase the security of our energy assets, there is no assurance
that we can completely secure these assets, completely protect them against a terrorist attack or
obtain adequate insurance coverage for terrorist acts at reasonable rates. Moreover, U.S.
government regulations may effectively preclude us from actively engaging in business activities in
certain countries. These regulations could be amended to cover countries where we currently
operate or where we may wish to operate in the future.

Public health threats could have a material adverse effect on our operations and financial results

.

     Public health threats such as outbreaks of highly communicable diseases, which periodically
occur in various parts of the world in which we operate, could adversely impact our operations, the
operations of our customers and the global economy, including the worldwide demand for oil and
natural gas and the level of demand for our services. Any quarantine of personnel or inability to
access our offices or rigs could adversely affect our operations. Travel restrictions or
operational problems in any part of the world in which we operate, or any reduction in the demand
for drilling services caused by public health threats in the future, may have a material adverse
effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

13

Table of Contents

We may be subject to litigation that could have an adverse effect on us.

     We are, from time to time, involved in various litigation matters. These matters may include,
among other things, contract disputes, personal injury claims, environmental claims or proceedings,
asbestos and other toxic tort claims, employment and tax matters and other litigation that arises
in the ordinary course of our business. Although we intend to defend these matters vigorously, we
cannot predict with certainty the outcome or effect of any claim or other litigation matter, and
there can be no assurance as to the ultimate outcome of any litigation. Litigation may have an
adverse effect on us because of potential adverse outcomes, defense costs, the diversion of our
management’s resources and other factors.

Governmental laws and regulations may add to our costs or limit our drilling activity.

     Our operations are affected from time to time in varying degrees by governmental laws and
regulations. The drilling industry is dependent on demand for services from the oil and gas
exploration industry and, accordingly, is affected by changing tax and other laws relating to the
energy business generally. We may be required to make significant capital expenditures to comply
with governmental laws and regulations. It is also possible that these laws and regulations may in
the future add significantly to our operating costs or may significantly limit drilling activity.

     Governments in some foreign countries are increasingly active in regulating and controlling
the ownership of concessions, the exploration for oil and gas and other aspects of the oil and gas
industries. The modification of existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or
regulations curtailing exploratory or developmental drilling for oil and gas for economic,
environmental or other reasons could materially and adversely affect our operations by limiting
drilling opportunities.

     As awareness of climate change issues increases, governments around the world are beginning to
address the matter. This may result in new environmental regulations that may unfavorably impact
us, our suppliers and our customers. We may be exposed to risks related to new laws or regulations
pertaining to climate change, carbon emissions or energy use that could decrease the use of oil or
natural gas, thus reducing demand for hydrocarbon-based fuel and our drilling services.
Governments may also pass laws or regulations encouraging or mandating the use of alternative
energy sources, such as wind power and solar energy, which may reduce demand for oil and natural
gas and our drilling services. In addition, new laws or regulations may require an increase in our
capital spending for additional equipment to comply with such requirements and could also result in
a reduction in revenues associated with downtime required to install such equipment.

     The Minerals Management Service of the U.S. Department of the Interior, or MMS, has
established guidelines for drilling operations in the GOM. We believe that we are currently in
compliance with the existing regulations set forth by the MMS with respect to our operations in the
GOM; however, these regulations are continually under review by the MMS and may change from time to
time. Implementation of additional MMS regulations may subject us to increased costs of operating,
or a reduction in the area and/or periods of operation, in the GOM.

Compliance with or breach of environmental laws can be costly and could limit our operations.

     In the United States and in many of the international locations in which we operate,
regulations controlling the discharge of materials into the environment, requiring removal and
cleanup of materials that may harm the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the
environment apply to some of our operations. For example, we, as an operator of mobile offshore
drilling units in navigable United States waters and some offshore areas, may be liable for damages
and costs incurred in connection with oil spills related to those operations. Laws and regulations
protecting the environment have become increasingly stringent, and may in some cases impose “strict
liability,” rendering a person liable for environmental damage without regard to negligence or
fault on the part of that person. These laws and regulations may expose us to liability for the
conduct of or conditions caused by others or for acts that were in compliance with all applicable
laws at the time they were performed.

     The United States Oil Pollution Act of 1990, or OPA ’90, and similar legislation enacted in
Texas, Louisiana and other coastal states, addresses oil spill prevention and control and
significantly expands liability exposure across all segments of the oil and gas industry. OPA ’90
and such similar legislation and related regulations impose a variety of obligations on us related
to the prevention of oil spills and liability for damages resulting from such spills. OPA ‘90
imposes strict and, with limited exceptions, joint and several liability upon each responsible
party for oil removal costs and a variety of public and private damages.

14

Table of Contents

     The application of these requirements or the adoption of new requirements could have a
material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows.

Failure to obtain and retain highly skilled personnel could hurt our operations.

     We require highly skilled personnel to operate and provide technical services and support for
our business. To the extent that demand for drilling services and the size of the worldwide
industry fleet increase (including the impact of newly constructed rigs), shortages of qualified
personnel could arise, creating upward pressure on wages and difficulty in staffing and servicing
our rigs, which could adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, the entrance of
new participants into the offshore drilling market would cause further competition for qualified
and experienced personnel as these entities seek to hire personnel with expertise in the offshore
drilling industry. The heightened competition for skilled personnel could adversely impact our
financial position, results of operations and cash flows by limiting our operations or further
increasing our costs.

Although we have paid special cash dividends in the past, we may not pay special cash dividends in
the future and we can give no assurance as to the amount or timing of the payment of any future
special cash dividends.

     We have adopted a policy to consider paying special cash dividends, in amounts to be
determined, on a quarterly basis. Any determination to declare a special cash dividend, as well as
the amount of any special cash dividend which may be declared, will be based on our financial
position, earnings, earnings outlook, capital spending plans and other factors that our Board of
Directors considers relevant at that time. Moreover, our dividend policy may change from time to
time. We cannot assure you that we will continue to declare any special cash dividends at all or
in any particular amounts. If in the future we pay special cash dividends less frequently or in
smaller amounts, or cease to pay any special cash dividends, it could have a negative effect on the
market price of our common stock. See “Market for the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related
Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities – Dividend Policy” included in Item 5
of this report and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations – Sources of Liquidity and Capital Resources” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations – Historical Cash Flows” included in Item 7 of
this report.

Rig conversions, upgrades or new-builds may be subject to delays and cost overruns.

     From time to time we may undertake to add new capacity through conversions or upgrades to our
existing rigs or through new construction. Projects of this type are subject to risks of delay or
cost overruns inherent in any large construction project resulting from numerous factors, including
the following:

•

shortages of equipment, materials or skilled labor;

•

work stoppages;

•

unscheduled delays in the delivery of ordered materials and equipment;

•

unanticipated cost increases;

•

weather interferences;

•

difficulties in obtaining necessary permits or in meeting permit conditions;

•

design and engineering problems;

•

customer acceptance delays;

•

shipyard failures or unavailability; and

•

failure or delay of third party service providers and labor disputes.

     Failure to complete a rig upgrade or new construction on time, or failure to complete a rig
conversion or new construction in accordance with its design specifications may, in some
circumstances, result in the delay, renegotiation or cancellation of a drilling contract, resulting
in a loss of revenue to us. If a drilling contract is terminated under these circumstances, we may
not be able to secure a replacement contract with equally favorable terms.

Our debt levels may limit our liquidity and flexibility in obtaining additional financing and in
pursuing other business opportunities.

     As of December 31, 2009, we had $1.5 billion in long-term debt. Our ability to meet our debt
service

15

Table of Contents

obligations is dependent upon our future performance, which is subject to general economic
conditions, industry cycles and financial, business and other factors affecting our operations,
many of which are beyond our control. Our debt levels and the terms of our indebtedness may limit
our liquidity and flexibility in obtaining additional financing and pursuing other business
opportunities. In addition, our overall debt level and/or market conditions could lead the credit
rating agencies to lower our corporate credit ratings. A downgrade in our corporate credit ratings
could impact our ability to issue additional debt by raising the cost of issuing new debt. As a
consequence, we may not be able to issue additional debt in amounts and/or with terms that we
consider to be reasonable. This could limit our ability to pursue other business opportunities.

We are controlled by a single stockholder, which could result in potential conflicts of interest.

     Loews Corporation, which we refer to as Loews, beneficially owned approximately 50.4% of our
outstanding shares of common stock as of February 19, 2010 and is in a position to control actions
that require the consent of stockholders, including the election of directors, amendment of our
Restated Certificate of Incorporation and any merger or sale of substantially all of our assets. In
addition, three officers of Loews serve on our Board of Directors. One of those, James S. Tisch,
the Chairman of the Board of our company, is also the Chief Executive Officer and a director of
Loews. We have also entered into a services agreement and a registration rights agreement with
Loews and we may in the future enter into other agreements with Loews.

     Loews and its subsidiaries and we are generally engaged in businesses sufficiently different
from each other as to make conflicts as to possible corporate opportunities unlikely. However, it
is possible that Loews may in some circumstances be in direct or indirect competition with us,
including competition with respect to certain business strategies and transactions that we may
propose to undertake. In addition, potential conflicts of interest exist or could arise in the
future for our directors who are also officers of Loews with respect to a number of areas relating
to the past and ongoing relationships of Loews and us, including tax and insurance matters,
financial commitments and sales of common stock pursuant to registration rights or otherwise.
Although the affected directors may abstain from voting on matters in which our interests and those
of Loews are in conflict so as to avoid potential violations of their fiduciary duties to
stockholders, the presence of potential or actual conflicts could affect the process or outcome of
Board deliberations. We cannot assure you that these conflicts of interest will not materially
adversely affect us.