. 

Our business is subject to a variety of risks, including the risks described below. You should carefully consider these risks when evaluating us and our securities. The risks and uncertainties
described below are not the only ones facing our company. We are also subject to a variety of risks that affect many other companies generally, as well as additional risks and uncertainties not known to us or that, as of the date of this report, we
believe are not as significant as the risks described below. If any of the following risks actually occur, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and the trading prices of our securities, may be materially and
adversely affected. 

Our business depends on the level of activity in the oil and gas industry, which is
significantly affected by volatile oil and gas prices. 

Our business depends on the level of activity in
offshore oil and gas exploration, development and production in markets worldwide. Worldwide demand for oil and gas, oil and gas prices, market expectations of potential changes in these prices and a variety of political and economic factors
significantly affect this level of activity. However, higher or lower commodity demand and prices do not necessarily translate into increased or decreased drilling activity since our customers’ project development time, reserve replacement
needs, as well as expectations of future commodity demand and prices all combine to affect demand for our rigs. In addition, the level of offshore drilling activity may be adversely affected if operators reduce or defer new investment in offshore
projects or reallocate their drilling budgets away from offshore drilling in favor of shale plays or other land-based energy markets, which could reduce demand for our rigs and newbuilds. Oil and gas prices have been, and are expected to continue to
be, extremely volatile and are affected by numerous factors beyond our control, including: 

•

 worldwide demand for oil and gas; 

•

 the level of economic activity in energy-consuming markets; 

DIAMOND OFFSHORE / 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

7

Table of Contents

•

 the worldwide economic environment or economic trends, such as recessions; 

•

 the ability of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries, commonly called OPEC, to set and maintain production levels and pricing;

•

 the level of production in non-OPEC countries; 

•

 the worldwide political and military environment, including uncertainty or instability resulting from an escalation or additional outbreak of
armed hostilities in the Middle East, other oil-producing regions or other geographic areas or further acts of terrorism in the United States or elsewhere; 

•

 civil unrest; 

•

 the cost of exploring for, producing and delivering oil and gas; 

•

 the discovery rate of new oil and gas reserves; 

•

 the rate of decline of existing and new oil and gas reserves; 

•

 available pipeline and other oil and gas transportation and refining capacity; 

•

 the ability of oil and gas companies to raise capital; 

•

 weather conditions; 

•

 natural disasters or incidents resulting from operating hazards inherent in offshore drilling, such as oil spills; 

•

 the policies of various governments regarding exploration and development of their oil and gas reserves; 

•

 development and exploitation of alternative fuels or energy sources; 

•

 competition for customers’ drilling budgets from land-based energy markets around the world; 

•

 laws and regulations relating to environmental or energy security matters, including those addressing the risks of global climate change;

•

 domestic and foreign tax policy; and 

•

 advances in exploration and development technology. 

Governmental laws and regulations, both domestic and international, may add to our costs or limit our drilling activity. 

Our operations are affected from time to time in varying degrees by governmental laws and regulations. The offshore drilling
industry is dependent on demand for services from the oil and gas exploration industry and, accordingly, is affected by changing tax and other laws relating to the energy business generally. We may be required to make significant capital
expenditures for additional equipment to comply with existing or new governmental laws and regulations. It is also possible that these laws and regulations may in the future add significantly to our operating costs or result in a reduction in
revenues associated with downtime required to install such equipment, or may otherwise significantly limit drilling activity. 

In the aftermath of the 2010 Macondo well blowout and subsequent investigation into the causes of the event, new rules have been implemented for oil and gas operations in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, or
GOM, and in many of the international locations in which we operate, including new standards for well design, casing and cementing and well control procedures, as well as rules requiring operators to systematically identify risks and establish
safeguards against those risks through a comprehensive safety and environmental management system, or SEMS. New regulations may continue to be announced, including rules regarding drilling systems and equipment, such as blowout preventer and well
control systems and lifesaving systems, as well as rules regarding employee training, engaging personnel in safety management and requiring third party audits of SEMS programs. Such new regulations could require modifications or enhancements to
existing systems and equipment, or require new equipment, and could increase our operating costs 

 8

DIAMOND OFFSHORE / 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents

and cause downtime for our rigs if we are required to take any of them out of service between scheduled surveys or inspections, or if we are required to extend scheduled surveys or inspections,
to meet any such new requirements. We are not able to predict the likelihood, nature or extent of additional rulemaking, nor are we able to predict the future impact of these events on our operations. Additional governmental regulations concerning
licensing, taxation, equipment specifications, training requirements or other matters could increase the costs of our operations, and enhanced permitting requirements, as well as escalating costs borne by our customers, could reduce exploration
activity in the GOM and therefore demand for our services. 

Governments in some countries are increasingly active in
regulating and controlling the ownership of concessions, the exploration for oil and gas and other aspects of the oil and gas industry. The modification of existing laws or regulations or the adoption of new laws or regulations curtailing
exploratory or developmental drilling for oil and gas for economic, environmental or other reasons could materially and adversely affect our operations by limiting drilling opportunities. 

As discussion of climate change issues increases, governments around the world are beginning to adopt laws and regulations to
address the matter. Lawmakers and regulators in the United States and other jurisdictions where we operate have focused increasingly on restricting the emission of carbon dioxide, methane and other “greenhouse” gases. This may result in
new environmental regulations that may unfavorably impact us, our suppliers and our customers. We may be exposed to risks related to new laws, regulations, treaties or international agreements pertaining to climate change, greenhouse gases, carbon
emissions or energy use that could decrease the use of oil or natural gas, thus reducing demand for hydrocarbon-based fuel and our drilling services. Governments may also pass laws or regulations incentivizing or mandating the use of alternative
energy sources, such as wind power and solar energy, which may reduce demand for oil and natural gas and our drilling services. Such laws, regulations, treaties or international agreements could result in increased compliance costs or additional
operating restrictions, which may have a negative impact on our business, and could adversely affect our operations by limiting drilling opportunities. 

Our business involves numerous operating hazards which could expose us to significant losses and significant damage claims. We are not fully insured against all of these risks and our
contractual indemnity provisions may not fully protect us. 

Our operations are subject to the significant
hazards inherent in drilling for oil and gas offshore, such as blowouts, reservoir damage, loss of production, loss of well control, unstable or faulty sea floor conditions, fires and natural disasters such as hurricanes. The occurrence of any of
these types of events could result in the suspension of drilling operations, damage to or destruction of the equipment involved and injury or death to rig personnel, damage to producing or potentially productive oil and gas formations, and oil
spillage, oil leaks, well blowouts and extensive uncontrolled fires, any of which could cause significant environmental damage. In addition, offshore drilling operations are subject to perils peculiar to marine operations, including capsizing,
grounding, collision and loss or damage from severe weather. Operations also may be suspended because of machinery breakdowns, abnormal drilling conditions, failure of suppliers or subcontractors to perform or supply goods or services or personnel
shortages. Any of the foregoing events could result in significant damage or loss to our properties and assets or the properties and assets of others, injury or death to rig personnel or others, significant loss of revenues, and significant damage
claims against us, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Our drilling contracts with our customers provide for varying levels of indemnity and allocation of liabilities between our customers and us with respect to the hazards and risks inherent in, and
damages or losses arising out of, our operations, and we may not be fully protected. Our contracts with our customers generally provide that we and our customers each assume liability for our respective personnel and property. Our contracts also
generally provide that our customers assume most of the responsibility for and indemnify us against loss, damage or other liability resulting from, among other hazards and risks, pollution originating from the well and subsurface damage or loss,
while we typically retain responsibility for and indemnify our customers against pollution originating from the rig. However, in certain drilling contracts we may not be fully indemnified by our customers for damage to their property and/or the
property of their other contractors. In certain contracts we may assume liability for losses or damages (including punitive damages) resulting from pollution or contamination caused by negligent or willful acts of commission or omission by us, our
suppliers and/or subcontractors, generally subject to negotiated caps on a per occurrence basis and/or on an aggregate basis for the term of the contract. In some cases, suppliers or subcontractors who provide equipment or services to us may seek to
limit their liability resulting from pollution or contamination. Our contracts are individually negotiated, and the levels of indemnity and allocation of liabilities in them can vary from contract to contract depending on market conditions,
particular customer requirements and other factors existing at the time a contract is negotiated. 

Additionally, the
enforceability of indemnification provisions in our contracts may be limited or prohibited by applicable law or may not be enforced by courts having jurisdiction, and we could be held liable for substantial losses or damages and for fines and
penalties imposed by regulatory authorities. The indemnification provisions of our contracts may be subject to differing interpretations, and the 

DIAMOND OFFSHORE / 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

9

Table of Contents

laws or courts of certain jurisdictions may enforce such provisions while other laws or courts may find them to be unenforceable, void or limited by public policy considerations, including when
the cause of the underlying loss or damage is our gross negligence or willful misconduct, when punitive damages are attributable to us or when fines or penalties are imposed directly against us. The law with respect to the enforceability of
indemnities varies from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and is unsettled under certain laws that are applicable to our contracts. Current or future litigation in particular jurisdictions, whether or not we are a party, may impact the interpretation and
enforceability of indemnification provisions in our contracts. There can be no assurance that our contracts with our customers, suppliers and subcontractors will fully protect us against all hazards and risks inherent in our operations. There can
also be no assurance that those parties with contractual obligations to indemnify us will be financially able to do so or will otherwise honor their contractual obligations. 

We maintain liability insurance, which includes coverage for environmental damage; however, because of contractual provisions and policy limits, our insurance coverage may not adequately cover our
losses and claim costs. In addition, pollution and environmental risks are generally not fully insurable when they are determined to be the result of criminal acts. Also, we do not typically purchase loss-of-hire insurance to cover lost revenues
when a rig is unable to work. Moreover, insurance costs across the industry have increased following the Macondo incident and, in the future, certain insurance coverage is likely to become more costly and may become less available or not available
at all. Accordingly, it is possible that our losses from the hazards we face could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We believe that the policy limit under our marine liability insurance is within the range that is customary for companies of our
size in the offshore drilling industry and is appropriate for our business. However, if an accident or other event occurs that exceeds our coverage limits or is not an insurable event under our insurance policies, or is not fully covered by
contractual indemnity, it could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. There can be no assurance that we will continue to carry the insurance we currently maintain, that our insurance will
cover all types of losses or that we will be able to maintain adequate insurance in the future at rates we consider to be reasonable or that we will be able to obtain insurance against some risks. 

Accordingly, the occurrence of any of the hazards we face could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows. 

Compliance with or breach of environmental laws can be costly and could limit
our operations. 

In the United States and in many of the international locations in which we operate, laws and
regulations controlling the discharge of materials into the environment, requiring removal and cleanup of materials that may harm the environment or otherwise relating to the protection of the environment apply to some of our operations. For
example, we, as an operator of mobile offshore drilling units in navigable United States waters and some offshore areas, may be liable for damages and costs incurred in connection with oil spills related to those operations. Laws and regulations
protecting the environment have become increasingly stringent, and may in some cases impose “strict liability,” rendering a person liable for environmental damage without regard to negligence or fault on the part of that person. These laws
and regulations may expose us to liability for the conduct of, or conditions caused by, others or for acts that were in compliance with all applicable laws at the time they were performed. 

U.S. federal and state, foreign and international laws and regulations address oil spill prevention and control and impose a
variety of obligations on us related to the prevention of oil spills and liability for damages resulting from such spills. Some of these laws and regulations have significantly expanded liability exposure across all segments of the oil and gas
industry. For example, the United States Oil Pollution Act of 1990 imposes strict and, with limited exceptions, joint and several liability upon each responsible party for oil removal costs and a variety of public and private damages. Failure to
comply with such laws and regulations could subject us to civil or criminal enforcement action, for which we may not receive contractual indemnification or have insurance coverage, and could result in the issuance of injunctions restricting some or
all of our activities in the affected areas. In addition, legislative and regulatory developments may occur following the Macondo well blowout and other recent events that could substantially increase our exposure to liabilities which might arise in
connection with our operations. 

The application of these laws and regulations or the adoption of new laws and
regulations could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our industry is highly competitive and cyclical, with intense price competition. 

The offshore contract drilling industry is highly competitive with numerous industry participants, none of which at the present
time has a dominant market share. Some of our competitors may have greater financial or other resources than we do. The drilling industry has experienced consolidation in the past and may experience additional consolidation, which could create
additional large competitors. 

 10

DIAMOND OFFSHORE / 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents

Drilling contracts are traditionally awarded on a competitive bid basis. Price is typically the primary factor in determining which qualified contractor is awarded a job; however, rig
availability and location, a drilling contractor’s safety record and the quality and technical capability of service and equipment may also be considered. 

Our industry has historically been cyclical. There have been periods of lower demand, excess rig supply and low dayrates, followed by periods of high demand, short rig supply and high dayrates. We
cannot predict the timing or duration of such business cycles. Periods of lower demand or excess rig supply intensify the competition in the industry and often result in periods of low utilization. During these periods, our existing rigs and
newbuilds may not obtain contracts for future work and may be idle for long periods of time or may be able to obtain work only under contracts with lower dayrates or less favorable terms, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. Additionally, prolonged periods of low utilization and dayrates could also result in the recognition of impairment charges on certain of our drilling rigs if future cash flow estimates, based upon
information available to management at the time, indicate that the carrying value of these rigs may not be recoverable. 

Significant new rig construction and upgrades of existing drilling units could also intensify price competition. As of the date of
this report, based on analyst reports, we believe that there are approximately 100 floaters on order and scheduled for delivery between 2014 and 2016, with approximately 32% of these rigs scheduled for delivery in 2014. The resulting increases in
rig supply could be sufficient to depress rig utilization and intensify price competition from both existing competitors, as well as new entrants into the offshore drilling market. As of the date of this report, not all of the rigs currently under
construction have been contracted for future work, which may further intensify price competition as scheduled delivery dates occur. The majority of the floaters on order are dynamically positioned drilling units, which further increases competition
with our fleet in certain circumstances, depending on customer requirements. In Brazil, Petrobras, which accounted for approximately 34% of our consolidated revenues in 2013 and, as of February 5, 2014, accounted for approximately $1.0 billion
and $0.5 billion of our contract drilling backlog in 2014 and in the aggregate for the years 2015 and 2016, respectively, and to which 10 of our floaters are currently contracted, has announced plans to construct locally 28 new ultra-deepwater
drilling units to be delivered beginning in 2015. These new drilling units, if built, would increase rig supply and could intensify price competition in Brazil as well as other markets as they enter the market, would compete with, and could
displace, both our deepwater and ultra-deepwater floaters coming off contract as well as our newbuilds coming to market and could materially adversely affect our utilization rates, particularly in Brazil. 

We may not be able to renew or replace expiring contracts for our existing rigs or obtain contracts for our uncontracted
newbuilds. 

We have a number of customer contracts that will expire in 2014 and 2015. Additionally, certain of
our newbuilds that we expect to come to market during 2014 are contracted on a short-term basis or are currently uncontracted. Although we will seek to secure contracts for these units before construction is completed, our ability to renew or
replace expiring contracts or obtain new contracts, and the terms of any such contracts, will depend on various factors, including market conditions and the specific needs of our customers. Given the highly competitive and historically cyclical
nature of our industry, we may be required to renew or replace expiring contracts or obtain new contracts at dayrates that are below, and potentially substantially below, existing dayrates, or we may be unable to secure contracts for these units.
This could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We
can provide no assurance that our current backlog of contract drilling revenue will be ultimately realized. 

As
of the date of this report, our contract drilling backlog was approximately $6.8 billion for contracted future work extending, in some cases, until 2019. Generally, contract backlog only includes future revenues under firm commitments; however, from
time to time, we may report anticipated commitments for which definitive agreements have not yet been, but are expected to be, executed. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to perform under these contracts due to events beyond our
control or that we will be able to ultimately execute a definitive agreement in cases where one does not currently exist. In addition, we can provide no assurance that our customers will be able to or willing to fulfill their contractual commitments
to us. Our inability to perform under our contractual obligations or to execute definitive agreements, or our customers’ inability or unwillingness to fulfill their contractual commitments to us, may have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See “— Our industry is highly competitive and cyclical, with intense price competition” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations — Market Overview — 
Contract Drilling Backlog” in Item 7 of this report. 

We rely heavily on a relatively small number of customers and the loss of a significant customer and/or a dispute that leads
to the loss of a customer could have a material adverse impact on our financial results. 

We provide offshore
drilling services to a customer base that includes major and independent oil and gas companies and government-owned oil companies. In 2013, our five largest customers in the aggregate accounted for 54% of our consolidated revenues. We expect
Petrobras, which accounted for approximately 34% of our consolidated revenues in 2013, to continue to be a 

DIAMOND OFFSHORE / 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

11

Table of Contents

significant customer in 2014. Our contract drilling backlog, as of the date of this report, includes $1.0 billion, or 36%, in 2014 and $0.5 billion in the aggregate for the years 2015 and
2016, which is attributable to contracts with Petrobras for operations offshore Brazil. Petrobras has announced plans to construct locally 28 new ultra-deepwater drilling units to be delivered beginning in 2015. These new drilling units, if built,
would compete with, and could displace, our deepwater and ultra-deepwater floaters coming off contract and could materially adversely affect our utilization rates, particularly in Brazil. In addition, if Petrobras or another significant customer
experiences liquidity constraints or other financial difficulties, it could materially adversely affect our utilization rates in Brazil or other markets and also displace demand for our other drilling rigs and newbuilds as the resulting excess
supply enters the market. While it is normal for our customer base to change over time as work programs are completed, the loss of, or a significant reduction in the number of rigs contracted with, any major customer may have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Market Overview — 
Contract Drilling Backlog”
in Item 7 of this report. 

The terms of our drilling contracts may limit our ability to attain profitability
in a declining market or to benefit from increasing dayrates in an improving market. 

The duration of offshore
drilling contracts is generally determined by customer requirements and, to a lesser extent, the respective management strategies of the offshore drilling contractors. In periods of decreasing demand for offshore rigs, drilling contractors generally
prefer longer term contracts to preserve dayrates at existing levels and ensure utilization, while customers prefer shorter contracts that allow them to more quickly obtain the benefit of lower dayrates. Conversely, in periods of rising demand for
offshore rigs, contractors typically prefer shorter contracts that allow them to more quickly profit from increasing dayrates, while customers with reasonably definite drilling programs typically prefer longer term contracts to maintain dayrate
prices at a consistent level. We may be exposed to decreasing dayrates if any of our rigs are working under short-term contracts during a declining market. Likewise, if any of our rigs are committed under long-term contracts during an improving
market, we may be unable to enjoy the benefit of rising dayrates for the duration of those contracts. Exposure to falling dayrates in a declining market or the inability to fully benefit from increasing dayrates in an improving market through
shorter term contracts may limit our profitability. 

Contracts for our drilling units are generally fixed dayrate
contracts, and increases in our operating costs could adversely affect our profitability on those contracts. 

Our contracts for our drilling units provide for the payment of a fixed dayrate per rig operating day, although some contracts do
provide for a limited escalation in dayrate due to increased operating costs incurred by us. Many of our operating costs, such as labor costs, are unpredictable and fluctuate based on events beyond our control. In addition, equipment repair and
maintenance expenses fluctuate depending on the type of activity the rig is performing, the age and condition of the equipment and general market factors impacting relevant parts, components and services. The gross margin that we realize on these
fixed dayrate contracts will fluctuate based on variations in our operating costs over the terms of the contracts. In addition, for contracts with dayrate escalation clauses, we may not be able to fully recover increased or unforeseen costs from our
customers. Our inability to recover these increased or unforeseen costs from our customers could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our drilling contracts may be terminated due to events beyond our control. 

Our customers may terminate some of our term drilling contracts if the drilling unit is destroyed or lost or if we have to suspend
drilling operations for a specified period of time as a result of a breakdown of major equipment or, in some cases, due to other events beyond the control of either party. In addition, some of our drilling contracts permit the customer to terminate
the contract after specified notice periods by tendering contractually specified termination amounts. These termination payments may not fully compensate us for the loss of a contract. In some cases, because of depressed market conditions,
restricted credit markets, economic downturns or other factors beyond our control, our customers may repudiate or otherwise fail to perform their obligations under our contracts with them. Any recovery we might obtain in these cases may not fully
compensate us for the loss of the contract. In any case, the early termination of a contract may result in a rig being idle for an extended period of time, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows. If our customers cancel some of our contracts with them or if we elect to terminate in the event that a customer fails to perform, and we are unable to secure new contracts on a timely basis and on substantially similar terms, or if
contracts are disputed or suspended for an extended period of time or if a number of our contracts are renegotiated, it could materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

 12

DIAMOND OFFSHORE / 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents

Significant portions of our operations are conducted outside the United States
and involve additional risks not associated with domestic operations. 

We operate in various regions throughout
the world which may expose us to political and other uncertainties, including risks of: 

•

 war, riot, civil disturbances and acts of terrorism; 

•

 piracy or assaults on property or personnel; 

•

 kidnapping of personnel; 

•

 seizure, expropriation, nationalization, deprivation, malicious damage, or other loss of possession or use, of property or equipment;

•

 renegotiation or nullification of existing contracts; 

•

 disputes and legal proceedings in international jurisdictions; 

•

 changing social, political and economic conditions; 

•

 imposition of wage and price controls, trade barriers or import-export quotas; 

•

 foreign and domestic monetary policies; 

•

 the inability to repatriate income or capital; 

•

 difficulties in collecting accounts receivable and longer collection periods; 

•

 fluctuations in currency exchange rates; 

•

 regulatory or financial requirements to comply with foreign bureaucratic actions; 

•

 travel limitations or operational problems caused by public health threats; 

•

 difficulties in supplying, repairing or replacing equipment or transporting personnel in remote locations; 

•

 difficulties in obtaining visas or work permits for our employees on a timely basis; and 

•

 changing taxation policies and confiscatory or discriminatory taxation. 

We are subject to the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control and other U.S. laws and regulations
governing our international operations in addition to worldwide anti-bribery laws. In addition, international contract drilling operations are subject to various laws and regulations in countries in which we operate, including laws and regulations
relating to: 

•

 the equipping and operation of drilling units; 

•

 import-export quotas or other trade barriers; 

•

 repatriation of foreign earnings or capital; 

•

 oil and gas exploration and development; 

•

 local content requirements; 

•

 taxation of offshore earnings and earnings of expatriate personnel; and 

•

 use and compensation of local employees and suppliers by foreign contractors. 

DIAMOND OFFSHORE / 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

13

Table of Contents

Some foreign governments favor or effectively require the awarding of drilling
contracts to local contractors, require use of a local agent or require foreign contractors to employ citizens of, or purchase supplies from, a particular jurisdiction. These practices may adversely affect our ability to compete in those regions. It
is difficult to predict what governmental regulations may be enacted in the future that could adversely affect the international offshore drilling industry. The actions of foreign governments may materially and adversely affect our ability to
compete. 

In addition, the shipment of goods, including the movement of a drilling rig across international borders,
subjects us to extensive trade laws and regulations. Our import activities are governed by unique customs laws and regulations that differ in each of the countries in which we operate and often impose record keeping and reporting obligations. The
laws and regulations concerning import/export activity and record keeping and reporting requirements are complex and change frequently. These laws and regulations may be enacted, amended, enforced and/or interpreted in a manner that could materially
and adversely impact our operations. Shipments can be delayed and denied export or entry for a variety of reasons, some of which may be outside of our control. Shipping delays or denials could cause unscheduled downtime for our rigs. Failure to
comply with these laws and regulations could result in criminal and civil penalties, economic sanctions, seizure of shipments and/or the contractual withholding of monies owed to us, among other things. 

We may enter into drilling contracts that expose us to greater risks than we normally assume. 

From time to time, we may enter into drilling contracts with national oil companies, government-controlled entities or others that
expose us to greater risks than we normally assume, such as exposure to greater environmental or other liability and more onerous termination provisions giving the customer a right to terminate without cause or upon little or no notice. Upon
termination, these contracts may not result in a payment to us, or if a termination payment is required, it may not fully compensate us for the loss of a contract. In addition, the early termination of a contract may result in a rig being idle for
an extended period of time, which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. While we believe that the financial terms of these contracts and our operating safeguards in place mitigate these risks, we can
provide no assurance that the increased risk exposure will not have a material negative impact on our future operations or financial results. 

Fluctuations in exchange rates and nonconvertibility of currencies could result in losses to us. 

Due to our international operations, we have experienced currency exchange losses where revenues are received and expenses are paid in nonconvertible currencies or where we do not effectively hedge
an exposure to a foreign currency. We may also incur losses as a result of an inability to collect revenues because of a shortage of convertible currency available to the country of operation, controls over currency exchange or controls over the
repatriation of income or capital. We can provide no assurance that financial hedging arrangements will effectively hedge any foreign currency fluctuation losses that may arise. 

Changes in tax laws, effective income tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our tax returns could
adversely affect our financial results. 

Tax laws and regulations are highly complex and subject to
interpretation and disputes. We conduct our worldwide operations through various subsidiaries in a number of different jurisdictions. We are subject to the tax laws, tax regulations and income tax treaties within and between the countries in which
we operate as well as countries in which we may be resident. We determine our income tax expense based on our interpretation of the applicable tax laws and regulations in effect in each jurisdiction for the period during which we operate and earn
income. Our overall effective tax rate could be adversely and suddenly affected by lower than anticipated earnings in countries where we have lower statutory rates and higher than anticipated earnings in countries where we have higher statutory
rates, by changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities or by changes in tax law, tax treaties, regulations, accounting principles or interpretations thereof in one or more countries in which we operate. 

Our income tax returns are subject to review and examination. We do not recognize the benefit of income tax positions we believe
are more likely than not to be disallowed upon challenge by a tax authority. If any tax authority successfully challenges any tax position taken or intercompany pricing policies, or if the terms of certain income tax treaties are interpreted in a
manner that is adverse to us or our operations, or if we lose a material tax dispute in any country, our effective tax rate on our worldwide earnings could increase substantially and our earnings and cash flows from operations could be materially
adversely affected. 

We may be required to accrue additional tax liability on certain of our foreign earnings.

Certain of our international rigs are owned and operated, directly or indirectly, by Diamond Offshore
International Limited, or DOIL, a Cayman Islands subsidiary which we wholly own. It is our intention to indefinitely reinvest future earnings of DOIL and its foreign subsidiaries to finance foreign activities. We do not expect to provide for U.S.
taxes on any future earnings generated by DOIL, except to 

 14

DIAMOND OFFSHORE / 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents

the extent that these earnings are immediately subjected to U.S. federal income tax. Should a future distribution be made from any unremitted earnings of this subsidiary, we may be required to
record additional U.S. income taxes that, if material, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Acts of terrorism and other political and military events could adversely affect the markets for our drilling services. 

Terrorist attacks and the continued threat of terrorism in the U.S. and abroad, the continuation or escalation of existing armed
hostilities or the outbreak of additional hostilities could lead to increased political, economic and financial market instability and a downturn in the economies of the U.S. and other countries. A lower level of economic activity could result in a
decline in energy consumption or an increase in the volatility of energy prices, either of which could materially and adversely affect the market for our offshore drilling services, our dayrates or utilization and, accordingly, our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. While we take steps that we believe are appropriate to secure our energy assets, there is no assurance that we can completely secure these assets, completely protect them against a terrorist attack or
other political and military events or obtain adequate insurance coverage for such events at reasonable rates. 

We
may be subject to litigation that could have a material adverse effect on us. 

We are, from time to time,
involved in various litigation matters. These matters may include, among other things, contract disputes, personal injury claims, environmental claims or proceedings, asbestos and other toxic tort claims, employment and tax matters and other
litigation that arises in the ordinary course of our business. Although we intend to defend these matters vigorously, we cannot predict with certainty the outcome or effect of any claim or other litigation matter, and there can be no assurance as to
the ultimate outcome of any litigation. We may not have insurance for litigation or claims that may arise, or if we do have insurance coverage it may not be sufficient, insurers may not remain solvent, other claims may exhaust some or all of the
insurance available to us or insurers may interpret our insurance policies such that they do not cover losses for which we make claims or may otherwise dispute claims made. Litigation may have a material adverse effect on us because of potential
adverse outcomes, defense costs, the diversion of our management’s resources and other factors. 

Failure to
obtain and retain highly skilled personnel could hurt our operations. 

We require highly skilled personnel to
operate and provide technical services and support for our business. To the extent that demand for drilling services and the size of the worldwide industry fleet increase (including due to the impact of newly constructed rigs), shortages of
qualified personnel could arise, creating upward pressure on wages and difficulty in staffing and servicing our rigs, which could adversely affect our results of operations. As of the date of this report, we have three new ultra-deepwater drillships
and one ultra-deepwater, semisubmersible rig, as well as the Ocean Apex, under construction. These rigs are not yet fully crewed, as of the date of this report, and will require additional skilled personnel to operate. Additional new capacity
in the offshore drilling market could also cause further competition for qualified and experienced personnel as these entities seek to hire personnel with expertise in the offshore drilling industry. The heightened competition for skilled personnel
could materially and adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows by limiting our operations and further increasing our costs. 

Although we have paid special cash dividends in the past, we may not pay special cash dividends in the future and we can give no assurance as to the amount or timing of the payment of any
future special cash dividends. 

We have adopted a policy to consider paying special cash dividends, in amounts
to be determined, on a quarterly basis. Any determination to declare a special cash dividend, as well as the amount of any special cash dividend which may be declared, will be based on our financial position, earnings, earnings outlook, capital
spending plans and other factors that our Board of Directors considers relevant at that time. Moreover, our dividend policy may change from time to time. We cannot assure you that we will continue to declare any special cash dividends at all or in
any particular amounts. If in the future we pay special cash dividends less frequently or in smaller amounts, or cease to pay any special cash dividends, it could have a negative effect on the market price of our common stock. See “Market for
the Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities — Dividend Policy” in Item 5 of this report and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
Results of Operations — Liquidity and Capital Resources” in Item 7 of this report. 

Rig
conversions, upgrades or new-builds may be subject to delays and cost overruns. 

From time to time we add new
capacity through conversions or upgrades to our existing rigs or through new construction, such as our three ultra-deepwater drillships and our harsh environment, ultra-deepwater semisubmersible rig under construction and

DIAMOND OFFSHORE / 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

15

Table of Contents

construction of the Ocean Apex. Projects of this type are subject to risks of delay or cost overruns inherent in any large construction project resulting from numerous factors, including
the following: 

•

 shortages of equipment, materials or skilled labor; 

•

 work stoppages; 

•

 unscheduled delays in the delivery of ordered materials and equipment; 

•

 unanticipated cost increases or change orders; 

•

 weather interferences or storm damage; 

•

 difficulties in obtaining necessary permits or in meeting permit conditions; 

•

 design and engineering problems; 

•

 disputes with shipyards or suppliers; 

•

 availability of suppliers to recertify equipment for enhanced regulations; 

•

 customer acceptance delays; 

•

 shipyard failures or unavailability; and 

•

 failure or delay of third party service providers, civil unrest and labor disputes. 

Failure to complete a rig upgrade or new construction on time, or failure to complete a rig conversion or new construction in
accordance with its design specifications may, in some circumstances, result in the delay, renegotiation or cancellation of a drilling contract, resulting in a loss of contract drilling backlog and revenue to us. If a drilling contract is terminated
under these circumstances, we may not be able to secure a replacement contract with equally favorable terms. 

We
rely on third-party suppliers, manufacturers and service providers to secure equipment, components and parts used in rig operations, conversions, upgrades and construction. 

Our reliance on third-party suppliers, manufacturers and service providers to provide equipment and services exposes us to
volatility in the quality, price and availability of such items. Certain components, parts and equipment that we use in our operations may be available only from a small number of suppliers, manufacturers or service providers. The failure of one or
more third-party suppliers, manufacturers or service providers to provide equipment, components, parts or services, whether due to capacity constraints, production or delivery disruptions, price increases, quality control issues, recalls or other
decreased availability of parts and equipment, is beyond our control and could materially disrupt our operations or result in the delay, renegotiation or cancellation of a drilling contract, thereby causing a loss of contract drilling backlog and/or
revenue to us, as well as an increase in operating costs. 

We have elected to self-insure for physical damage to
rigs and equipment caused by named windstorms in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. 

Because the amount of insurance
coverage available to us is limited, and the cost for such coverage is substantial, we have elected to self-insure for physical damage to rigs and equipment caused by named windstorms in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. This results in a higher risk of
losses, which could be material, that are not covered by third party insurance contracts. If one or more named windstorms in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico cause significant damage to our rigs or equipment, it could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our debt levels may limit our liquidity and
flexibility in obtaining additional financing and in pursuing other business opportunities. 

As of
December 31, 2013, we had $2.5 billion in senior debt maturing at various times from September 2014 through 2043. We also had $750 million of availability under our revolving credit facility as of that date. We may borrow from time to time
under our revolving credit facility to fund working capital or other needs, subject to compliance with its covenants. Our ability to meet our debt service 

 16

DIAMOND OFFSHORE / 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents

obligations is dependent upon our future performance, which is subject to general economic conditions, industry cycles and financial, business and other factors affecting our operations, many of
which are beyond our control. Our debt levels and the terms of our indebtedness could potentially limit our liquidity and flexibility in obtaining additional financing at rates which we consider reasonable, or at all. In addition, we may need to
refinance our long-term debt on or before maturity, and our overall debt level and/or market conditions could lead the credit rating agencies to lower our corporate credit ratings. A downgrade in our corporate credit ratings could impact our ability
to issue additional debt by raising the cost of issuing new debt. As a consequence, we may not be able to issue additional debt in amounts and/or with terms that we consider to be reasonable. One or more of these occurrences could limit our ability
to pursue other business opportunities. 

We may incur asset impairments as a result of declining demand for
certain types of offshore drilling rigs. 

We evaluate our property and equipment for impairment whenever changes
in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable (such as cold stacking a rig or excess spending over budget on a new-build, construction project or major rig upgrade), and we could incur impairment charges
related to the carrying value of our drilling rigs. We utilize a probability-weighted cash flow analysis in testing an asset for potential impairment, which reflects management’s assumptions and estimates regarding the appropriate risk-adjusted
dayrate by rig, future industry conditions and operations and other factors. Asset impairment evaluations are, by their nature, highly subjective. The use of different estimates and assumptions could result in materially different carrying values of
our assets which could impact the need to record an impairment charge and the amount of any charge taken. See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations — Market Overview — Critical
Accounting Estimates — 
Property, Plant and Equipment” in Item 7 of this report. 

We can
provide no assurance that our assumptions and estimates will ultimately be realized, nor can we provide any assurance that the current carrying value of our property and equipment, including rigs designated as held for sale, will ultimately be
realized. 

Any significant cyber attack or other interruption in network security or the operation of critical
computer systems could materially disrupt our operations and adversely affect our business. 

The offshore
drilling industry has become increasingly dependent upon digital technologies to conduct day-to-day operations, and we are placing greater reliance on technology to help support our operations and increase efficiency in our business. We are
dependent upon operational and financial computer systems to process the data necessary to conduct almost all aspects of our business. Any failure of our computer systems, or those of our customers, vendors or others with whom we do business, could
materially disrupt our business operations and could result in the corruption of data or unauthorized release of confidential, proprietary or sensitive data concerning our company, business activities, employees or customers. Computer and other
business facilities and systems could become unavailable or impaired from a variety of causes including, among others, storms and other natural disasters, terrorist attacks, utility outages, theft, design defects, human error or complications
encountered as existing systems are maintained, repaired, replaced or upgraded. In addition, it has been reported that unknown entities or groups have mounted so-called “cyber attacks” on businesses and other organizations solely to
disable or disrupt computer systems, disrupt operations and, in some cases, steal data. Any cyber attack that affects our facilities could have a material adverse effect on our operations, business or reputation. 

Unionization efforts and labor regulations in some of the countries in which we operate could materially increase our costs
or limit our flexibility. 

Some of our employees in non-U.S. markets are represented by labor unions and work
under collective bargaining or similar agreements which are subject to periodic renegotiation. These negotiations could result in higher personnel expenses, other increased costs or increased operational restrictions. Efforts have been made from
time to time to unionize other portions of our workforce. In addition, we may be subjected to strikes or work stoppages and other labor disruptions in certain countries. Additional unionization efforts, new collective bargaining agreements or work
stoppages could materially increase our costs, reduce our revenues or limit our flexibility. 

We are controlled by
a single stockholder, which could result in potential conflicts of interest. 

Loews Corporation, which we refer
to as Loews, beneficially owned approximately 50.4% of our outstanding shares of common stock as of February 18, 2014 and is in a position to control actions that require the consent of stockholders, including the election of directors,
amendment of our Restated Certificate of Incorporation and any merger or sale of substantially all of our assets. In addition, two officers of Loews serve on our Board of Directors. One of those, James S. Tisch, the Chairman of the Board of our
company, is also the Chief Executive Officer and a director of Loews. We have also entered into a services agreement and a registration rights agreement with Loews and we may in the future enter into other agreements with Loews. 

DIAMOND OFFSHORE / 2013 ANNUAL REPORT

17

Table of Contents

Loews is a holding company. In addition to us, its principal subsidiaries are CNA
Financial Corporation, a 90% owned subsidiary engaged in commercial property and casualty insurance; HighMount Exploration & Production LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary engaged in exploration, production and marketing of natural gas and
natural gas liquids; Boardwalk Pipeline Partners, LP, a 53% owned subsidiary engaged in transportation and storage of natural gas and natural gas liquids and gathering and processing of natural gas; and Loews Hotels Holding Corporation, a wholly
owned subsidiary engaged in the operation of a chain of hotels. It is possible that Loews may in some circumstances be in direct or indirect competition with us, including competition with respect to certain business strategies and transactions that
we may propose to undertake. In addition, potential conflicts of interest exist or could arise in the future for our directors who are also officers of Loews with respect to a number of areas relating to the past and ongoing relationships of Loews
and us, including tax and insurance matters, financial commitments and sales of common stock pursuant to registration rights or otherwise. Although the affected directors may abstain from voting on matters in which our interests and those of Loews
are in conflict so as to avoid potential violations of their fiduciary duties to stockholders, the presence of potential or actual conflicts could affect the process or outcome of Board deliberations. We cannot assure you that these conflicts of
interest will not materially adversely affect us.