The factors described below represent the Company's principal risks. 

Global Economic Considerations: The Company operates in a global, competitive environment which gives rise to operating and market risk exposure.

The Company sells its broad range of products and services in a competitive, global environment, and competes worldwide for sales on the basis of product quality, price, technology and customer service. Increased levels of competition could result in lower prices or lower sales volume, which could have a negative impact on the Company's results of operations. Sales of the Company's products are also subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations, trade agreements, import and export controls, and duties and tariffs. The imposition by foreign governments of additional regulations, controls and duties and tariffs or the enactment of bilateral and regional trade agreements could result in lower sales volume which could negatively impact the Company's results of operations. 

Economic conditions around the world, and in certain industries in which the Company does business also impact sales prices and volume. As a result, market uncertainty or an economic downturn in the geographic areas or industries in which Dow sells its products could reduce demand for these products and result in decreased sales volume, which could have a negative impact on Dow's results of operations. 

In addition, volatility and disruption of financial markets could limit customers' ability to obtain adequate financing to maintain operations, which could result in a decrease in sales volume and have a negative impact on Dow's results of operations. The Company's global business operations also give rise to market risk exposure related to changes in foreign exchange rates, interest rates, commodity prices and other market factors such as equity prices. To manage such risks, Dow enters into hedging transactions pursuant to established guidelines and policies. If Dow fails to effectively manage such risks, it could have a negative impact on the Company's results of operations.

Financial Commitments and Credit Markets: Market conditions could reduce the Company's flexibility to respond to changing business conditions or fund capital needs.

Adverse economic conditions could reduce the Company's flexibility to respond to changing business and economic conditions or to fund capital expenditures or working capital needs. The economic environment could result in a contraction in the availability of credit in the marketplace and reduce sources of liquidity for the Company. This could result in higher borrowing costs.

Raw Materials: Availability of purchased feedstocks and energy, and the volatility of these costs, impact Dow’s operating costs and add variability to earnings.

Purchased feedstock and energy costs account for a substantial portion of the Company’s total production costs and operating expenses. The Company purchases hydrocarbon raw materials including ethane, propane, butane, naphtha and condensate as feedstocks. The Company also purchases certain monomers, primarily ethylene and propylene, to supplement internal production, as well as other raw materials. The Company purchases natural gas, primarily to generate electricity, and purchases electric power to supplement internal generation.

Feedstock and energy costs generally follow price trends in crude oil and natural gas, which are sometimes volatile
.
 While the Company uses its feedstock flexibility and financial and physical hedging programs to help mitigate feedstock cost increases, the Company is not always able to immediately raise selling prices. Ultimately, the ability to pass on underlying cost increases is dependent on market conditions. Conversely, when feedstock and energy costs decline, selling prices generally decline as well. As a result, volatility in these costs could impact the Company’s results of operations. 

The Company has a number of investments in the U.S. Gulf Coast to take advantage of increasing supplies of low-cost natural gas and natural gas liquids ("NGLs") from shale gas including a new, on-purpose propylene production facility in Freeport, Texas, which commenced operations in December 2015; and a new, world-scale ethylene production facility in Freeport, Texas, with start-up expected in the first half of 2017. As a result of these and other investments, the Company’s exposure to purchased ethylene and propylene is expected to decline, offset by increased exposure to ethane and propane feedstocks.

19

Table of Contents

While the Company expects abundant and cost-advantaged supplies of NGLs in the United States to persist for the foreseeable future, if NGLs were to become significantly less advantaged than crude oil-based feedstocks, it could have a negative impact on the Company’s results of operations and future investments. Also, if the Company’s key suppliers of feedstocks and energy are unable to provide the raw materials required for production, it could have a negative impact on the Company's results of operations. 

Supply/Demand Balance: Earnings generated by the Company's products vary based in part on the balance of supply relative to demand within the industry.

The balance of supply relative to demand within the industry may be significantly impacted by the addition of new capacity, especially for basic commodities where capacity is generally added in large increments as world-scale facilities are built. This may disrupt industry balances and result in downward pressure on prices due to the increase in supply, which could negatively impact the Company's results of operations. 

Litigation: The Company is party to a number of claims and lawsuits arising out of the normal course of business with respect to commercial matters including product liability, governmental regulation and other actions.

Certain of the claims and lawsuits facing the Company purport to be class actions and seek damages in very large amounts. All such claims are contested. With the exception of the possible effect of the asbestos-related liability of Union Carbide Corporation (“Union Carbide”) and certain urethane matters, described below, it is the opinion of the Company's management that the possibility is remote that the aggregate of all such claims and lawsuits will have a material adverse impact on the Company's consolidated financial statements.

Union Carbide is and has been involved in a large number of asbestos-related suits filed primarily in state courts during the past four decades. At 
December 31, 2015
, Union Carbide's asbestos-related liability for pending and future claims was 
$437 million
 (
$513 million
 at 
December 31, 2014
) and its receivable for insurance recoveries related to the asbestos liability was 
$10 million
 (
$10 million
 at 
December 31, 2014
). At 
December 31, 2015
, Union Carbide also had receivables of 
$51 million
 (
$69 million
 at 
December 31, 2014
) for insurance recoveries for defense and resolution costs. It is the opinion of the Company's management that it is reasonably possible that the cost of Union Carbide disposing of its asbestos-related claims, including future defense costs, could have a material impact on the Company's results of operations and cash flows for a particular period and on the consolidated financial position of the Company.

The Company, among others, was named as a defendant in multiple civil class action lawsuits alleging a conspiracy to fix the price of various urethane chemical products, namely polyurethane chemicals, including methylene diphenyl diisocyanate, toluene diisocyanate, polyether polyols and system house products. These lawsuits were consolidated in the U.S. District Court for the District of Kansas (the "District Court") or have been tolled. On July 29, 2008, the District Court certified a class of purchasers of the products for the six-year period from 1999 through 2004. In January 2013, the class action lawsuit went to trial in the District Court with the Company as the sole remaining defendant, the other defendants having previously settled. On February 20, 2013, the jury returned a damages verdict of approximately 
$400 million
 against the Company, which ultimately was trebled by the District Court under applicable antitrust laws, less offsets from other settling defendants, resulting in a judgment entered in July 2013 in the amount of 
$1.06 billion
. The Company appealed this judgment to the U.S. Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals ("Tenth Circuit" or "Court of Appeals"), and on September 29, 2014, the Court of Appeals issued an opinion affirming the District Court judgment. On October 14, 2014, the Company filed a petition for Rehearing or Rehearing 
En Banc
 (collectively the "Rehearing Petition") with the Court of Appeals, which was denied on November 7, 2014.

On March 9, 2015, the Company filed a petition for 
writ of certiorari
 ("Writ Petition") with the U.S. Supreme Court, seeking judicial review by the Supreme Court and requesting that it correct fundamental errors in the Circuit Court opinion. While it is unknowable whether or not the Supreme Court will accept the Writ Petition for review, there are several compelling reasons why the Supreme Court should grant the Writ Petition and, if it is accepted, the Company believes it is likely that the District Court judgment will be vacated. Specifically, it is the Company's position that the Tenth Circuit decision violates the law as expressed by the Supreme Court as set out in 
Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. v. Dukes
, 131 S. Ct. 2541 (2011) and 
Comcast Corp. v. Behrend
, 133 S. Ct. 1426 (2013). The Tenth Circuit also did not follow accepted law from other federal circuits on dispositive case issues, including legal precedent from the U.S. First, Second, Third, Fifth, Ninth and D.C. Circuit Courts. Finally, the Company argues that the erroneous law applied by the Tenth Circuit is not supported by any other federal circuit court. In April 2015, six amici filed amicus briefs in support of the Company's Writ Petition. The parties briefing is now complete. Dow filed its reply brief on May 22, 2015. On June 8, 2015, the Supreme Court granted a petition for a 
writ of certiorari
 in another case, 
Tyson Foods, Inc. v. Bouaphakeo, PEG, et al., ("Tyson Foods")
 (Supreme Court No. 14-1146), which presented an issue core to the questions presented in the Company's Writ Petition: whether class-wide damages can be determined by simply applying the average injury observed in a sample. The Company's case was considered by the Supreme Court in conference on June 11, 2015. On June 15, 2015, the Supreme Court issued its decisions from its conference and did not rule on the Company's Writ Petition. Subsequently, the Writ Petition has not been listed for further consideration by the Supreme Court at its weekly 

20

Table of Contents

conferences. The Company has been advised that this means that the Supreme Court is withholding further consideration of the Company's Writ Petition while it considers the 
Tyson Foods 
case on the merits. As a result, the Company does not expect any further action on its Writ Petition until sometime in 2016. The Company believes that the Supreme Court has accepted 
Tyson Foods 
for the compelling reasons also advanced by the Company in its Writ Petition and that the Supreme Court will issue an opinion in 
Tyson Foods 
that is favorable to the Company's case. Accordingly, on August 14, 2015, the Company filed an amicus brief in 
Tyson Foods
 supporting 
Tyson Foods’
 position. The 
Tyson Foods
 oral argument occurred before the Supreme Court on November 10, 2015. The Company expects a decision from the Supreme Court on 
Tyson Foods
 in the first half of 2016, after which, depending on the result, the Supreme Court likely will consider the Company's Writ Petition. The Company has concluded it is not probable that a loss has been incurred and, therefore, a liability has not been recorded with respect to this matter. While the Company believes it is not probable a loss will occur, the existence of the jury verdict, the Court of Appeals' opinion, and subsequent denial of the Company's Rehearing Petition indicate that it is reasonably possible that a loss could occur. 

Shortly after the July 2008 class certification ruling, a series of "opt-out" cases were filed by a number of large volume purchasers who elected not to be class members. These opt-out cases are substantively identical to the class action lawsuit, but expanded the period of time to include 1994 through 1998. On September 30, 2014, the opt-out cases, which had been consolidated with the class action lawsuit for purposes of pre-trial proceedings were remanded from the District Court to the U.S. District Court for the District of New Jersey. A consolidated trial of the opt-out cases is set to begin on March 7, 2016. As with the class case, the Company denies plaintiffs' allegations of price fixing and maintains that the opt-out plaintiffs cannot prove a compensable injury. As a result, the Company has concluded it is not probable a loss has been incurred and, therefore, a liability is not recorded with respect to these cases.

In addition to the matters described above, there are two separate but inter-related matters in Ontario and Quebec, Canada. In March 2014, the Superior Court of Justice in London, Ontario, ruled in favor of the plaintiffs’ motion for class certification.  The Company filed its Notice of Motion for Leave to Appeal in March 2014, which was subsequently denied. This matter is currently in the pretrial stage, but no trial date has been set. The Quebec case has been stayed pending the outcome of the Ontario case. For the same reasons stated above, a liability has not been recorded with respect to either Canadian matter.

Environmental Compliance: The costs of complying with evolving regulatory requirements could negatively impact the Company's financial results. Actual or alleged violations of environmental laws or permit requirements could result in restrictions or prohibitions on plant operations, substantial civil or criminal sanctions, as well as the assessment of strict liability and/or joint and several liability.

The Company is subject to extensive federal, state, local and foreign laws, regulations, rules and ordinances relating to pollution, protection of the environment, greenhouse gas emissions, and the generation, storage, handling, transportation, treatment, disposal and remediation of hazardous substances and waste materials. At 
December 31, 2015
, the Company had accrued obligations of 
$670 million
 (
$706 million
 at 
December 31, 2014
) for probable environmental remediation and restoration costs, including 
$74 million
 (
$78 million
 at 
December 31, 2014
) for the remediation of Superfund sites. This is management's best estimate of the costs for remediation and restoration with respect to environmental matters for which the Company has accrued liabilities, although it is reasonably possible that the ultimate cost with respect to these particular matters could range up to approximately two and a half times that amount. Costs and capital expenditures relating to environmental, health or safety matters are subject to evolving regulatory requirements and depend on the timing of the promulgation and enforcement of specific standards which impose the requirements. Moreover, changes in environmental regulations could inhibit or interrupt the Company's operations, or require modifications to its facilities. Accordingly, environmental, health or safety regulatory matters could result in significant unanticipated costs or liabilities. 

Chemical Safety: Increased concerns regarding the safe use of chemicals in commerce and their potential impact on the environment as well as perceived impacts of plant biotechnology on health and the environment have resulted in more restrictive regulations from local, state and federal governments and could lead to new regulations.

Concerns regarding the safe use of chemicals in commerce and their potential impact on health and the environment and the perceived impacts of plant biotechnology on health and the environment reflect a growing trend in societal demands for increasing levels of product safety and environmental protection. These concerns could manifest themselves in stockholder proposals, preferred purchasing, delays or failures in obtaining or retaining regulatory approvals, delayed product launches, lack of market acceptance, continued pressure for more stringent regulatory intervention and litigation. These concerns could also influence public perceptions, the viability of the Company's products, the Company's reputation and the cost to comply with regulations. In addition, terrorist attacks and natural disasters have increased concerns about the security and safety of chemical production and distribution. These concerns could have a negative impact on the Company's results of operations.

Local, state and federal governments continue to propose new regulations related to the security of chemical plant locations and the transportation of hazardous chemicals, which could result in higher operating costs. 

21

Table of Contents

Operational Event: A significant operational event could negatively impact the Company's results of operations.

As a diversified chemical manufacturing company, the Company's operations, the transportation of products, cyber attacks, or severe weather conditions and other natural phenomena (such as drought, hurricanes, earthquakes, tsunamis, floods, etc.) could result in an unplanned event that could be significant in scale and could negatively impact operations, neighbors or the public at large, which could have a negative impact on the Company's results of operations.

Major hurricanes have caused significant disruption in Dow's operations on the U.S. Gulf Coast, logistics across the region, and the supply of certain raw materials, which had an adverse impact on volume and cost for some of Dow's products. Due to the Company's substantial presence on the U.S. Gulf Coast, similar severe weather conditions or other natural phenomena in the future could negatively affect Dow's results of operations.

Cyber Vulnerability: The risk of loss of the Company’s intellectual property, trade secrets or other sensitive business information or disruption of operations could negatively impact the Company’s financial results.

Cyber attacks or security breaches could compromise confidential, business critical information, cause a disruption in the Company’s operations or harm the Company's reputation. The Company has attractive information assets, including intellectual property, trade secrets and other sensitive, business critical information. While the Company has a comprehensive cyber security program that is continuously reviewed, maintained and upgraded, a significant cyber attack could result in the loss of critical business information and/or could negatively impact operations, which could have a negative impact on the Company’s financial results.

Company Strategy: Implementing certain elements of the Company's strategy could negatively impact the Company's financial results.

The Company currently has manufacturing operations, sales and marketing activities, joint ventures, as well as proposed and existing projects of varying size in emerging geographies. Activities in these geographies are accompanied by uncertainty and risks including: navigating different government regulatory environments; relationships with new, local partners; project funding commitments and guarantees; expropriation, military actions, war, terrorism and political instability; sabotage; uninsurable risks; suppliers not performing as expected resulting in increased risk of extended project timelines; and determining raw material supply and other details regarding product movement. If the manufacturing operations, sales and marketing activities, and/or implementation of these projects is not successful, it could adversely affect the Company's financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

The Company has also announced a number of portfolio management actions as part of Dow's ongoing transformation, including a proposed all-stock merger of equals transaction with E.I. du Pont de Nemours and Company as well as transactions to restructure the Company's ownership interest in certain joint ventures. If the execution or implementation of these transactions is not successful, it could adversely impact the Company's financial condition, cash flows and results of operations.

Goodwill: An impairment of goodwill could negatively impact the Company's financial results. 

At least annually, the Company assesses goodwill for impairment. If an initial qualitative assessment identifies that it is more likely than not that the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its estimated fair value, additional quantitative testing is performed. The Company may also elect to skip the qualitative testing and proceed directly to quantitative testing. If the quantitative testing indicates that goodwill is impaired, the carrying value of goodwill is written down to fair value with a charge against earnings. Since the Company utilizes a discounted cash flow methodology to calculate the fair value of its reporting units, continued weak demand for a specific product line or business could result in an impairment. Accordingly, any determination requiring the write-off of a significant portion of goodwill could negatively impact the Company's results of operations.

Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits: Increased obligations and expenses related to the Company's defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans could negatively affect Dow's financial condition and results of operations.

The Company has defined benefit pension plans and other postretirement benefit plans (the “plans”) in the United States and a number of other countries. The assets of the Company's funded plans are primarily invested in fixed income and equity securities of U.S. and foreign issuers. Changes in the market value of plan assets, investment returns, discount rates, mortality rates, regulations and the rate of increase in compensation levels may affect the funded status of the Company's plans and could cause volatility in the net periodic benefit cost, future funding requirements of the plans and the funded status of the plans. A significant increase in the Company's obligations or future funding requirements could have a negative impact on the Company's results of operations and cash flows for a particular period and on the Company's financial condition.

22

Table of Contents

The Dow Chemical Company and Subsidiaries

PART I, Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments.