There are various risks associated with the operations of DTE
 Energy’s utility and non-utility businesses. To provide a
 framework to understand the operating environment of DTE Energy,
 we are providing a brief explanation of the more significant
 risks associated with our businesses. Although we have tried to
 identify and discuss key risk factors, others could emerge in
 the future. Each of the following risks could affect our
 performance.

 Regional and national economic conditions can have an
 unfavorable impact on us.  Our utility and
 non-utility businesses follow the economic cycles of the
 customers we serve. Our utilities and certain non-utility
 businesses provide services to the domestic automotive industry
 which is under considerable financial distress, exacerbating the
 decline in regional economic conditions. Should national or
 regional economic conditions further decline, reduced volumes of
 electricity and gas, and demand for energy services we supply,
 collections of accounts receivable and potentially higher levels
 of lost or stolen gas will result in decreased earnings and cash
 flow.

 Adverse changes in our credit ratings may negatively affect
 us.  Regional and national economic
 condition
s, increased scrutiny of the energy industry and
 regulatory changes, as well as changes in our economic
 performance, could result in credit agencies reexamining our
 credit rating. While credit ratings reflect the opinions of the
 credit agencies issuing such ratings and may not necessarily
 reflect actual performance, a downgrade in our credit rating
 could restrict or discontinue our ability to access capital
 markets and could result in an increase in our borrowing costs,
 a reduced level of capital expenditures and could impact future
 earnings and cash flows. In addition, a reduction in credit
 rating may require us to post collateral related to various
 physical or financially settled contracts for the purchase of
 energy-related commodities, products and services, which would
 impact our liquidity.

 Our ability to access capital markets at attractive interest
 rates is important.  Our ability to access capital
 markets is important to operate our businesses. In recent
 months, the global financial markets have experienced
 unprecedented instability. This systemic marketplace distress is
 impacting our access to capital and cost of capital. This recent
 turmoil in credit markets has constrained, and may again in the
 future constrain, our ability as well as the ability of our
 subsidiaries to issue new debt, including commercial paper, and
 refinance existing debt. We cannot predict the length of time
 the current worldwide credit situation will continue or the
 impact on our future operations and our ability to issue debt at
 reasonable interest rates. In addition, the level of borrowing
 by other energy companies and the market as a whole could limit
 our access to capital markets. We have substantial amounts of
 short-term credit facilities that expire in 2009. We intend to
 seek to renew the facilities on or before the expiration dates.
 However, we cannot predict the outcome of these efforts, which
 could result in a decrease in amounts available and/ or an
 increase in our borrowing costs and negatively impact our
 financial performance.

 Poor investment performance of pension and other
 postretirement benefit plan holdings and other factors impacting
 benefit plan costs could unfavorably impact our liquidity and
 results of operations.  Our costs of providing
 non-contributory defined benefit pension plans and other
 postretirement benefit plans are dependent upon a number of
 factors, such as the rates of return on plan assets, the level
 of interest rates used to measure

 22

Table of Contents

 the required minimum funding levels of the plans, future
 government regulation, and our required or voluntary
 contributions made to the plans. The performance of the capital
 markets affects the value of assets that are held in trust to
 satisfy future obligations under our plans. We have significant
 benefit obligations and hold significant assets in trust to
 satisfy these obligations. These assets are subject to market
 fluctuations and will yield uncertain returns, which may fall
 below our projected return rates. A decline in the market value
 of the pension and postretirement benefit plan assets, as was
 experienced in 2008, will increase the funding requirements
 under our pension and postretirement benefit plans if the actual
 asset returns do not recover these declines in the foreseeable
 future. Additionally, our pension and postretirement benefit
 plan liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates. As
 interest rates decrease, the liabilities increase, potentially
 increasing benefit expense and funding requirements. Also, if
 future increases in pension and postretirement benefit costs as
 a result of reduced plan assets are not recoverable from Detroit
 Edison or MichCon customers, the results of operations and
 financial position of our company could be negatively affected.
 Without sustained growth in the plan investments over time to
 increase the value of our plan assets, we could be required to
 fund our plans with significant amounts of cash. Such cash
 funding obligations could have a material impact on our cash
 flows, financial position, or results of operations.

 If our goodwill becomes impaired, we may be required to
 record a charge to earnings.  We annually review
 the carrying value of goodwill associated with acquisitions made
 by the Company for impairment. Factors that may be considered
 for purposes of this analysis include any change in
 circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill
 may not be recoverable such as a decline in stock price and
 market capitalization, future cash flows, and slower growth
 rates in our industry. We cannot predict the timing, strength or
 duration of any economic slowdown or subsequent recovery,
 worldwide or in the economy or markets in which we operate,
 however, when events or changes in circumstances indicate that
 the carrying value of these assets may not be recoverable, the
 Company may take a non-cash impairment charge, which could
 potentially materially impact our results of operations and
 financial position.

 Our participation in energy trading markets subjects us to
 risk.  Events in the energy trading industry have
 increased the level of scrutiny on the energy trading business
 and the energy industry as a whole. In certain situations we may
 be required to post collateral to support trading operations,
 which could be substantial. If access to liquidity to support
 trading activities is curtailed, we could experience decreased
 earnings potential and cash flows.

 We are exposed to credit risk of counterparties with whom we
 do business.  Adverse economic conditions
 affecting, or financial difficulties of, counterparties with
 whom we do business could impair the ability of these
 counterparties to pay for our services or fulfill their
 contractual obligations, or cause them to delay such payments or
 obligations. We depend on these counterparties to remit payments
 on a timely basis. Any delay or default in payment could
 adversely affect our cash flows, financial position, or results
 of operations.

 We may not be fully covered by insurance.  We
 have a comprehensive insurance program in place to provide
 coverage for various types of risks, catastrophic damage as a
 result of acts of God, terrorism, war or a combination of other
 significant unforeseen events that could impact our operations.
 Economic losses might not be covered in full by insurance or our
 insurers may be unable to meet contractual obligations.

 We are subject to rate regulation.  Electric
 and gas rates for our utilities are set by the MPSC and the FERC
 and cannot be increased without regulatory authorization. We may
 be negatively impacted by new regulations or interpretations by
 the MPSC, the FERC or other regulatory bodies. Our ability to
 recover costs may be impacted by the time lag between the
 incurrence of costs and the recovery of the costs in
 customers’ rates. New legislation, regulations or
 interpretations could change how our business operates, impact
 our ability to recover costs through rate increases or require
 us to incur additional expenses.

 Michigan’s electric Customer Choice program could
 negatively impact our financial performance.  The
 electric Customer Choice program, as originally contemplated in
 Michigan, anticipated an eventual transition to a totally
 deregulated and competitive environment where customers would be
 charged market-based rates for their electricity. The State of
 Michigan currently experiences a hybrid market, where the MPSC
 continues to regulate electric rates for our customers, while
 alternative electric suppliers charge market-based rates. In
 addition, such regulated electric rates for certain groups of
 our customers exceed the cost of service to those

 23

Table of Contents

 customers. Due to distorted pricing mechanisms during the
 initial implementation period of electric Customer Choice, many
 commercial customers chose alternative electric suppliers. MPSC
 rate orders and recent energy legislation enacted by the State
 of Michigan are phasing out the pricing disparity over five
 years and have placed a cap on the total potential Customer
 Choice related migration. Recent higher wholesale electric
 prices have also resulted in some former electric Customer
 Choice customers migrating back to Detroit Edison for electric
 generation service. However, even with the electric Customer
 Choice-related relief received in recent Detroit Edison rate
 orders and the legislated 10 percent cap on participation
 in the electric Customer Choice program, there continues to be
 financial risk associated with the electric Customer Choice
 program. Electric Customer Choice migration is sensitive to
 market price and bundled electric service price increases.

 Weather significantly affects
 operations.  Deviations from normal hot and cold
 weather conditions affect our earnings and cash flow. Mild
 temperatures can result in decreased utilization of our assets,
 lowering income and cash flow. Ice storms, tornadoes, or high
 winds can damage the electric distribution system infrastructure
 and require us to perform emergency repairs and incur material
 unplanned expenses. The expenses of storm restoration efforts
 may not be fully recoverable through the regulatory process.

 Operation of a nuclear facility subjects us to
 risk.  Ownership of an operating nuclear
 generating plant subjects us to significant additional risks.
 These risks include, among others, plant security, environmental
 regulation and remediation, and operational factors that can
 significantly impact the performance and cost of operating a
 nuclear facility. While we maintain insurance for various
 nuclear-related risks, there can be no assurances that such
 insurance will be sufficient to cover our costs in the event of
 an accident or business interruption at our nuclear generating
 plant, which may affect our financial performance.

 The supply and price of fuel and other commodities and
 related transportation costs may impact our financial
 results.  We are dependent on coal for much of our
 electrical generating capacity. Price fluctuations, fuel supply
 disruptions and increases in transportation costs could have a
 negative impact on our ability to profitably generate
 electricity. Our access to natural gas supplies is critical to
 ensure reliability of service for our utility gas customers. We
 have hedging strategies and regulatory recovery mechanisms in
 place to mitigate negative fluctuations in commodity supply
 prices, but there can be no assurances that our financial
 performance will not be negatively impacted by price
 fluctuations. The price of natural gas also impacts the market
 for our non-utility businesses that compete with utilities and
 alternative electric suppliers. Increased transportation costs
 could also impact our non-utility businesses.

 Unplanned power plant outages may be
 costly.  Unforeseen maintenance may be required to
 safely produce electricity or comply with environmental
 regulations. As a result of unforeseen maintenance, we may be
 required to make spot market purchases of electricity that
 exceed our costs of generation. Our financial performance may be
 negatively affected if we are unable to recover such increased
 costs.

 Our estimates of gas reserves are subject to
 change.  While we cannot provide absolute
 assurance that our estimates of our Barnett gas reserves are
 accurate, great care is exercised in utilizing historical
 information and assumptions to develop reasonable estimates of
 future production and cash flow. We estimate proved gas reserves
 and the future net cash flows attributable to those reserves.
 There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating
 quantities of proved gas reserves and cash flows attributable to
 such reserves, including factors beyond our control. Reserve
 engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground
 accumulations of gas that cannot be measured in an exact manner.
 The accuracy of an estimate of quantities of reserves, or of
 cash flows attributable to such reserves, is a function of the
 available data, assumptions regarding expenditures for future
 development and exploration activities, and of engineering and
 geological interpretation and judgment. Additionally, reserves
 and future cash flows may be subject to material downward or
 upward revisions, based upon production history, development and
 exploration activities and prices of gas. Actual future
 production, revenue, taxes, development expenditures, operating
 expenses, quantities of recoverable reserves and the value of
 cash flows from such reserves may vary significantly from the
 assumptions and underlying information we used.

 Our ability to utilize production tax credits may be
 limited.  To reduce U.S. dependence on
 imported oil, the Internal Revenue Code provides production tax
 credits as an incentive for taxpayers to produce fuels and
 electricity from alternative sources. We have generated
 production tax credits from the synfuel, coke

 24

Table of Contents

 production, landfill gas recovery, biomass fired electric
 generation and gas production operations. We have received
 favorable private letter rulings on all of the synfuel
 facilities. All production tax credits taken after 2003 are
 subject to audit by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). If our
 production tax credits were disallowed in whole or in part as a
 result of an IRS audit, there could be additional tax
 liabilities owed for previously recognized tax credits that
 could significantly impact our earnings and cash flows. We have
 also provided certain guarantees and indemnities in conjunction
 with the sales of interests in the synfuel facilities.

 We rely on cash flows from subsidiaries.  DTE
 Energy is a holding company. Cash flows from our utility and
 non-utility subsidiaries are required to pay interest expenses
 and dividends on DTE Energy debt and securities. Should a major
 subsidiary not be able to pay dividends or transfer cash flows
 to DTE Energy, our ability to pay interest and dividends would
 be restricted.

 Environmental laws and liability may be
 costly.  We are subject to numerous environmental
 regulations. These regulations govern air emissions, water
 quality, wastewater discharge, and disposal of solid and
 hazardous waste. Compliance with these regulations can
 significantly increase capital spending, operating expenses and
 plant down times. These laws and regulations require us to seek
 a variety of environmental licenses, permits, inspections and
 other regulatory approvals. Additionally, we may become a
 responsible party for environmental clean up at sites identified
 by a regulatory body. We cannot predict with certainty the
 amount and timing of future expenditures related to
 environmental matters because of the difficulty of estimating
 clean up costs. There is also uncertainty in quantifying
 liabilities under environmental laws that impose joint and
 several liability on potentially responsible parties.

 We may also incur liabilities as a result of potential future
 requirements to address climate change issues. Proposals for
 voluntary initiatives and mandatory controls are being discussed
 both in the United States and worldwide to reduce greenhouse
 gases such as carbon dioxide, a by-product of burning fossil
 fuels. If increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions are
 implemented, the operations of our fossil-fuel generation assets
 may be significantly impacted.

 Since there can be no assurances that environmental costs may be
 recovered through the regulatory process, our financial
 performance may be negatively impacted as a result of
 environmental matters.

 Terrorism could affect our business.  Damage to
 downstream infrastructure or our own assets by terrorism would
 impact our operations. We have increased security as a result of
 past events and further security increases are possible.

 Benefits of continuous improvement initiatives could be less
 than we expect.  We have a continuous improvement
 program that is expected to result in significant cost savings.
 Actual results achieved through this program could be less than
 our expectations.

 A work interruption may adversely affect
 us.  Unions represent approximately 5,000 of our
 employees. A union choosing to strike would have an impact on
 our business. We are unable to predict the effect a work
 stoppage would have on our costs of operation and financial
 performance.

 Failure to retain and attract key executive officers and
 other skilled professional and technical employees could have an
 adverse effect on our operations.  Our business is
 dependent on our ability to recruit, retain, and motivate
 employees. Competition for skilled employees in some areas is
 high and the inability to retain and attract these employees
 could adversely affect our business and future operating results.