There are various risks associated with the operations of DTE Energy’s utility and non-utility
businesses. To provide a framework to understand the operating environment of DTE Energy, we are
providing a brief explanation of the more significant risks associated with our businesses.
Although we have tried to identify and discuss key risk factors, others could emerge in the future.
Each of the following risks could affect our performance.

We are subject to rate regulation
. Electric and gas rates for our utilities are set by the MPSC and
the FERC and cannot be increased without regulatory authorization. We may be negatively impacted by
new regulations or interpretations by the MPSC, the FERC or other regulatory bodies. Our ability to
recover costs may be impacted by the time lag between the incurrence of costs and the recovery of
the costs in customers’ rates. New legislation, regulations or interpretations could change how our
business operates, impact our ability to recover costs through rate increases or require us to
incur additional expenses.

Michigan’s electric Customer Choice program could negatively impact our financial performance
. The
electric Customer Choice program, as originally contemplated in Michigan, anticipated an eventual
transition to a totally deregulated and competitive environment where customers would be charged
market-based rates for their electricity. The State of Michigan currently experiences a hybrid
market, where the MPSC continues to regulate electric rates for our customers, while alternative
electric suppliers charge market-based rates. In addition, such regulated electric rates for
certain groups of our customers exceed the cost of service to those customers. Due to distorted
pricing mechanisms during the initial implementation period of electric Customer Choice, many
commercial customers chose alternative electric suppliers. Recent MPSC rate orders have removed
some of the pricing disparity. Recent higher wholesale electric prices have also resulted in some
former electric Customer Choice customers migrating back to Detroit Edison for electric generation
service. Even with the electric Customer Choice-related rate relief received in Detroit Edison’s
2004 and 2005 orders, there continues to be considerable financial risk associated with the
electric Customer Choice program. Electric Customer Choice migration is sensitive to market price
and bundled electric service price increases. The hybrid market in Michigan also causes uncertainty
as it relates to investment in new generating capacity.

Weather significantly affects operations

. Deviations from normal hot and cold weather conditions
affect our earnings and cash flow. Mild temperatures can result in decreased utilization of our
assets, lowering income and cash flow. Ice storms, tornadoes, or high winds can damage the
distribution system infrastructure and require us to perform emergency repairs and incur material
unplanned expenses. The expenses of storm restoration efforts may not be recoverable through the
regulatory process.

Operation of a nuclear facility subjects us to risk. 
Ownership of an operating nuclear generating
plant subjects us to significant additional risks. These risks include, among others, plant
security, environmental regulation and remediation, and operational factors that can significantly
impact the performance and cost of operating a nuclear facility. While we maintain insurance for
various nuclear-related risks, there can be no assurances that such insurance will be sufficient to
cover our costs in the event of an accident or business interruption at our nuclear generating
plant, which may affect our financial performance.

The supply and price of fuel and other commodities may impact our financial results. 
We are
dependent on coal for much of our electrical generating capacity. Price fluctuations and fuel
supply disruptions could have a negative impact on our ability to profitably generate electricity.
Our access to natural gas supplies is critical to ensure reliability of service for our utility gas
customers. We have hedging strategies in place to mitigate negative fluctuations in commodity
supply prices, but there can be no assurances that our financial performance will not be negatively
impacted by price fluctuations. The price of natural gas also impacts the market for our
non-utility businesses that compete with utilities and alternative electric suppliers.

24

Table of Contents

Unplanned power plant outages may be costly. 
Unforeseen maintenance may be required to safely
produce electricity or comply with environmental regulations. As a result of unforeseen
maintenance, we may be required to make spot market purchases of electricity that exceed our costs
of generation. Our financial performance may be negatively affected if we are unable to recover
such increased costs.

Regional and national economic conditions can have an unfavorable impact on us. 
Our businesses
follow the economic cycles of the customers we serve. Should national or regional economic
conditions decline, reduced volumes of electricity and gas we supply will result in decreased
earnings and cash flow. Economic conditions in our service territory also impact our collections of
accounts receivable and financial results.

Our non-utility operations may not perform to our expectations. 
We rely on our non-utility
operations for a portion of our earnings. If our current and contemplated non-utility investments
do not perform at expected levels, we could experience diminished earnings potential and a
corresponding decline in our shareholder value.

The inability to consummate strategic transactions for our non-utility operations could affect our
expected cash flows. 
As part of a strategic review of our non-utility operations, we have taken
and continue to pursue various actions including the acquisition, sale, restructuring or
recapitalization of various non-utility businesses. If we are not able to consummate strategic
transactions on favorable terms or timing, our expected cash flows could be lower than anticipated.

Our participation in energy trading markets subjects us to risk

. Events in the energy trading
industry have increased the level of scrutiny on the energy trading business and the energy
industry as a whole. In certain situations we may also be required to post collateral to support
trading operations. We have established risk policies to manage the business.

Our estimates of gas reserves are subject to change. 
We provide no assurance that our estimates of
our Barnett gas reserves are accurate. We estimate proved gas reserves and the future net cash
flows attributable to those reserves. There are numerous uncertainties inherent in estimating
quantities of proved gas reserves and cash flows attributable to such reserves, including factors
beyond our control. Reserve engineering is a subjective process of estimating underground
accumulations of gas that cannot be measured in an exact manner. The accuracy of an estimate of
quantities of reserves, or of cash flows attributable to such reserves, is a function of the
available data, assumptions regarding expenditures for future development and exploration
activities, and of engineering and geological interpretation and judgment. Additionally, reserves
and future cash flows may be subject to material downward or upward revisions, based upon
production history, development and exploration activities and prices of gas. Actual future
production, revenue, taxes, development expenditures, operating expenses, quantities of recoverable
reserves and the value of cash flows from such reserves may vary significantly from the assumptions
and underlying information we used.

We rely on cash flows from subsidiaries. 
DTE Energy is a holding company. Cash flows from our
utility and non-utility subsidiaries are required to pay interest expenses and dividends on DTE
Energy debt and securities. Should a major subsidiary not be able to pay dividends or transfer
cash flows to DTE Energy, our ability to pay interest and dividends would be restricted.

Adverse changes in our credit ratings may negatively affect us. 
Increased scrutiny of the energy
industry and regulatory changes, as well as changes in our economic performance, could result in
credit agencies reexamining our credit rating. While credit ratings reflect the opinions of the
credit agencies issuing such ratings and may not necessarily reflect actual performance, a
downgrade in our credit rating could restrict or discontinue our ability to access capital markets
and could increase our borrowing costs. In addition, a reduction in credit rating may require us
to post collateral related to various trading contracts, which would impact our liquidity.

25

Table of Contents

Our ability to access capital markets at attractive interest rates is important. 
Our ability to
access capital markets is important to operate our businesses. Heightened concerns about the energy
industry, the level of borrowing by other energy companies and the market as a whole could limit
our access to capital markets. Changes in interest rates could increase our borrowing costs and
negatively impact our financial performance.

Poor investment performance of pension plan holdings and other factors impacting pension plan costs
could unfavorably impact our liquidity and results of operations.

Our costs of providing non-contributory defined benefit pension plans are dependent upon a number
of factors, such as the rates of return on plan assets, the level of interest rates used to measure
the required minimum funding levels of the plans, future government regulation, and our required or
voluntary contributions made to the plans. The performance of the capital markets affects the
value of assets that are held in trust to satisfy future obligations under our pension plans. If
conditions within the overall credit market continue to deteriorate, the fair value of these plans
assets may be negatively affected. Additionally, while we complied with the minimum funding
requirements as of December 31, 2007, we have certain qualified pension plans with obligations that
exceeded the value of the plan assets. Without sustained growth in the pension investments over
time to increase the value of our plan assets, we could be required to fund our plans with
significant amounts of cash. Such cash funding obligations could have a material impact on our
cash flows, financial position, or results of operations.

We are exposed to credit risk of counterparties with whom we do business. 
Adverse economic
conditions affecting, or financial difficulties of, counterparties with whom we do business could
impair the ability of these counterparties to pay for our services or fulfill their contractual
obligations, or cause them to delay such payments or obligations. We depend on these counterparties
to remit payments on a timely basis. Any delay or default in payment could adversely affect our
cash flows, financial position, or results of operations.

Environmental laws and liability may be costly. 
We are subject to numerous environmental
regulations. These regulations govern air emissions, water quality, wastewater discharge, and
disposal of solid and hazardous waste. Compliance with these regulations can significantly
increase capital spending, operating expenses and plant down times. These laws and regulations
require us to seek a variety of environmental licenses, permits, inspections and other regulatory
approvals. Additionally, we may become a responsible party for environmental clean up at sites
identified by a regulatory body. We cannot predict with certainty the amount and timing of future
expenditures related to environmental matters because of the difficulty of estimating clean up
costs. There is also uncertainty in quantifying liabilities under environmental laws that impose
joint and several liability on potentially responsible parties.

We may also incur liabilities as a result of potential future requirements to address climate
change issues. Proposals for voluntary initiatives and mandatory controls are being discussed both
in the United States and worldwide to reduce greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide, a by-product
of burning fossil fuels. If increased regulation of greenhouse gas emissions are implemented, the
operations of our fossil-fuel generation assets may be significantly impacted.

Since there can be no assurances that environmental costs may be recovered through the regulatory
process, our financial performance may be negatively impacted as a result of environmental matters.

We may not be fully covered by insurance. 
While we have a comprehensive insurance program in place
to provide coverage for various types of risks, catastrophic damage as a result of acts of God,
terrorism, war or a combination of significant unforeseen events could impact our operations and
economic losses might not be covered in full by insurance.

Terrorism could affect our business
. Damage to downstream infrastructure or our own assets by
terrorism would impact our operations. We have increased security as a result of past events and
further security increases are possible.

26

Table of Contents

Benefits of the Performance Excellence Process to us could be less than we have projected. 
In 2005,
we initiated a company-wide review of our operations called the Performance Excellence Process,
with the overarching goal to become more competitive by reducing costs, eliminating waste and
optimizing business processes while improving customer service. Actual results achieved through
this process could be less than our expectations.

A work interruption may adversely affect us. 
Unions represent approximately 5,000 of our employees.
A union choosing to strike would have an impact on our business. We are unable to predict the
effect a work stoppage would have on our costs of operation and financial performance.

Failure to retain and attract key executive officers and other skilled professional and technical
employees could have an adverse effect on our operations. 
Our business is dependent on our ability
to recruit, retain, and motivate employees. Competition for skilled employees in some areas is
high and the inability to retain and attract these employees could adversely affect our business
and future operating results.

Our ability to utilize production tax credits may be limited. 
To reduce U.S. dependence on imported
oil, the Internal Revenue Code provides production tax credits as an incentive for taxpayers to
produce fuels from alternative sources. We have generated production tax credits from the synfuel,
coke battery, landfill gas recovery and gas production operations. We have received favorable
private letter rulings on all of the synfuel facilities. All production tax credits taken after
2003 are subject to audit by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS). If our production tax credits were
disallowed in whole or in part as a result of an IRS audit, there could be additional tax
liabilities owed for previously recognized tax credits that could significantly impact our earnings
and cash flows. We have also provided certain guarantees and indemnities in conjunction with the
sales of interests in the synfuel facilities.