You should carefully consider the following risk factors. The risks described below are not the only ones facing our company.
Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business, financial conditions or results of operations. 

        Our
business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the following: 

 We compete with other MVPDs, some of whom have greater resources than we do and levels of competition are increasing. 

        We compete in the MVPD industry against cable television, telcos and wireless companies and other land-based and
satellite-based system operators with service offerings including video, audio and interactive programming, broadband and other entertainment services and telephony service. Some of these competitors
have greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do. 

        Some
cable television operators have large, established customer bases and many cable operators have significant investments in, and access to, programming. Cable television operators
have advantages relative to our U.S. operations, including or as a result of:

•

being the incumbent MVPD operator with an established subscriber base in the territories in which DIRECTV U.S. competes; 

•

access or telephone service on upgraded cable systems; 

•

having legacy arrangements for exclusivity in certain multiple dwelling units and planned communities. 

        In
addition, certain cable companies and telcos in the U.S. and Latin America are capable of offering bundled video, broadband and telecommunications services. In some cases, it appears
that the video component of such bundled offerings is significantly underpriced and, in effect, subsidized by the rates charged for broadband and telephony services. In Latin America, this practice of
cross-subsidization is sometimes incentivized by higher taxes on pay TV services than on telecommunication and broadband services. These pricing practices can influence customers' willingness to
subscribe to our service at rates we consider appropriate. 

        Mergers,
joint ventures and alliances among wireless or private cable television operators, telcos, broadband service providers and others may result in an increase in the number of
providers capable of offering such bundled services. For example, last year the FCC approved a commercial arrangement under which four of the nation's largest cable operators and Verizon Wireless
would act as agents selling one
another's services and engage in ongoing development of ways to integrate their wireless and wireline services. 

        We
have been unable to secure certain international programming, due to exclusive arrangements of programming providers with certain competitors, which has constrained our ability to
compete for subscribers who wish to obtain such programming. And as discussed below, certain cable-affiliated programmers have withheld their programming from us in certain markets, which has further
constrained our ability to compete for subscribers in those markets. 

        In
the United States, various telcos and broadband service providers have deployed fiber optic lines directly to customers' homes or neighborhoods to deliver video services, which
compete with the DIRECTV service. It is uncertain whether we will be able to increase our satellite capacity, offer a significant level of new services in existing markets in which we compete or
expand to additional markets as may be necessary to compete effectively. Some of these various telcos and broadband service providers also sell the DIRECTV service as part of a bundle with their voice
and data services. A new broadly-deployed network with the capability of providing video, voice and data services could present a significant competitive challenge and, in the case of the telcos
currently selling the DIRECTV service, could result in such companies focusing less effort and resources selling the DIRECTV service or declining to sell it at all. We may be unable to develop other
distribution methods to make up for lost sales through the telcos. 

        As
a result of these and other factors, we may not be able to continue to expand our subscriber base or compete effectively against cable television or other MVPD operators in the
future. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

DIRECTV 

 Emerging digital media competition could materially adversely affect us. 

        Our business is focused on video, and we face emerging competition from other providers of digital media, some of which have greater
financial, marketing and other resources than we do. In particular, programming offered over the Internet has become more prevalent as the speed and quality of broadband networks have improved. Online
video distributors and providers such as Hulu, Roku, Netflix, Apple, Amazon, Blockbuster and Google, as well as gaming consoles such as Microsoft's Xbox, Sony's PS3 and Nintendo's Wii, are
aggressively working to become alternative providers of video services. Such services and the growing availability of online content, coupled with an expanding market for connected devices and
Internet-connected televisions, as well as wireless and other emerging mobile technologies that provide for the distribution and viewing of video programming, pose a competitive challenge to
traditional MVPDs, as a number of consumers may decide to drop or reduce their traditional MVPD subscription package. Some of these services charge a nominal fee or no fee for access to their content,
which could adversely affect our business. 

        Significant
changes in consumer behavior with regard to how they obtain video entertainment and information in response to this emerging digital media competition could materially
adversely affect our revenues and earnings or otherwise disrupt our business. 

 We depend on others to produce programming and programming costs are increasing. 

        Almost all of our programming is provided by unaffiliated third parties. Typically our programming agreements are
multiple-year agreements and contain annual price increases. Upon renewal of expiring contracts, programming suppliers have historically increased the
rates they charge us for programming. Often these increases are greater than the rate of inflation. We expect this practice to continue and the negotiations over such increases to become more
difficult and disruptive. Programming expenses will continue to be our largest single expense item in the foreseeable future. Our industry has continued to experience an increase in the cost of
programming, especially sports programming. Continued increases in programming costs, including retransmission costs for broadcast programming, will cause us to increase the rates that we charge our
subscribers, which could in turn, especially in a difficult economic environment, cause subscribers to terminate their subscriptions or potential new subscribers to refrain from subscribing to our
service. Furthermore, due to the economy and other factors, we may be unable to pass programming cost increases on to our subscribers. Alternatively, to attempt to mitigate the effect of price
increases, we may refuse to carry certain channels, which could adversely affect subscriber growth or result in higher churn. 

        In
addition, a limited number of cable-affiliated programmers have in the past denied us access to their programming. As discussed below, the FCC's prohibition on most exclusive
distribution arrangements involving cable operators and cable-affiliated programmers expired last year, replaced by a case-by-case complaint procedure in which the burden rests
with the complainant. Our ability to compete successfully will depend on our ability to continue to obtain desirable programming and deliver it to our subscribers at competitive prices. We may not be
able to renew these agreements on favorable terms, or at all, or these agreements may be canceled prior to expiration of their original terms. If we are unable to renew any of these agreements or the
other parties cancel the agreements, we may not be able to obtain substitute programming, or what we obtain may not be comparable in quality or cost to our existing programming. 

        If
we are unable to obtain rights to programming or to pass additional costs on, the potential loss of subscribers and the need to absorb some or all of the additional costs could have a
material adverse effect on our earnings or cash flow. 

 Increased subscriber churn or subscriber upgrade and retention costs could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 

        Subscriber service cancellations, or churn, have a significant financial impact on the results of operations of any subscription
television provider, as does the cost of upgrading and retaining subscribers. Any increase in our upgrade and retention costs for our existing subscribers or increased programming costs may adversely
affect our financial performance or cause us to increase our subscription rates, which could increase churn. Churn may also increase due to factors beyond our control, including churn by subscribers
who are unable to pay their monthly subscription fees, a slowing economy, significant signal theft, consumer fraud, a maturing subscriber base and competitive offers. Any of the risks described in
this Annual Report that could potentially have a material adverse impact on our costs or service quality or that could result in higher prices for our subscribers could cause an increase in churn and
consequently have a material adverse effect on our earnings and financial performance. 

21 

 Table of Contents 

DIRECTV 

 Our subscriber acquisition costs could materially increase. 

        We incur costs for subscribers acquired by us and through third parties. These costs are known as subscriber acquisition costs and
include the cost of set-top receivers and other equipment, commissions we pay to third parties, and the cost of installation, advertising, marketing and customer call center expenses
associated with the acquisition of new subscribers. Our subscriber acquisition costs may materially increase if we offer more costly advanced equipment or services, including connecting our receivers
to
the customers' broadband service, continue or expand current sales promotion activities or introduce more aggressive promotions. Any material increase in subscriber acquisition costs from current
levels would negatively impact our earnings and could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 

 Results are impacted by the effect of, and changes in, economic conditions and weakening economic conditions may reduce subscriber spending and our rate of growth of
subscriber additions and may increase subscriber churn. 

        Our business may be affected by factors that are beyond our control, such as downturns in economic activity, or in the MVPD industry.
Factors such as interest rates and the health of the housing market may impact our business. A substantial portion of our revenues comes from residential customers whose spending patterns may be
affected by prevailing economic conditions. Our market share in multiple dwelling units such as apartment buildings is lower than that of many of our competitors. If unemployment and foreclosures of
single family residences increase, our earnings and financial performance could be negatively affected more than those of our competitors. In addition, if our customers seek alternative means to
obtain video entertainment, they may choose to purchase fewer services from us or may discontinue receiving our services. Due to the economic and competitive environment, we may need to spend more, or
we may provide greater discounts or credits, to acquire and retain customers who in turn spend less on our services. If our ARPU decreases or does not increase commensurate with increases in
programming or other costs, our margins could become compressed and the long-term value of a customer would then decrease. The weak economy may affect our net subscriber additions and
reduce subscriber spending and, if these economic conditions continue or deteriorate, subscriber growth could decline and churn could increase which would have a material adverse effect on our
earnings and financial performance. 

 DIRECTV Latin America is subject to various additional risks associated with doing business internationally, which include political instability, economic instability and
foreign currency exchange rate volatility. 

        All of DIRECTV Latin America's operating companies are located outside the continental United States. DIRECTV Latin America operates
and has subscribers located throughout Latin America and the Caribbean, which makes it vulnerable to risks of conducting business in foreign markets,
including:

•

difficulties and costs associated with complying with a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations; 

•

unexpected changes in political or regulatory environments; 

•

earnings and cash flows that may be subject to tax withholding requirements or the imposition of tariffs, exchange
controls or other restrictions; 

•

restrictions on, or difficulties and costs associated with, the repatriation of cash from foreign countries to the United
States; 

•

political and economic instability; 

•

import and export restrictions and other trade barriers; 

•

difficulties in maintaining overseas subsidiaries and international operations; 

•

difficulties in obtaining approval for significant transactions; 

•

government imposition of limitations on foreign ownership; 

•

government takeover or nationalization of business; and 

•

government mandated price controls. 

        In
the past, the countries that constitute some of DIRECTV Latin America's largest markets, including Brazil, Argentina, Colombia and Venezuela have experienced economic crises,
characterized by exchange rate instability, currency devaluation, high inflation, high interest rates, economic contraction, a reduction or cessation of international capital flows, a reduction of
liquidity in the banking sector and high unemployment. These economic conditions have often been related to political instability. If these economic conditions recur, they could substantially reduce
the purchasing power of the population in our markets, including the middle-markets which we are targeting, and materially adversely affect our business. Also, foreign currency exchange controls are
currently in effect in Venezuela and 

22 

 Table of Contents 

DIRECTV 

Argentina,
and have adversely affected our ability to repatriate cash balances from those countries. 

        Because
DIRECTV Latin America offers premium pay television programming, its business may be particularly vulnerable to economic downturns. DIRECTV Latin America has in the past
experienced, and may in the future experience, decreases or instability in consumer demand for its programming and increases in subscriber credit problems. DIRECTV Latin America's inability to adjust
its business and operations to address these issues could materially adversely affect its revenues and ability to sustain profitable operations. 

 Our ability to keep pace with technological developments is uncertain. 

        In our industry, changes occur rapidly as new technologies are developed, which could render our services and products obsolete. We may
not be able to keep pace with technological developments. If new technologies on which we focus our investments fail to achieve acceptance in the marketplace or our technology does not work and
requires significant cost to replace or fix, we could suffer a material adverse effect on our future competitive position, which could cause a reduction in our revenues and earnings. Further, after
incurring substantial costs, one or more of the technologies under development by us or any of our strategic partners could become obsolete prior to its introduction. 

        Technological
innovation depends, to a significant extent, on the work of technically skilled employees. Competition for the services of these employees has been vigorous. We may not be
able to continue to attract and retain such employees. 

        To
access technologies and provide products that are necessary for us to remain competitive, we may make future acquisitions and investments and may enter into strategic partnerships
with other companies. Such investments may require a commitment of significant capital and human and other resources. The value of such acquisitions, investments and partnerships and the technology
accessed may be highly speculative. Arrangements with third parties can lead to contractual and other disputes and dependence on others for the development and delivery of necessary technology that we
may not be able to control or influence. Such relationships may commit us to technologies that are rendered obsolete by other developments or preclude the pursuit of other technologies which may prove
to be superior. 

 Our business relies on intellectual property, some of which is owned by third parties, and we may inadvertently infringe patents and proprietary rights of others. 

        Many entities, including some of our competitors, have or may obtain patents and other intellectual property rights that cover or
affect products or services related to those that we currently offer or may offer. If a court determines that one or more of our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services
infringes on intellectual property owned by others, we and the applicable manufacturers or vendors may be required to cease developing or marketing those services and products, to obtain licenses from
the owners of the intellectual property or to redesign those services and products in such a way as to avoid infringing the intellectual property rights. If a third party holds intellectual property
rights, it may not allow us or the applicable manufacturers to use its intellectual property at any price, which could materially adversely affect our competitive position. 

        We
may not be aware of all intellectual property rights that our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services may potentially infringe. U.S. patent applications are
generally confidential until the Patent and Trademark Office issues a patent. Therefore, we cannot evaluate the extent to which our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services
may infringe claims contained in pending patent applications. Further, without lengthy litigation, it is often not possible to determine definitively whether a claim of infringement is valid. 

        We
cannot estimate the extent to which we may be required in the future to obtain intellectual property licenses or the availability and cost of any such licenses. Those costs, and their
impact on our earnings, could be material. Damages in patent infringement cases may also include treble damages. If we are required to pay royalties to third parties, these increased costs could
materially adversely affect our operating results. We are currently being sued in patent infringement actions related to use of technologies in our DTH business. There can be no assurance that the
courts will conclude that our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services do not infringe on the rights of third parties, that we or the manufacturers would be able to obtain
licenses from these persons on commercially
reasonable terms or, if we were unable to obtain such licenses, that we or the manufacturers would be able to redesign our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services to avoid
infringement. The final disposition of these claims is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated 

23 

 Table of Contents 

DIRECTV 

financial
position, but could possibly be material to our consolidated results of operations for any one period. Further, no assurance can be given that any adverse outcome would not be material to
our consolidated financial position. See "Legal Proceedings-Intellectual Property Litigation" in Part I, Item 3 which is incorporated by reference herein. 

 We rely on key personnel. 

        We believe that our future success will depend to a significant extent upon the performance of certain of our key executives. The loss
of certain of our key executives could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Construction or launch delays on satellites could materially adversely affect our revenues and earnings. 

        A key component of our business strategy is our ability to expand our offering of new programming and services, including HD
programming. In order to accomplish this goal, we need to construct and launch new satellites. The construction and launch of satellites are often subject to delays, including construction delays,
unavailability of launch opportunities due to competition for launch slots, weather, general delays when a launch provider experiences a launch failure, and delays in obtaining regulatory approvals. A
significant delay in the delivery of any satellite would materially adversely affect the use of the satellite and thus could materially adversely affect our anticipated revenues and earnings. If
satellite construction schedules are not met, there can be no assurance that a launch opportunity will be available at the time a satellite is ready to be launched. Certain delays in satellite
construction could also jeopardize a satellite authorization that is conditioned on timely construction and launch of the satellite. 

 Satellites are subject to significant launch and operational risks. 

        Satellites are subject to significant operational risks relating to launch and while in orbit. These risks include launch failure,
incorrect orbital placement or improper operation. Launch failures result in significant delays in the deployment of satellites because of the need both to construct replacement satellites, which can
take up to 36 months, and to obtain other launch opportunities. Any significant delays or failures in successfully launching and deploying our satellites could materially adversely affect our
ability to generate revenues. While we have traditionally purchased insurance covering the launch and, in limited cases, operation of our satellites, such policies typically cover the loss of the
satellite itself or a portion thereof, and not the business interruption or other associated direct and indirect costs. 

        In-orbit
risks include malfunctions, commonly referred to as anomalies, and collisions with meteoroids, other spacecraft or other space debris. Anomalies occur as a result of
satellite manufacturing errors, problems with the power systems or control systems of the satellites and general failures resulting from operating satellites in the harsh space environment. We work
closely with our satellite manufacturers to determine and eliminate the potential causes of anomalies in new satellites and provide for redundancies of critical components as well as having backup
satellite capacity. However, we cannot assure that we will not
experience anomalies in the future, nor can we assure you that our backup satellite capacity will be sufficient. 

        Any
single anomaly or series of anomalies could materially adversely affect our operations and revenues and our relationships with our subscribers, as well as our ability to attract new
subscribers for our services. Anomalies may also reduce the expected useful life of a satellite, creating additional expenses due to the need to provide replacement or backup satellites and
potentially reducing revenues if service is interrupted. Finally, the occurrence of anomalies may materially adversely affect our ability to insure our satellites at commercially reasonable premiums,
if at all. 

        Our
ability to earn revenue also depends on the usefulness of our satellites. Each satellite has a limited useful life. A number of factors affect the useful life of a satellite,
including, among other things:

•

the design; 

•

the quality of its construction; 

•

the durability of its component parts; 

•

the insertion of the satellite into orbit; 

•

any required movement, temporary or permanent, of the satellite; 

•

the ability to continue to maintain proper orbit and control over the satellite's functions; and 

•

the remaining on-board fuel following orbit insertion. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

DIRECTV 

        Generally,
the minimum design life of the satellites in our fleet is between 12 and 16 years. The actual useful lives of the satellites may be shorter or longer, in some cases
significantly. Our operating results could be adversely affected if the useful life of any of our satellites were significantly shorter than 12 years from the date of launch. 

        In
the event of a failure or loss of any of DIRECTV U.S.' satellites, DIRECTV U.S. may relocate another satellite and use it as a replacement for the failed or lost satellite. In the
event of a complete satellite failure, DIRECTV U.S.' services provided via that satellite could be unavailable for several days or longer while backup in-orbit satellites are repositioned
and services are moved. DIRECTV U.S. is not insured for any resultant lost revenues. The use of backup
satellite capacity for DIRECTV U.S. programming may require DIRECTV U.S. to discontinue some programming services due to potentially reduced capacity on the backup satellite. Relocation of a DIRECTV
U.S. satellite may not require prior FCC approval if, among other things, the replacement satellite would operate within the authorized or coordinated parameters of the failed or lost satellite. If
that is not the case, prior FCC approval would be required. Such FCC approval may not be obtained. DIRECTV U.S. believes we have in-orbit satellite capacity to expeditiously recover
transmission of most of our programming in the event one of our in-orbit satellites fails. However, programming continuity cannot be assured in the event of multiple satellite losses. 

        DIRECTV
Latin America provides its services in PanAmericana and Brazil using leased transponders on two satellites. Sky Mexico provides its services from leased transponders on a
separate satellite. Backup satellite capacity is available to serve Sky Brasil and Sky Mexico. In the event of a failure of a satellite used to provide services to Sky Brasil or Sky Mexico, we believe
DIRECTV Latin America has sufficient in orbit back-up capacity to recover transmission of most of its programming distributed in those markets. However, in PanAmericana, DIRECTV Latin
America has no designated back up satellite capacity for the region and, therefore, programming continuity cannot be assured in the event of a satellite loss. 

        In
addition, DIRECTV Latin America is dependent on third parties for the orbital slots in which its leased satellites are located. If those third parties fail to adequately protect their
rights to continued use of and other rights related to those orbital slots, or fail to take appropriate steps to manage potential conflicts with rights holders for adjacent orbital slots, then DIRECTV
Latin America could lose rights to operate from those locations or may otherwise be required to modify or limit its operations from those locations which could materially adversely affect DIRECTV
Latin America's transmission capacity and its ability to compete in regions served from those orbital slots. 

 The loss of a satellite that is not insured could materially adversely affect our earnings. 

        Any launch vehicle failure, or loss or destruction of any of our satellites, even if insured, could have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations, our ability to comply with FCC regulatory obligations and our ability to fund the construction or acquisition of replacement satellites in a timely
fashion, or at all. At December 31, 2012, the net book value of in-orbit satellites was $1,664 million, none of which was insured. 

 DIRECTV U.S. depends on the Communications Act for access to cable-affiliated programming and changes impacting that access could materially adversely affect us. 

        DIRECTV U.S. purchases a substantial percentage of programming from programmers that are affiliated with cable system operators,
including key RSNs. Currently, under certain provisions of the Communications Act governing access to programming, cable-affiliated programmers generally must sell and deliver their programming
services to all MVPDs on non-discriminatory terms and conditions. 

        Any
change in the Communications Act or the FCC's rules that would permit programmers that are affiliated with cable system operators to refuse to provide such programming or to impose
discriminatory terms or conditions could materially adversely affect our ability to acquire programming on a cost-effective basis, or at all. Most recently, the Communications Act
prohibitions on certain cable industry exclusive contracting practices with cable-affiliated programmers expired in October 2012. Under the remaining rules, DIRECTV may bring complaints on a
case-by-case basis alleging that a particular instance of exclusivity constitutes a prohibited "unfair practice" that has the purpose or effect of significantly hindering or
preventing
DIRECTV from providing programming to consumers. The FCC is currently considering whether to adopt additional safeguards, such as rebuttable presumptions in favor of complainants, but we cannot
predict what if any action the FCC will take. Regardless of the outcome of those considerations, the weakening of the program access rules may increase the ability of cable-affiliated programmers to
deny DIRECTV access to their programming. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

DIRECTV 

        In
addition, certain cable providers have in the past denied us and other MVPDs access to a limited number of channels created by programmers with which the cable providers are
affiliated. In other cases, such programmers have denied MVPDs high-definition feeds of such programming. The cable providers have asserted that they are not required by the Communications
Act to provide such programming (or resolution) due to the manner in which that programming is distributed. The FCC adopted rules to close this loophole. However, they require an evidentiary showing
by an MVPD seeking access to such programming and cable operators have vigorously contested such showings proffered by other complainants. If we were not able to make the required evidentiary showing,
we could be precluded from obtaining such programming, which in turn could materially adversely affect our ability to compete in regions serviced by those cable providers. 

        DIRECTV
U.S. itself is subject to similar restrictions with respect to certain programmers affiliated with us. The FCC imposed a number of conditions on its approval of Liberty Media's
acquisition of News Corporation's interest in DIRECTV which continue to apply. Those conditions require DIRECTV U.S. to offer national and regional programming services it controls to all MVPDs on
non-exclusive and non-discriminatory terms and conditions, and prohibits DIRECTV U.S. from entering into exclusive arrangements with affiliated programmers or unduly
influencing such programmers in their dealings with other MVPDs. 

        We
are subject to significant regulatory oversight and changes in applicable regulatory requirements could adversely affect our business. You should review the regulatory disclosures
under the caption "Item 1—Business—Government Regulation—FCC Regulation Under the Communications Act and Related Acts" which is incorporated here by
reference. 

 Changes to and implementation of statutory copyright license requirements may negatively affect our ability to deliver local and distant broadcast stations, as well as other
aspects of our business. 

        We carry the signals of local and distant broadcast stations pursuant to statutory copyright licenses contained in SHVA, and our
carriage of these stations is governed by the FCC and Copyright Office implementing regulations. Any changes to such laws or regulations could limit our ability to deliver local or distant broadcast
signals. More generally, we have limited capacity, and the projected number of markets in which we can deliver local broadcast programming will continue to be constrained because of the statutory
"carry-one, carry-all" requirement and may be reduced depending on the FCC's interpretation of its rules, as well as judicial decisions. We may not be able to comply with these
must carry rules, or compliance may mean that we are not able to use capacity otherwise for new or additional local or national programming services. In addition, the FCC has issued an increasing
obligation for carriage of local digital broadcast transmissions in HD format. We may be unable to comply with this requirement in markets where we currently carry such signals without ceasing HD
local service entirely in some markets, and would be precluded from launching additional markets currently planned. 

        The
FCC has adopted rules requiring us to negotiate in good faith with broadcast stations seeking carriage outside of the mandatory carriage regime described elsewhere. The rules for
"retransmission consent" negotiations require us to negotiate in good faith with programming providers. Failure to comply with these rules could subject us to administrative sanctions and other
penalties. Moreover, the
FCC is considering changes to these and other rules related to retransmission consent, which could make negotiations more difficult, increase fees charged for carriage, or result in the increased
withholding of broadcast signals. 

 Satellite programming signals have been stolen and may be stolen, which could result in lost revenues and would cause us to incur incremental operating costs that do not
result in subscriber acquisition. 

        The delivery of subscription programming requires the use of conditional access technology to limit access to programming to only those
who are authorized to view it. The conditional access system uses encryption technology to protect the transmitted signal from unauthorized access. It is illegal to create, sell or otherwise
distribute software or devices to circumvent that conditional access technology. However, theft of cable and satellite programming has been widely reported, and the access cards used in our
conditional access system have been, and could be compromised in the future. 

        We
have undertaken various initiatives with respect to our conditional access system to further enhance the security of the DIRECTV signal. We provide our subscribers with advanced
access cards that we believe significantly enhance the security of our signal. We believe these access cards have not been compromised. However, we cannot guarantee that these advanced access cards
will prevent future 

26 

 Table of Contents 

DIRECTV 

theft
of our satellite programming signals. There can be no assurance that we will succeed in developing the technology we need to effectively restrict or eliminate signal theft. If our current access
cards are compromised, our revenue and our ability to contract for programming could be materially adversely affected. In addition, our operating costs could increase if we attempt to implement
additional measures to combat signal theft. 

        In
addition, particularly in Latin America, we also face other forms of signal theft, including illegal retransmission of our signal through unauthorized cable head-ends and
internet key sharing schemes. If we are not able to contain and combat these and other forms of signal theft, such schemes could limit our growth and materially adversely affect our ability to
generate revenue. 

 The ability to maintain FCC licenses and other regulatory approvals is critical to our business. 

        If we do not obtain all requisite U.S. regulatory approvals for the construction, launch and operation of any of our existing or future
satellites, for the use of frequencies at the orbital locations planned for these satellites or for the provision of service, or the licenses obtained impose operational restrictions on us, our
ability to generate revenue and profits could be materially adversely affected. In addition, under certain circumstances, existing licenses are subject to revocation or modification and upon
expiration, extension or renewal may not be granted. If existing licenses are not extended or renewed, or are revoked or materially modified, our ability to generate revenue could be materially
adversely affected. 

        Other
U.S. regulatory risks include:

•

the relocation of satellites to different orbital locations if the FCC determines that relocation is in the public
interest; 

•

the denial by the FCC of an application to replace an existing satellite with a new satellite, or to operate a satellite
beyond the term of its current authorization, or to operate an earth station to communicate with such satellite; and 

•

the authorization by the United States or foreign governments of the use of frequencies by third party satellite or
terrestrial facilities that have the potential to interfere with communication to or from our satellites, which could interfere with our contractual obligations or services to subscribers or other
business operations. 

        All
of our FCC satellite authorizations are subject to conditions imposed by the FCC in addition to the FCC's general authority to modify, cancel or revoke those authorizations. Use of
FCC licenses and other authorizations are often subject to conditions, including technical requirements and implementation deadlines. Failure to comply with such requirements, or comply in a timely
manner, could lead to the loss of authorizations and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue. For example, loss of an authorization could potentially reduce the amount
of programming and other services available to our subscribers. The materiality of such a loss of authorization would vary based upon, among other things, the orbital location at which the frequencies
may be used. 

        Moreover,
some of our authorizations and future applications may be subject to petitions and oppositions, and there can be no assurance that our authorizations will not be canceled,
revoked or modified or that our applications will not be denied. The outcomes of any legislative or regulatory proceedings or their effect on our business cannot be predicted. You should review
"Item 1. Business—Government Regulation—FCC Regulation Under the Communications Act and Related Acts," which is incorporated here by reference. 

 DIRECTV U.S. has significant debt. 

        The carrying value of DIRECTV U.S.' debt, which is guaranteed by DIRECTV, totaled $17,528 million as of December 31,
2012. If we do not have sufficient income or other sources of cash, it could affect our ability to service debt and pay other obligations. 

 We may not be able to obtain or retain certain foreign regulatory approvals. 

        There can be no assurance that any current regulatory approvals held by us are, or will remain, sufficient in the view of foreign
regulatory authorities, or that any additional necessary approvals will be granted on a timely basis or at all, in all jurisdictions in which we operate, or that applicable restrictions in those
jurisdictions will not be unduly burdensome. The failure to obtain and maintain the authorizations necessary to operate satellites or provide satellite service internationally could have a material
adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue and our overall competitive position. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

DIRECTV 

 We have an indemnity obligation to Liberty Media, which is not limited in amount, that could be triggered if parts of the Liberty Transaction or Liberty's 2008 Transaction
with News Corporation are treated as a taxable transaction. 

        On November 19, 2009, The DIRECTV Group, Inc., or DIRECTV Group, and Liberty Media Corporation, which we refer to as
Liberty Media, obtained stockholder approval of and closed a series of related transactions which we refer to collectively as the Liberty Transaction. The Liberty Transaction included the
split-off of certain of the assets of the Liberty Entertainment group into Liberty Entertainment, Inc., or LEI, which was then split-off from Liberty. Following the
split-off, DIRECTV Group and LEI merged with subsidiaries of DIRECTV. As a result of the Liberty Transaction, DIRECTV Group, which is comprised of the DIRECTV U.S. and DIRECTV Latin
America businesses, and LEI, which held Liberty's 57% interest in DIRECTV Group, a 100% interest in three regional sports television networks and a 65% interest in GSN, became wholly owned
subsidiaries of DIRECTV. 

        Despite
obtaining a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service and an opinion of legal counsel to the effect that parts of the Liberty Transaction qualified as a
tax-free distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the continuing validity of such ruling and opinion is subject to the accuracy of factual representations and certain
assumptions. Any inaccuracy in such representations could invalidate the ruling, and failure to comply with any undertakings made in connection with such tax opinion could alter the conclusions
reached in such opinion. Even if parts of the Liberty Transaction otherwise qualify for tax-free treatment, it would result in a significant U.S. federal income tax liability to Liberty
Media if one or more persons acquire a 50% or greater interest in the DIRECTV common stock as part of a plan or series of related transactions that includes the Liberty Transaction. The process for
determining whether an acquisition is part of a plan under these rules is complex, inherently factual and subject to interpretation of the facts and circumstances of a particular case. Liberty Media
or DIRECTV might inadvertently cause or permit a prohibited change in the ownership of DIRECTV to occur, thereby triggering a tax liability to Liberty Media. 

        In
addition, Liberty Media entered into a tax matters agreement with News Corporation in connection with its 2008 transaction with News Corporation, pursuant to which Liberty Media
agreed, among other things, to indemnify News Corporation and certain related persons for taxes resulting from actions taken by Liberty Media or its affiliates that cause such transaction (or related
restructuring transactions) not to qualify as tax-free transactions. Liberty Media's indemnification obligations to News Corporation and certain related persons are not limited in amount. 

        Under
a Tax Sharing Agreement between Liberty Media and DIRECTV, in certain circumstances DIRECTV is obligated to indemnify Liberty Media and certain related persons for any losses and
taxes resulting from the failure of the Liberty Transaction to be tax-free transactions and from any losses resulting from Liberty Media's indemnity obligations to News Corporation under
the tax matters agreement between News Corporation and Liberty Media. If DIRECTV is required to indemnify Liberty Media or certain related persons under the circumstances set forth in the Tax Sharing
Agreement, we may be subject to substantial liabilities not limited in amount. In such a circumstance, we may be required to make payments or dividends to satisfy such liabilities that could either
breach covenants in our credit facilities and bond indentures or require additional or accelerated payments, which could materially adversely affect our financial position and short term operating
results. 

 We may be required to forgo certain transactions in order to avoid the risk of incurring significant tax-related liabilities. 

        We might be required to forgo certain transactions that might have otherwise been advantageous in order to preserve the
tax-free treatment of the Liberty Transaction. In particular, we might be required to forgo certain transactions, including asset dispositions or other strategic transactions for some
period of time following the Liberty Transaction so as not to trigger any liability under the tax indemnification obligations. 

 We rely on network and information systems and other technology, and a disruption or failure of such networks, systems or technology as a result of, misappropriation of data
or other malfeasance, as well as outages, natural disasters, accidental releases of information or similar events, may disrupt our business. 

        Because network and information systems and other technologies are critical to our operating activities, network or information system
shutdowns caused by events such as computer hacking on our network or our DIRECTV.com website, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive 

28 

 Table of Contents 

DIRECTV 

software,
and other malicious activity including industrial espionage and malicious social engineering, as well as power outages, natural disasters such as earthquakes, terrorist attacks and similar
events, pose significant risks. Due to the fast-moving pace of technological advancements, it may be difficult to detect, contain and remediate every such event. Such an event could have
an adverse impact on our operations, including service disruption, degradation of service, excessive call volume to call centers and damage to our broadcast centers, other properties, equipment and
data. Such an event also could result in large expenditures necessary to repair or replace such networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future. Third parties may
also experience errors or disruptions that could adversely impact our business operations and over which we have limited control. Significant incidents could result in a disruption of our operations,
customer dissatisfaction, or a loss of customers or revenues. The amount and scope of insurance we maintain against losses resulting from these events may not be sufficient to cover our losses or
otherwise adequately compensate us for any disruptions to our business that may result. Furthermore, our operating activities could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage,
falsification and accidental release or loss of information maintained in our information technology systems and networks, including customer, personnel and vendor data. We could be exposed to
significant costs if such risks were to materialize, and such events could damage our reputation and credibility and have a negative impact on our revenues. We also could be required to expend
significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach. As a result of the increasing awareness concerning the importance of safeguarding personal information, the potential misuse
of such information and legislation that has been adopted or is being considered regarding the protection, privacy and security of personal information, the liability associated with
information-related risks is increasing, particularly for businesses like ours that handle a large amount of personal customer data. The occurrence of any such network or information systems related
events or security breaches could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 

 We face risks arising from the outcome of various legal proceedings. 

        We are involved in various legal proceedings, including those arising in the ordinary course of business, such as consumer class
actions and those described under the caption "Legal Proceedings" in Part I, Item 3 incorporated by reference herein. Such matters include investigations and legal actions by the FTC and
state attorneys general where regulators may seek monetary damages and may also seek to require or prohibit certain actions by us with regard to our current or potential customers. While we do not
believe that any of these proceedings alone or in the aggregate will have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, an adverse outcome in one or more of these matters or the imposition
of conditions by regulators on the conduct of our business could be material to our consolidated results of operations and cash flows for any one period. Further, no assurance can be given that any
adverse outcome would not be material to our consolidated financial position. 

 Our strategic initiatives may not be successfully implemented, may not elicit the expected customer response in the market and may result in competitive reactions. 

        The Company has identified a number of strategic initiatives that it intends to pursue which are discussed in more detail in the
"Business Strategy" section beginning in Part I, Item 1 of this Annual Report. The successful implementation of those strategic initiatives requires an investment of time, talent and
money and is dependent upon a number of factors some of which are not within our control. Those factors include the ability to execute such initiatives in the market, the response of existing and
potential new customers, and the reaction of competitors. If we fail to properly execute or deliver products or services that do not address customers' expectations, it may have an adverse effect on
our ability to retain and attract customers and may increase our costs and reduce our revenues. Similarly, competitive reaction to our initiatives or advancements in technology or competitive products
or services could impair our ability to execute or could limit the effectiveness of those strategic initiatives. There can be no assurance that we will successfully implement these strategic
initiatives or that, if successfully pursued, they will have the desired result on our business or results of operations. 

 We may face other risks described from time to time in periodic reports filed by us with the SEC. 

        From time to time, we may disclose other relevant risks in other periodic reports that we file with the SEC. We urge you to consider
the above risk factors and any other risks disclosed in such periodic reports carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. The forward-looking statements
included in this Annual Report are made only as of the date of this 

29 

 Table of Contents 

DIRECTV 

Annual
Report and we undertake no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances.