You should carefully consider the following risk factors. The risks described below are not the only ones facing our company.
Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business, financial conditions or results of operations. 

        Our
business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the following: 

 We compete with other MVPDs, some of whom have greater resources than we do and levels of competition are increasing. 

        We compete in the MVPD industry against cable television, telcos and wireless companies and other land-based and
satellite-based system operators with service offerings including video, audio and interactive programming, data and other entertainment services and telephony service. Some of these competitors have
greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do. 

        Some
cable television operators have large, established customer bases and many cable operators have significant investments in, and access to, programming. According to the National
Cable & Telecommunications Association's 2008 Industry Overview, 96% of the 128.6 million U.S. housing units are passed by cable. Of the 128.6 million U.S. housing units,
approximately 97.6 million subscribe to an MVPD service and approximately 62% of MVPD subscribers receive their programming from a cable operator. Cable television operators have advantages
relative to us, including or as a result of: 

•

being the incumbent MVPD operator with an established subscriber base in the territories in which we compete; 

•

bundling their video service with efficient two-way high-speed Internet access or telephone
service on upgraded cable systems; 

•

having the ability to provide certain local and other programming, including HD programming, in geographic areas where we
do not currently provide local or local HD programming; and 

•

having legacy arrangements for exclusivity in certain multiple dwelling units and planned communities. 

        In
addition, cable television operators have grown their subscriber bases through mergers and acquisitions. Moreover, mergers, joint ventures and alliances among franchise, wireless or
private cable television operators, telcos, broadband service providers and others may result in providers capable of offering bundled television, data and telecommunications services in competition
with our services. 

        We
do not currently offer local channel coverage to markets covering approximately three percent of U.S. television households, which places us at a competitive disadvantage in those
markets. We also have been unable to secure certain international programming, due to exclusive arrangements of programming providers with certain competitors, which has constrained our ability to
compete for subscribers who wish to obtain such programming. And as discussed below, certain cable-affiliated programmers have withheld their programming from us in certain markets, which has further
constrained our ability to compete for subscribers in those markets. 

        In
the United States, various telcos and broadband service providers have deployed fiber optic lines directly to customers' homes or neighborhoods to deliver video services, which
compete with the DIRECTV service. It is uncertain whether we will be able to increase our satellite capacity, offer a significant level of new services in existing markets in which 

18

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

we
compete or expand to additional markets as may be necessary to compete effectively. Some of these various telcos and broadband service providers also sell the DIRECTV service as part of a bundle
with their voice and data services. A new broadly-deployed network with the capability of providing video, voice and data services could present a significant competitive challenge and, in the case of
the telcos currently selling the DIRECTV service, could result in such companies focusing less effort and resources selling the DIRECTV service or declining to sell it at all. We may be unable to
develop other distribution methods to make up for lost sales through the telcos. 

        As
a result of these and other factors, we may not be able to continue to expand our subscriber base or compete effectively against cable television or other MVPD operators in the
future. 

 Emerging digital media competition could materially adversely affect us. 

        Our business is focused on television, and we face emerging competition from other providers of digital media, some of which have
greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do. In particular, programming offered over the Internet has become more prevalent as the speed and quality of broadband networks have
improved. OVDs and providers such as Hulu, Roku, Netflix, Apple TV, Amazon and Google TV are aggressively working to establish themselves as an alternative provider of video services. Such
services and the growing availability of online content, coupled with an expanding market for connected devices and internet-connected televisions, poses a potential competitive challenge to
traditional MVPDs, as a number of consumers may decide to drop their traditional MVPD subscription package. 

        Significant
changes in consumer behavior with regard to the means by which they obtain video entertainment and information in response to this emerging digital media competition could
materially adversely affect our revenues and earnings or otherwise disrupt our business. 

 We depend on others to produce programming and programming costs are increasing. 

        Almost all of our programming is provided by unaffiliated third parties. Typically our programming agreements are
multiple-year agreements and contain annual price increases. When negotiating to acquire rights to new programming, or for renewal of expiring contracts, programming suppliers have
historically increased the rates they charge us for programming, increasing our costs. Often these increases are greater than the rate of inflation for the same period. We expect this practice to
continue and the negotiations over such increases to become more difficult and potentially disruptive. Increases in programming costs, including retransmission costs for broadcast programming, could
cause us to increase the rates that we charge our subscribers, which could in turn, especially in a difficult economic environment, cause subscribers to terminate their subscriptions or potential new
subscribers to refrain from subscribing to our service. Furthermore, due to the economy and other factors, we may be unable to pass programming cost increases on to our subscribers. Alternatively, in
order to attempt to mitigate the effect of proposed programming price increases, we may refuse to carry certain channels, which could adversely affect subscriber growth or result in higher churn. 

        In
addition, a limited number of cable-affiliated programmers have in the past denied us access to their programming. Our ability to compete successfully will depend on our ability to
continue to obtain desirable programming and deliver it to our subscribers at competitive prices. We may not be able to renew these agreements on favorable terms, or at all, or these agreements may be
canceled prior to expiration of their original terms. If we are unable to renew any of these agreements or the other parties cancel the agreements, we may not be able to obtain substitute programming,
or if we are able to obtain such substitute programming, it may not be comparable in quality or cost to our existing programming. 

        If
we are unable to obtain rights to programming or are unable to pass additional costs on to subscribers, the potential loss of subscribers and the need to absorb some or all of the
additional costs could have a material adverse effect on our earnings or cash flow. 

 A National Football League strike or lockout in 2011 could materially adversely affect our cash flows. 

        DIRECTV U.S. has a contract with the National Football League for the exclusive rights to distribute the NFL Sunday Ticket Package to
DIRECTV U.S. subscribers. The NFL's collective bargaining agreement 

19

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

with
its players expires before the beginning of the 2011-2012 NFL season. If there is a players' strike or an owners' lockout and no games are played or a reduced schedule is played,
DIRECTV U.S. would still be obligated to make certain contractual payments to the NFL for such season. DIRECTV U.S. subscriber revenues would decrease if NFL games are not played or a full season is
lost and cash flows from operating activities would decrease from lower revenues as well as our continuing obligation to make certain contractual payments to the NFL. DIRECTV U.S. will be able to
partially offset these payments through provisions such as credits in the following year, reimbursements for games not played and its rights to an extra season if the entire season is cancelled, but
in the near term a strike or lockout could have a material adverse effect on our cash flows from operating activities primarily due to payments we may have to make to the NFL, including minimum
contractual obligations, an optional advance payment that may be requested by the NFL and the loss of subscriber revenue, as well as possibly resulting in reduced subscriber additions and higher
churn. 

 Increased subscriber churn or subscriber upgrade and retention costs could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 

        Turnover of subscribers in the form of subscriber service cancellations, or churn, has a significant financial impact on the results of
operations of any subscription television provider, including us, as does the cost of upgrading and retaining subscribers. Any increase in our upgrade and retention costs for our existing subscribers
or increased retransmission fees paid to broadcasters may adversely affect our financial performance or cause us to increase our subscription rates, which could increase churn. Churn may also increase
due to factors beyond our control, including churn by subscribers who are unable to pay their monthly subscription fees, a slowing economy, significant signal theft, consumer fraud, a maturing
subscriber base and competitive offers. Any of the risks described in this Annual Report that could potentially have a material adverse impact on our cost or service quality or that could result in
higher prices for our subscribers could also, in turn, cause an increase in churn and consequently have a material adverse effect on our earnings and financial performance. 

 Our subscriber acquisition costs could materially increase. 

        We incur costs relating to subscribers acquired by us and subscribers acquired through third parties. These costs are known as
subscriber acquisition costs. For instance, we provide installation incentives to our retailers to enable them to offer standard professional installation as part of the subscriber's purchase or lease
of a DIRECTV System. In addition, we pay commissions to retailers for their efforts in offering a DIRECTV System at a lower cost to consumers. Our subscriber acquisition costs may materially increase
to the extent we offer more costly advanced equipment or services, including connecting our receivers to the customers' broadband service, continue or expand current sales promotion activities or
introduce other more aggressive promotions, or due to increased competition. Any material increase in subscriber acquisition costs from current levels would negatively impact our earnings and could
materially adversely affect our financial performance. 

 Results are impacted by the effect of, and changes in, United States economic conditions and weakening economic conditions may reduce subscriber spending and our rate of
growth of subscriber additions and may increase subscriber churn. 

        Our business may be affected by factors in the United States that are beyond our control, such as downturns in economic activity, or in
the MVPD industry. Factors such as interest rates and the health of the housing market may impact our business. A substantial portion of our revenues comes from residential customers whose spending
patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. Our market share in multiple dwelling units such as apartment buildings is lower than that of many of our competitors. If unemployment and
foreclosures of single family residences increase, our earnings and financial performance could be negatively affected more than those of our competitors. In addition, if our customers seek
alternative means to obtain video entertainment, they may choose to purchase fewer services from us. Due to the economic and competitive environment, we may need to spend more, or we may provide
greater discounts or credits, to acquire and retain customers who in turn spend less on our services. If our ARPU decreases or does not increase commensurate with increases in programming or other
costs, our margins could become compressed and the long term value of a customer would then decrease. 

20

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

The
weak economy may affect our net subscriber additions and reduce subscriber spending and, if these economic conditions continue or deteriorate further, our subscriber growth could decline and our
churn rate
could increase which would have a material adverse effect on our earnings and financial performance. 

 DTVLA is subject to various additional risks associated with doing business internationally, which include political instability, economic instability, and foreign currency
exchange rate volatility. 

        All of DTVLA's operating companies are located outside the continental United States. DTVLA operates and has subscribers located
throughout Latin America and the Caribbean, which makes it vulnerable to risks of conducting business in foreign markets, including: 

•

difficulties and costs associated with complying with a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations; 

•

unexpected changes in political or regulatory environments; 

•

earnings and cash flows that may be subject to tax withholding requirements or the imposition of tariffs, exchange
controls or other restrictions; 

•

difficulties and costs associated with the repatriation of cash from foreign countries to the United States; 

•

political and economic instability; 

•

import and export restrictions and other trade barriers; 

•

difficulties in maintaining overseas subsidiaries and international operations; 

•

difficulties in obtaining approval for significant transactions; 

•

government takeover or nationalization of business; and 

•

government mandated price controls. 

        In
the past, the countries that constitute some of DTVLA's largest markets, including Brazil, Argentina, Colombia and Venezuela have experienced economic crises, caused by external and
internal factors, and characterized by exchange rate instability, high inflation, high domestic interest rates, economic contraction, a reduction or cessation of international capital flows, a
reduction of liquidity in the banking sector and high unemployment. These economic conditions have often been related to political instability, including political violence. If these economic
conditions recur, they could substantially reduce the purchasing power of the population in our markets, including the middle-markets which we are targeting, and materially adversely affect our
business. 

        Because
DTVLA offers premium pay television programming, its business may be particularly vulnerable to economic downturns. DTVLA has experienced, and may in the future experience,
decreases or instability in consumer demand for its programming, as well as subscriber credit problems. DTVLA's inability to adjust its business and operations to adequately address these issues could
materially adversely affect its revenues and ability to sustain profitable operations. 

 Our ability to keep pace with technological developments is uncertain. 

        In the video industry, changes occur rapidly as new technologies are developed, which could cause our services and products that
deliver our services to become obsolete. We may not be able to keep pace with technological developments. If the new technologies on which we intend to focus our investments fail to achieve acceptance
in the marketplace or our technology does not work and requires significant cost to replace or fix, we could suffer a material adverse effect on our future competitive position, which could cause a
reduction in our revenues and earnings. For example, our competitors could be the first to obtain proprietary technologies that are perceived by the market as being superior. Further, after incurring
substantial costs, one or more of the technologies under development by us or any of our strategic partners could become obsolete prior to its introduction. 

        In
addition, technological innovation depends, to a significant extent, on the work of technically skilled employees. Competition for the services of these employees has been vigorous.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to attract and retain these employees. 

        To
access technologies and provide products that are necessary for us to remain competitive, particularly in the area of broadband services, we may make future acquisitions and
investments and may enter into strategic 

21

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

partnerships
with other companies. Such investments may require a commitment of significant capital and human and other resources. The value of such acquisitions, investments and partnerships and the
technology accessed may be highly speculative. Arrangements with third parties can lead to contractual and other disputes and dependence on the development and delivery of necessary technology on
third parties that we may not be able to control or influence. These relationships may commit us to technologies that are rendered obsolete by other developments or preclude the pursuit of other
technologies which may prove to be superior. 

 Our business relies on intellectual property, some of which is owned by third parties, and we may inadvertently infringe patents and proprietary rights of others. 

        Many entities, including some of our competitors, have or may in the future obtain patents and other intellectual property rights that
cover or affect products or services related to those that
we currently offer or may offer in the future. In general, if a court determines that one or more of our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services infringes on intellectual
property owned by others, we and the applicable manufacturers or vendors may be required to cease developing or marketing those services and products, to obtain licenses from the owners of the
intellectual property or to redesign those services and products in such a way as to avoid infringing the intellectual property rights. If a third party holds intellectual property rights, it may not
allow us or the applicable manufacturers to use its intellectual property at any price, which could materially adversely affect our competitive position. 

        We
may not be aware of all intellectual property rights that our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services may potentially infringe. In addition, patent
applications in the United States are generally confidential until the Patent and Trademark Office issues a patent. Therefore, we cannot evaluate the extent to which our services or the products used
to transmit or receive our services may infringe claims contained in pending patent applications. Further, without lengthy litigation, it is often not possible to determine definitively whether a
claim of infringement is valid. 

        We
cannot estimate the extent to which we may be required in the future to obtain intellectual property licenses or the availability and cost of any such licenses. Those costs, and their
impact on our earnings, could be material. Damages in patent infringement cases may also include treble damages in certain circumstances. To the extent that we are required to pay royalties to third
parties to whom we are not currently making payments, these increased costs of doing business could materially adversely affect our operating results. We are currently being sued in patent
infringement actions related to use of technologies in our DTH business. There can be no assurance that the courts will conclude that our services or the products used to transmit or receive our
services do not infringe on the rights of third parties, that we or the manufacturers would be able to obtain licenses from these persons on commercially reasonable terms or, if we were unable to
obtain such licenses, that we or the manufacturers would be able to redesign our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services to avoid infringement. The final disposition of these
claims is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, but could possibly be material to our consolidated results of operations for any one period. Further,
no assurance can be given that any adverse outcome would not be material to our consolidated financial position. See "Legal Proceedings—Intellectual Property Litigation" in Part I,
Item 3 which is incorporated by reference herein. 

 We rely on key personnel. 

        We believe that our future success will depend to a significant extent upon the performance of certain of our key executives. The loss
of certain of our key executives could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Construction or launch delays on satellites could materially adversely affect our revenues and earnings. 

        A key component of our business strategy is our ability to expand our offering of new programming and services, including increased
local and HD programming. In order to accomplish this goal, we need to construct and launch new satellites. The construction and launch of satellites are often subject to delays, including satellite
and launch vehicle construction delays, periodic unavailability of reliable launch opportunities due to 

22

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

competition
for launch slots, weather and also due to general delays that result when a launch provider experiences a launch failure, and delays in obtaining regulatory approvals. A significant delay
in the future delivery of any satellite would materially adversely affect the use of the satellite and
thus could materially adversely affect our anticipated revenues and earnings. If satellite construction schedules are not met, there can be no assurance that a launch opportunity will be available at
the time a satellite is ready to be launched. Certain delays in satellite construction could also jeopardize a satellite authorization that is conditioned on timely construction and launch of the
satellite. 

 Our satellites are subject to significant launch and operational risks. 

        Satellites are subject to significant operational risks relating to launch and while in orbit. Launch and operational risks include
launch failure, incorrect orbital placement or improper commercial operation. Launch failures result in significant delays in the deployment of satellites because of the need both to construct
replacement satellites, which can take up to 36 months, and obtain other launch opportunities. We estimate the overall historical loss rate for all launches of commercial satellites in the last
seven years to be approximately five percent but it may be higher. Any significant delays or failures in successfully launching and deploying our satellites could materially adversely affect our
ability to generate revenues. While we have traditionally purchased insurance covering the launch and, in limited cases, operation of our satellites, such policies typically cover the loss of the
satellite itself or a portion thereof, and not the business interruption or other associated direct and indirect costs. For example, we purchased launch insurance covering a portion of our DIRECTV 12
satellite, which we launched at the end of 2009, and launch vehicle costs in the event of a total loss of the satellite prior to separation from the launch vehicle, but did not purchase
in-orbit insurance for it. 

        In-orbit
risks include malfunctions, commonly referred to as anomalies, and collisions with meteoroids, other spacecraft or other space debris. Anomalies occur as a result of
various factors, such as satellite manufacturing errors, problems with the power systems or control systems of the satellites and general failures resulting from operating satellites in the harsh
space environment. We work closely with our satellite manufacturers to determine and eliminate the potential causes of anomalies in new satellites and provide for redundancies of critical components
in the satellites as well as having backup satellite capacity. However, we cannot assure you that we will not experience anomalies in the future, nor can we assure you that our backup satellite
capacity will be sufficient for our business purposes. 

        Any
single anomaly or series of anomalies could materially adversely affect our operations and revenues and our relationships with our subscribers, as well as our ability to attract new
subscribers for our services. Anomalies may also reduce the expected useful life of a satellite, thereby creating additional expenses due to the need to provide replacement or backup satellites and
potentially reducing revenues if service is interrupted. Finally, the occurrence of anomalies may materially adversely affect our ability to insure our satellites at commercially reasonable premiums,
if at all. While some anomalies are currently covered by existing insurance policies, others are not now covered or may not be covered in the future. 

        Our
ability to earn revenue also depends on the usefulness of our satellites. Each satellite has a limited useful life. A number of factors affect the useful life of a satellite,
including, among other things: 

•

the design; 

•

the quality of its construction; 

•

the durability of its component parts; 

•

the launch vehicle's insertion of the satellite into orbit; 

•

any required movement, temporary or permanent, of the satellite; 

•

the ability to continue to maintain proper orbit and control over the satellite's functions; and 

•

the remaining on-board fuel following orbit insertion. 

        Generally,
the minimum design life of the satellites in our fleet is between 12 and 16 years. The actual useful lives of the satellites may be shorter or longer, in some cases
significantly. Our operating results could be adversely affected if the useful life of any of our satellites were significantly shorter than 12 years from the date of launch. 

23

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

        In
the event of a failure or loss of any of DIRECTV U.S.' satellites, DIRECTV U.S. may relocate another satellite and use it as a replacement for the failed or lost satellite. In the
event of a complete satellite failure, DIRECTV U.S.' services provided via that satellite could be unavailable for several days or longer while backup in-orbit satellites are repositioned
and services are moved. DIRECTV U.S. is not insured for any resultant lost revenues. The use of backup satellite capacity for DIRECTV U.S. programming may require DIRECTV U.S. to discontinue some
programming services due to potentially reduced capacity on the backup satellite. Any relocation of DIRECTV U.S.' satellites would require prior FCC approval and, among other things, a demonstration
to the FCC that the replacement satellite would not cause additional interference compared to the failed or lost satellite. Such FCC approval may not be obtained. DIRECTV U.S. believes they have or
will have in 2011, in-orbit satellite capacity to expeditiously recover transmission of most our programming in the event one of our in-orbit satellites fails. However,
programming continuity cannot be assured in the event of multiple satellite losses. 

        DTVLA
provides its services in PanAmericana and Brazil using leased transponders on two satellites. Sky Mexico provides its services from leased transponders on a separate satellite.
Backup satellite capacity is available to serve Sky Brazil and Sky Mexico. In the event of a failure of a satellite used to provide services to Sky Brazil or Sky Mexico, we believe DTVLA has
sufficient in orbit back-up capacity to recover transmission of most of its programming distributed in those markets. However, in PanAmericana, DTVLA has no designated back up satellite
capacity for the region and, therefore, programming continuity cannot be assured in the event of a satellite loss. 

 The loss of a satellite that is not insured could materially adversely affect our earnings. 

        Any launch vehicle failure, or loss or destruction of any of our satellites, even if insured, could have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations, our ability to comply with FCC regulatory obligations and our ability to fund the construction or acquisition of replacement satellites in a timely
fashion, or at all. At December 31, 2010, the net book value of in-orbit satellites was $2,165 million, none of which was insured. 

 We depend on the Communications Act for access to cable-affiliated programming and changes impacting that access could materially adversely affect us. 

        We purchase a substantial percentage of our programming from programmers that are affiliated with cable system operators, including key
regional sports networks, or RSNs. Currently, under certain provisions of the Communications Act governing access to programming, cable-affiliated programmers generally must sell and deliver their
programming services to all MVPDs on non-discriminatory terms and conditions. The Communications Act and the FCC rules also prohibit certain types of exclusive programming contracts
involving programming from cable-affiliated programmers. 

        Any
change in the Communications Act or the FCC's rules that would permit programmers that are affiliated with cable system operators to refuse to provide such programming or to impose
discriminatory terms or conditions could materially adversely affect our ability to acquire programming on a cost-effective basis, or at all. The Communications Act prohibitions on certain
cable industry exclusive contracting practices with cable-affiliated programmers were extended by the FCC through October 2012, though it is currently considering proposals that could shorten the term
of this extension if a cable operator could show that competition from new entrant MVPDs had reached a sufficient penetration level in the relevant marketing area. 

        In
addition, certain cable providers have denied us and other MVPDs access to a limited number of channels created by programmers with which the cable providers are affiliated. In other
cases, such programmers have denied MVPDs high definition feeds of such programming. The cable providers have asserted that they are not required to provide such programming (or resolution) due to the
manner in which that programming is distributed, which they argue is not covered by the program access provisions of the Communications Act. The FCC recently adopted new rules under which such
programming would also be subject to certain non-exclusivity and non-discrimination requirements. These rules have been challenged in court, however. In addition, they will
require a further evidentiary showing by an MVPD seeking access to such programming. If these new rules are successfully challenged in court or we cannot make the 

24

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

required
evidentiary showing, we may continue to be precluded from obtaining such programming, which in turn could materially adversely affect our ability to compete in regions serviced by those cable
providers. Although the FCC also addressed some of these issues in a limited fashion by placing access conditions on certain regional sports networks affiliated with Time Warner Cable, Inc. and
Comcast Corporation, as well as placing various program access conditions relating to Comcast Corporation's acquisition of control of NBC Universal, it is not clear that we will be able to assure
continued access to this programming on fair and nondiscriminatory terms. 

        DIRECTV
itself is subject to similar restrictions with respect to certain programmers affiliated with us. The FCC imposed a number of conditions
on its approval of Liberty Media's acquisition of News Corporation's interest in DIRECTV in 2007 which continues to apply. Among other things, those conditions require DIRECTV to offer national and
regional programming services it controls to all MVPDs on non-exclusive and non-discriminatory terms and conditions, and prohibits DIRECTV from entering into exclusive
arrangements with affiliated programmers or unduly influencing such programmers in their dealings with other MVPDs. The conditions also require DIRECTV to engage in "baseball style" arbitration if
elected by an MVPD where the parties cannot agree on terms and conditions for carriage of RSN programming owned, managed or controlled by DIRECTV. This condition continues to apply to the three RSNs
DIRECTV acquired from Liberty Media in 2009. 

 Changes to and implementation of statutory copyright license requirements may negatively affect our ability to deliver local and distant broadcast stations, as well as other
aspects of our business. 

        We carry the signals of distant broadcast stations pursuant to statutory copyright licenses contained in SHVA. 

        SHVA,
related laws, and FCC implementing rules also govern our provision of local broadcast signals. STELA itself directed a number of federal agencies and bodies to conduct proceedings
to evaluate the possibility of significant changes to these laws. Such changes could limit our ability to deliver local broadcast signals. More generally, we have limited capacity, and the projected
number of markets in which we can deliver local broadcast programming will continue to be constrained because of the statutory "carry-one, carry-all" requirement and may be
reduced depending on changes to that requirement, the FCC's interpretation of its rules in pending and future rulemaking and complaint proceedings, as well as judicial decisions interpreting must
carry requirements. We may not be able to comply with these must carry rules, or compliance may mean that we are not able to use capacity that could otherwise be used for new or additional local or
national programming services. In addition, the FCC has issued an increasing obligation for carriage of local digital broadcast transmissions in HD format. We may be unable to comply with this
requirement in markets where we currently carry such signals without ceasing HD local service entirely in some markets, and would be precluded from launching additional markets currently planned. 

        In
addition, the FCC has adopted rules requiring us to negotiate in good faith with broadcast stations seeking carriage outside of the mandatory carriage regime described elsewhere. The
rules for "retransmission consent" negotiations, which are similar to those that have applied to broadcast stations for years, require us to comply with certain indicia of good faith negotiation, as
well as to demonstrate good faith under a "totality of the circumstances" test. Failure to comply with these rules could subject us to administrative sanctions and other penalties. Moreover, the FCC
is considering changes to these and other rules related to retransmission consent, some of which could make negotiations more difficult, increase fees charged by broadcasters for carriage, or result
in the increased withholding of broadcast signals. 

 Satellite programming signals have been stolen and may be stolen in the future, which could result in lost revenues and would cause us to incur incremental operating costs
that do not result in subscriber acquisition. 

        The delivery of subscription programming requires the use of conditional access technology to limit access to programming to only those
who subscribe and are authorized to view it. The conditional access system uses, among other things, encryption technology to protect the transmitted signal from unauthorized access. It is illegal to
create, sell or otherwise distribute software or devices to circumvent that conditional access technology. However, theft of cable and satellite programming has been widely reported, and the access
cards used in our conditional access system 

25

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

have
been compromised in the past and could be compromised in the future. 

        We
have undertaken various initiatives with respect to our conditional access system to further enhance the security of the DIRECTV signal. To help combat signal theft, we provide our
subscribers with more advanced access cards that we believe significantly enhance the security of our signal. Currently, we believe these access cards have not been compromised. However, we cannot
guarantee that those advanced access cards will prevent the theft of our satellite programming signals in the future. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in developing the
technology we need to effectively restrict or eliminate signal theft. If our current access cards are compromised, our revenue and our ability to contract for video and audio services provided by
programmers could be materially adversely affected. In addition, our operating costs could increase if we attempt to implement additional measures to combat signal theft. 

 The ability to maintain FCC licenses and other regulatory approvals is critical to our business. 

        If we do not obtain all requisite U.S. regulatory approvals for the construction, launch and operation of any of our existing or future
satellites for the use of frequencies at the orbital locations planned for these satellites or for the provision of service, or the licenses obtained impose operational restrictions on us, our ability
to generate revenue and profits could be materially adversely affected. In addition, under certain circumstances, existing licenses are subject to revocation or modification and upon expiration,
renewal may not be granted. If existing licenses are not renewed, or are revoked or materially modified, our ability to generate revenue could be materially adversely affected. 

        In
certain cases, satellite system operators are obligated by governmental regulation and procedures of the International Telecommunications Union to coordinate the operation of their
systems with other users of the radio spectrum in order to avoid causing interference to those other users. Coordination may require a satellite system operator to reduce power, avoid operating on
certain frequencies, relocate its satellite to another orbital location and/or otherwise modify planned or existing operations. For example, the FCC has conditionally granted Spectrum Five authority
to provide direct broadcast satellite service using frequencies assigned to it by the Government of the Netherlands from an orbital slot located halfway between slots at which we currently operate.
Other operators have filed similar requests. We believe this closer proximity, if ultimately implemented, would significantly increase the risk of interference which could adversely affect the quality
of service provided to our subscribers. We may not be able to successfully coordinate our satellites to the extent we are required to do so, and any modifications we make in the course of
coordination, or any inability to successfully coordinate, may materially adversely affect our ability to generate revenue. In addition, the FCC is currently conducting a rulemaking proceeding to
consider, among other things, the adoption of operating parameters under which such "tweener" systems would be automatically deemed coordinated. 

        Other
regulatory risks include, among others: 

•

the relocation of satellites to different orbital locations if the FCC determines that relocation is in the public
interest; 

•

the denial by the FCC of an application to replace an existing satellite with a new satellite, or to operate a satellite
beyond the term of its current authorization, or to operate an earth station to communicate with such satellite; 

•

the loss of authorizations to operate satellites on certain frequencies at certain locations if we do not construct,
launch and operate satellites for those locations by certain dates; and 

•

the authorization by the United States or foreign governments of the use of frequencies by third party satellite or
terrestrial facilities that have the potential to interfere with communication to or from our satellites, which could interfere with our contractual obligations or services to subscribers or other
business operations. 

        All
of our FCC satellite authorizations are subject to conditions imposed by the FCC in addition to the FCC's general authority to modify, cancel or revoke those authorizations. Use of
FCC licenses and other authorizations are often subject to conditions, including technical requirements and implementation deadlines. Failure to comply with such requirements, or comply in a timely
manner, could lead to the loss of authorizations and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to 

26

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

generate
revenue. For example, loss of an authorization could potentially reduce the amount of programming and other services available to our subscribers. The materiality of such a loss of
authorization would vary based upon, among other things, the orbital location at which the frequencies may be used. 

        Moreover,
some of our authorizations and future applications may be subject to petitions and oppositions, and there can be no assurance that our authorizations will not be canceled,
revoked or modified or that our applications will not be denied. Moreover, the FCC has adopted new rules for licensing satellites that may limit our ability to file applications and secure licenses in
the future. 

        Congress
has continued to shape the scope of the FCC's regulatory authority and enact legislation that affects our business. In addition, FCC proceedings to implement legislation and
enact additional regulations are ongoing. The outcomes of these legislative or regulatory proceedings or their effect on our business cannot be predicted. 

 We have significant debt. 

        We have debt totaling $10,510 million as of December 31, 2010. If we do not have sufficient income or other sources of
cash, it could affect our ability to service debt and pay other obligations. 

 We may not be able to obtain or retain certain foreign regulatory approvals. 

        There can be no assurance that any current regulatory approvals held by us are, or will remain, sufficient in the view of foreign
regulatory authorities, or that any additional necessary approvals will be granted on a timely basis or at all, in all jurisdictions in which we operate, or that applicable restrictions in those
jurisdictions will not be unduly burdensome. The failure to obtain the authorizations necessary to operate satellites or provide satellite service internationally could have a material adverse effect
on our ability to generate revenue and our overall competitive position. 

 We may have a significant indemnity obligation to Liberty Media, which is not limited in amount or subject to any cap, if parts of the Liberty Transaction or Liberty's 2008
Transaction with News Corporation are treated as a taxable transaction. 

        Despite obtaining a private letter ruling from the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") and an opinion of legal counsel to the effect
that parts of the Liberty Transaction qualified as a tax-free distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the continuing validity of such ruling and opinion is subject to the
accuracy of factual representations and certain assumptions. Any inaccuracy in such representations could invalidate the ruling, and failure to comply with any undertakings made in connection with
such tax opinion could alter the conclusions reached in such opinion. Even if parts of the Liberty Transaction otherwise qualify for tax-free treatment, it would result in a significant
U.S. federal income tax liability to Liberty Media if one or more persons acquire a 50% or greater interest in the DIRECTV common stock as part of a plan or series of related transactions that
includes the Liberty Transaction. The process for determining whether an acquisition is part of a plan under these rules is complex, inherently factual and subject to interpretation of the facts and
circumstances of a particular case. Liberty Media or DIRECTV might inadvertently cause or permit a prohibited change in the ownership of DIRECTV to occur, thereby triggering a tax liability to Liberty
Media. 

        In
addition, Liberty Media entered into a tax matters agreement with News Corporation in connection with its 2008 transaction with News Corporation, pursuant to which Liberty Media
agreed, among other things, to indemnify News Corporation and certain related persons for taxes resulting from actions taken by Liberty Media or its affiliates that cause such transaction (or related
restructuring transactions) not to qualify as tax-free transactions. Liberty Media's indemnification obligations to News Corporation and certain related persons are not limited in amount
or subject to any cap. 

        Under
a Tax Sharing Agreement between Liberty Media and DIRECTV, in certain circumstances DIRECTV is obligated to indemnify Liberty Media and certain related persons for any losses and
taxes resulting from the failure of the Liberty Transaction to be tax-free transactions and from any losses resulting from Liberty Media's indemnity obligations to 

27

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

News
Corporation under the tax matters agreement between News Corporation and Liberty Media. If DIRECTV is required to indemnify
Liberty Media or certain related persons under the circumstances set forth in the Tax Sharing Agreement, we may be subject to substantial liabilities not limited in amount or subject to any cap. In
such a circumstance, we may be required to make payments or dividends to satisfy such liabilities that could either breach covenants in our credit facilities and bond indentures or require additional
or accelerated payments, which could materially adversely affect our financial position and short term operating results. 

 We may be required to forgo certain transactions in order to avoid the risk of incurring significant tax-related liabilities. 

        We might be required to forgo certain transactions that might have otherwise been advantageous in order to preserve the
tax-free treatment of the Liberty Transaction. In particular, we might be required to forgo certain transactions, including asset dispositions or other strategic transactions for some
period of time following the Liberty Transaction so as not to trigger any liability under the tax indemnification obligations. 

 We rely on network and information systems and other technology, and a disruption or failure of such networks, systems or technology as a result of, misappropriation of data
or other malfeasance, as well as outages, natural disasters, accidental releases of information or similar events, may disrupt our business. 

        Because network and information systems and other technologies are critical to our operating activities, network or information system
shutdowns caused by events such as computer hacking, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive software, and other malicious activity, as well as power outages,
natural disasters such as earthquakes, terrorist attacks and similar events, pose increasing risks. Such an event could have an adverse impact on us and our customers, including degradation of
service, service disruption, excessive call volume to call centers and damage to our broadcast centers, other properties, equipment and data. Such an event also could result in large expenditures
necessary to repair or replace such networks or information systems or to protect them from similar events in the future. Significant incidents could result in a disruption of our operations, customer
dissatisfaction, or a loss of customers or revenues. 

        Furthermore,
our operating activities could be subject to risks caused by misappropriation, misuse, leakage, falsification and accidental release or loss of information maintained in our
information technology systems and networks, including customer, personnel and vendor data. We could be exposed to significant costs if such risks were to materialize, and such events could damage our
reputation and credibility and have a negative impact on our revenues. We also could be required to expend significant capital and other resources to remedy any such security breach. As a result of
the increasing awareness concerning the importance of safeguarding personal information, the potential misuse of such information and legislation that has been adopted or is being considered regarding
the protection, privacy and security of personal information, information-related risks are increasing, particularly for businesses like ours that handle a large amount of personal customer data. 

 We face risks arising from the outcome of various legal proceedings. 

        We are involved in various legal proceedings, including those arising in the ordinary course of business, such as consumer class
actions and those described under the caption "Legal Proceedings" in Part I, Item 3 incorporated by reference herein. Such matters include investigations and legal actions by the Federal
Trade Commission where regulators may seek monetary damages and may also seek to require or prohibit certain actions by us with regard to our current or potential customers. While we do not believe
that any of these proceedings alone or in the aggregate will have a material effect on our consolidated financial position, an adverse outcome in one or more of these matters or the imposition of
conditions by regulators on the conduct of our business could be material to our consolidated results of operations and cash flows for any one period. Further, no assurance can be given that any
adverse outcome would not be material to our consolidated financial position. 

28

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

 We may face other risks described from time to time in periodic reports filed by us with the SEC. 

        We urge you to consider the above risk factors carefully in evaluating forward- looking statements contained in this Annual Report. The
forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report are made only as of the date of this Annual Report and we undertake no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements to
reflect subsequent events or circumstances.