You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the more detailed descriptions of our business elsewhere in this Annual Report. The risks
described below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business, financial condition or
results of operations. 

        Our
business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the following: 

 We compete with other MVPDs, some of whom have greater resources than we do and levels of competition are increasing. 

        We compete in the MVPD industry against cable television, telcos and wireless companies and other land-based and satellite-
based system operators with service offerings including video, audio and interactive programming, data and other entertainment services and telephony service. Some of these competitors have greater
financial, marketing and other resources than we do. 

        Some
cable television operators have large, established customer bases and many cable operators have significant investments in, and access to, programming. According to the National
Cable & Telecommunications Association's 2008 Industry Overview, 96% of the 128.6 million U.S. housing units are passed by cable. Of the 128.6 million U.S. housing units,
approximately 97.6 million subscribe to an MVPD service and approximately 62% of MVPD subscribers receive their programming from a cable operator. Cable television operators have advantages
relative to us, including or as a result of: 

•

being the incumbent MVPD operator with an established subscriber base in the territories in which we compete; 

•

bundling their analog video service with expanded digital video services delivered terrestrially or via satellite, or with
efficient two-way high-speed Internet access or telephone service on upgraded cable systems; 

•

having the ability to provide certain local and other programming, including HD programming, in geographic areas where we
do not currently provide local or local HD programming; and 

•

having legacy arrangements for exclusivity in certain multiple dwelling units and planned communities. 

22

Table of Contents 

DIRECTV 

        In addition, cable television operators have grown their subscriber bases through mergers and acquisitions, and a recent federal appeals court decision
invalidating the cap on the number of subscribers a single cable operator may allow them additional avenues for growth. Moreover, mergers, joint ventures and alliances among franchise, wireless or
private cable television operators, telcos,
broadband service providers and others may result in providers capable of offering bundled television, data and telecommunications services in competition with our services. 

        We
do not currently offer local channel coverage to markets covering approximately five percent of U.S. television households, which places us at a competitive disadvantage in those
markets. We also have been unable to secure certain international programming, due to exclusive arrangements of programming providers with certain competitors, which has constrained our ability to
compete for subscribers who wish to obtain such programming. And as discussed below, certain cable-affiliated programmers have withheld their programming from us in certain markets, which has further
constrained our ability to compete for subscribers in those markets. 

        In
the United States, various telcos and broadband service providers have deployed fiber optic lines directly to customers' homes or neighborhoods to deliver video services, which
compete with the DIRECTV service. It is uncertain whether we will be able to increase our satellite capacity, offer a significant level of new services in existing markets in which we compete or
expand to additional markets as may be necessary to compete effectively. Some of these various telcos and broadband service providers also sell the DIRECTV service as part of a bundle with their voice
and data services. A new broadly-deployed network with the capability of providing video, voice and data services could present a significant competitive challenge and, in the case of the telcos
currently selling the DIRECTV service, could result in such companies focusing less effort and resources selling the DIRECTV service or declining to sell it at all. We may be unable to develop other
distribution methods to make up for lost sales through the telcos. 

        As
a result of these and other factors, we may not be able to continue to expand our subscriber base or compete effectively against cable television or other MVPD operators in the
future. 

 Emerging digital media competition could materially adversely affect us. 

        Our business is focused on television, and we face emerging competition from other providers of digital media, some of which have
greater financial, marketing and other resources than we do. In particular, programming offered over the Internet has become more prevalent as broadband networks have improved their speed and quality
of service. Significant changes in consumer behavior with regard to the means by which they obtain video entertainment and information in response to this emerging digital media competition could
materially adversely affect our revenues and earnings or otherwise disrupt our business. 

 We depend on others to produce programming and programming costs are increasing. 

        We depend on third parties to provide us with almost all of our programming services, including third parties who are our affiliates
and third parties controlled by competitors. As discussed below, a limited number of cable-affiliated programmers have in the past denied us access to their programming. Our ability to compete
successfully will depend on our ability to continue to obtain desirable programming and deliver it to our subscribers at competitive prices. Our programming agreements generally have remaining terms
ranging from less than one to up to ten years and contain various renewal and cancellation provisions. We may not be able to renew these agreements on favorable terms, or at all, or these agreements
may be canceled prior to expiration of their original terms. If we are unable to renew any of these agreements or the other parties cancel the agreements, we may not 

23

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

be
able to obtain substitute programming, or if we are able to obtain such substitute programming, it may not be comparable in quality or cost to our existing programming. 

        In
addition, many of our programming agreements are long term agreements and contain fixed annual price increases. When offering new programming, or upon expiration of existing
contracts, programming suppliers have historically increased the rates they charge us for programming, increasing our costs. We expect this practice to continue. Increases in programming costs could
cause us to increase the rates that we charge our subscribers, which could in turn, especially in a difficult economic environment, cause subscribers to terminate their subscriptions or potential new
subscribers to refrain from subscribing to our service. Furthermore, due to the economy and other factors, we may be unable to pass programming cost increases on to our subscribers, which could have a
material adverse effect on our earnings or cash flow. 

 Increased subscriber churn or subscriber upgrade and retention costs could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 

        Turnover of subscribers in the form of subscriber service cancellations, or churn, has a significant financial impact on the results of
operations of any subscription television provider, including us, as does the cost of upgrading and retaining subscribers. Any increase in our upgrade and retention costs for our existing subscribers
may adversely affect our financial performance or cause us to increase our subscription rates, which could increase churn. Churn may also increase due to factors beyond our control, including churn by
subscribers who are unable to pay their monthly subscription fees, a slowing economy, significant signal theft, consumer fraud, a maturing subscriber base and competitive offers. Any of the risks
described in this Annual Report that could potentially have a material adverse impact on our cost or service quality or that could result in higher prices for
our subscribers could also, in turn, cause an increase in churn and consequently have a material adverse effect on our earnings and financial performance. 

 Our subscriber acquisition costs could materially increase. 

        We incur costs relating to subscribers acquired by us and subscribers acquired through third parties. These costs are known as
subscriber acquisition costs. For instance, we provide installation incentives to our retailers to enable them to offer standard professional installation as part of the subscriber's purchase or lease
of a DIRECTV System. In addition, we pay commissions to retailers for their efforts in offering a DIRECTV System at a lower cost to consumers. Our subscriber acquisition costs may materially increase
to the extent we continue or expand current sales promotion activities or introduce other more aggressive promotions, or due to increased competition. Any material increase in subscriber acquisition
costs from current levels would negatively impact our earnings and could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 

 Results are impacted by the effect of, and changes in, United States and Latin America economic conditions and weakening economic conditions may reduce subscriber spending
and our rate of growth of subscriber additions and may increase subscriber churn. 

        Our business may be affected by factors in the United States and other countries in which we operate that are beyond our control, such
as downturns in economic activity in a specific country or region, or in the MVPD industry. Factors such as interest rates and the health of the housing market may impact our business. A substantial
portion of our revenues comes from residential customers whose spending patterns may be affected by prevailing economic conditions. Our market share in multiple dwelling units such as apartment
buildings is lower than that of many of our competitors. If unemployment and foreclosures of single family residences increase, our earnings and financial 

24

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

performance
could be negatively affected more than those of our competitors. In addition, if our customers seek alternative means to obtain video entertainment, they may choose to purchase fewer
services from us. Due to the economic and competitive environment, we may need to spend more to acquire and retain customers who in turn spend less on our services. If our average monthly revenue per
subscriber, or ARPU, decreases, our margins could become compressed and the long term value of a customer would then decrease. The weak economy may affect our net subscriber additions and reduce
subscriber spending and, if these economic conditions continue or deteriorate further, our subscriber growth could decline and our churn rate could increase which would have a material adverse effect
on our earnings and financial performance. 

 DTVLA is subject to various additional risks associated with doing business internationally, which include political instability, economic instability, and foreign currency
exchange rate volatility. 

        All of DTVLA's operating companies are located outside the continental United States. DTVLA operates and has subscribers located
throughout Latin America and the Caribbean Basin, which makes it vulnerable to risks of conducting business in foreign markets, including: 

•

difficulties and costs associated with complying with a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations; 

•

unexpected changes in political or regulatory environments; 

•

longer payment cycles; 

•

earnings and cash flows that may be subject to tax withholding requirements or the imposition of tariffs, exchange
controls or other restrictions; 

•

difficulties and costs associated with the repatriation of cash from foreign countries to the United States; 

•

political and economic instability; 

•

import and export restrictions and other trade barriers; 

•

difficulties in maintaining overseas subsidiaries and international operations; 

•

difficulties in obtaining approval for significant transactions; 

•

government takeover or nationalization of business; and 

•

government mandated price controls. 

        In
the past, the countries that constitute some of DTVLA's largest markets, including Brazil, Argentina, Colombia and Venezuela have experienced economic crises, caused by external and
internal factors, and characterized by exchange rate instability, high inflation, high domestic interest rates, economic contraction, a reduction or cessation of international capital flows, a
reduction of liquidity in the banking sector and high unemployment. These economic conditions have often been related to political instability, including political violence. If these economic
conditions recur, they could substantially reduce the purchasing power of the population in our markets and materially adversely affect our business. 

        Because
DTVLA offers premium pay television programming, its business is particularly vulnerable to economic downturns. DTVLA has experienced, and may in the future experience, decreases
or instability in consumer demand for its programming, as well as subscriber credit problems. DTVLA's inability to adjust its business and operations to adequately address these issues could
materially adversely affect its revenues and ability to sustain profitable operations. 

25

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

 Our ability to keep pace with technological developments is uncertain. 

        In the video industry, changes occur rapidly as new technologies are developed, which could cause our services and products that
deliver our services to become obsolete. We may not be able to keep pace with technological developments. If the new technologies on which we intend to focus our investments fail to achieve acceptance
in the marketplace or our technology does not work and requires significant cost to replace or fix, we could suffer a material adverse effect on our future competitive position, which could cause a
reduction in our revenues and earnings. For example, our competitors could be the first to obtain proprietary technologies that are perceived by the market as being superior. Further, after incurring
substantial costs, one or more of the technologies under development by us or any of our strategic partners could become obsolete prior to its introduction. 

        In
addition, technological innovation depends, to a significant extent, on the work of technically skilled employees. Competition for the services of these employees has been vigorous.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to attract and retain these employees. 

        To
access technologies and provide products that are necessary for us to remain competitive, particularly in the area of broadband services, we may make future acquisitions and
investments and may enter into strategic partnerships with other companies. Such investments may require a commitment of significant capital and human and other resources. The value of such
acquisitions, investments and partnerships and the technology accessed may be highly speculative. Arrangements with third parties can lead to contractual and other disputes and dependence on the
development and delivery of necessary technology on third parties that we may not be able to control or influence. These relationships may commit us to technologies that are rendered obsolete by other
developments or preclude the pursuit of other technologies which may prove to be superior. 

        New
technologies could also create new competitors for us. Entities such as telcos are supporting digital video delivery over existing telephone lines and building out fiber optic lines
to enhance their capabilities to deliver programming services. Satellite operators such as SES have begun offering turn-key packages of digital programming on a wholesale basis for
distribution by rural telcos. In addition, programming services offered over the Internet have become more prevalent as broadband networks have improved their speed and quality of service. We may not
be able to compete successfully with new entrants in the market for video services. 

 Our business relies on intellectual property, some of which is owned by third parties, and we may inadvertently infringe patents and proprietary rights of others. 

        Many entities, including some of our competitors, have or may in the future obtain patents and other intellectual property rights that
cover or affect products or services
related to those that we currently offer or may offer in the future. In general, if a court determines that one or more of our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services
infringes on intellectual property owned by others, we and the applicable manufacturers or vendors may be required to cease developing or marketing those services and products, to obtain licenses from
the owners of the intellectual property or to redesign those services and products in such a way as to avoid infringing the intellectual property rights. If a third party holds intellectual property
rights, it may not allow us or the applicable manufacturers to use its intellectual property at any price, which could materially adversely affect our competitive position. 

        We
may not be aware of all intellectual property rights that our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services may potentially infringe. In addition, patent
applications in the United States are confidential until the Patent and Trademark Office issues a patent. Therefore, we cannot evaluate the extent to which our services or the products used to
transmit or receive our services may 

26

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

infringe
claims contained in pending patent applications. Further, without lengthy litigation, it is often not possible to determine definitively whether a claim of infringement is valid. 

        We
cannot estimate the extent to which we may be required in the future to obtain intellectual property licenses or the availability and cost of any such licenses. Those costs, and their
impact on our earnings, could be material. Damages in patent infringement cases may also include treble damages in certain circumstances. To the extent that we are required to pay royalties to third
parties to whom we are not currently making payments, these increased costs of doing business could materially adversely affect our operating results. We are currently being sued in patent
infringement actions related to use of technologies in our DTH business. There can be no assurance that the courts will conclude that our services or the products used to transmit or receive our
services do not infringe on the rights of third parties, that we or the manufacturers would be able to obtain licenses from these persons on commercially reasonable terms or, if we were unable to
obtain such licenses, that we or the manufacturers would be able to redesign our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services to avoid infringement. The final disposition of these
claims is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, but could possibly be material to our consolidated results of operations for any one period. Further,
no assurance can be given that any adverse outcome would not be material to our consolidated financial position. 

        See
"Legal Proceedings—Intellectual Property Litigation" in Part I, Item 3 of this Annual Report. 

 John C. Malone has significant influence over actions requiring stockholder approval and his interests may differ from ours. 

        The Chairman of our Board of Directors, John Malone, is also Chairman and Chief Executive of Liberty Media, Chairman of Liberty
Global, Inc., and owns significant voting interests in each of DIRECTV, Liberty Media, Liberty Global, and Discovery Communications, Inc. Mr. Malone, his wife and certain trusts
for the benefit of their children own shares of DIRECTV common stock, which represent approximately 24.3% of the total voting power of the outstanding shares of DIRECTV as of December 31, 2009.
DIRECTV has two classes of common stock, the Class A common stock entitling holders to one vote per share and the Class B common stock entitling holders to 15 votes per share. The shares
of DIRECTV Class B common stock also have certain limited consent rights with respect to certain share distributions and certain amendments to the DIRECTV Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation. By virtue of such rights as well as Mr. Malone's position as DIRECTV's Chairman, Mr. Malone may have significant influence over the outcome of any corporate transaction or
other matters submitted to DIRECTV stockholders for approval, including the election of directors, mergers, consolidations and the sale of all or substantially all of DIRECTV's assets. 

 We rely on key personnel

. 

        We believe that our future success will depend to a significant extent upon the performance of certain of our key executives. The loss
of certain of our key executives could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Construction or launch delays on satellites could materially adversely affect our revenues and earnings. 

        A key component of our business strategy is our ability to expand our offering of new programming and services, including increased
local and HD programming. In order to accomplish this goal, we need to construct and launch new satellites. The construction and launch of satellites are often subject to delays, including satellite
and launch vehicle construction delays, periodic unavailability of 

27

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

reliable
launch opportunities due to competition for launch slots, weather and also due to general delays that result when a launch provider experiences a launch failure, and delays in obtaining
regulatory approvals. A significant delay in the future delivery of any satellite would materially adversely affect the use of the satellite and thus could materially adversely affect our anticipated
revenues and earnings. If satellite construction schedules are not met, there can be no assurance that a
launch opportunity will be available at the time a satellite is ready to be launched. Certain delays in satellite construction could also jeopardize a satellite authorization that is conditioned on
timely construction and launch of the satellite. 

 Our satellites are subject to significant launch and operational risks. 

        Satellites are subject to significant operational risks relating to launch and while in orbit. Launch and operational risks include
launch failure, incorrect orbital placement or improper commercial operation. Launch failures result in significant delays in the deployment of satellites because of the need both to construct
replacement satellites, which can take up to 36 months, and obtain other launch opportunities. We estimate the overall historical loss rate for all launches of commercial satellites in the last
seven years to be approximately 5% but it may be higher. Any significant delays or failures in successfully launching and deploying our satellites could materially adversely affect our ability to
generate revenues. While we have traditionally purchased insurance covering the launch and, in limited cases, operation of our satellites, such policies typically cover the loss of the satellite
itself or a portion thereof, and not the business interruption or other associated direct and indirect costs. For example, we purchased launch insurance covering a portion of our DIRECTV 12 satellite,
which we launched at the end of 2009, and launch vehicle costs in the event of a total loss of the satellite prior to separation from the launch vehicle, but did not purchase in-orbit
insurance for it. 

        In-orbit
risks include malfunctions, commonly referred to as anomalies, and collisions with meteoroids, other spacecraft or other space debris. Anomalies occur as a result of
various factors, such as satellite manufacturing errors, problems with the power systems or control systems of the satellites and general failures resulting from operating satellites in the harsh
space environment. We work closely with our satellite manufacturers to determine and eliminate the potential causes of anomalies in new satellites and provide for redundancies of critical components
in the satellites as well as having backup satellite capacity. However, we cannot assure you that we will not experience anomalies in the future, nor can we assure you that our backup satellite
capacity will be sufficient for our business purposes. Any single anomaly or series of anomalies could materially adversely affect our operations and revenues and our relationships with our
subscribers, as well as our ability to attract new subscribers for our services. Anomalies may also reduce the expected useful life of a satellite, thereby creating additional expenses due to the need
to provide replacement or backup satellites and potentially reducing revenues if service is interrupted. Finally, the occurrence of anomalies may materially adversely affect our ability to insure our
satellites at commercially reasonable premiums, if at all. While some anomalies are currently covered by existing insurance policies, others are not now covered or may not be covered in the future. 

        Our
ability to earn revenue also depends on the usefulness of our satellites. Each satellite has a limited useful life. A number of factors affect the useful life of a satellite,
including, among other things: 

•

the design; 

•

the quality of its construction; 

•

the durability of its component parts; 

28

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

•

the launch vehicle's insertion of the satellite into orbit; 

•

any required movement, temporary or permanent, of the satellite; 

•

the ability to continue to maintain proper orbit and control over the satellite's functions; and 

•

the remaining on-board fuel following orbit insertion. 

        Generally,
the minimum design life of the satellites in our fleet is between 12 and 16 years. The actual useful lives of the satellites may be shorter or longer, in some cases
significantly. Our operating results could be adversely affected if the useful life of any of our satellites were significantly shorter than 12 years from the date of launch. 

        In
the event of a failure or loss of any of our satellites, we may relocate another satellite and use it as a replacement for the failed or lost satellite. In the event of a complete
satellite failure, our services provided via that satellite could be unavailable for several days or longer while backup in-orbit satellites are repositioned and services are moved. We are
not insured for any resultant lost revenues. The use of backup satellite capacity for our programming may require us to discontinue some programming services due to potentially reduced capacity on the
backup satellite. Any relocation of our satellites would require prior FCC approval and, among other things, a demonstration to the FCC that the replacement satellite would not cause additional
interference compared to the failed or lost satellite. Such FCC approval may not be obtained. We believe we have or will have in 2010, in-orbit satellite capacity to expeditiously recover
transmission of most DIRECTV U.S. programming in the event one of our in-orbit satellites fails. However, programming continuity cannot be assured in the event of multiple satellite
losses. DTVLA leases its satellites and may not have a readily available replacement in the event of a failure or loss of any of its satellites. Because we currently have no back-up
capacity in place for DTVLA, programming continuity in the countries in which DTVLA operates cannot be assured in the event of a single satellite loss. 

 The cost of commercial insurance coverage on our satellites or the loss of a satellite that is not insured could materially adversely affect our earnings. 

        We use in-orbit and launch insurance to mitigate the potential financial impact of satellite fleet in-orbit and
launch failures unless the premium costs are considered uneconomic relative to the risk of satellite failure. When insurance is obtained, it generally covers all or a portion of the unamortized book
value of covered satellites. Although the insurance does not compensate for business interruption or loss of future revenues or subscribers, we rely on in-orbit spare satellites and excess
transponder capacity at key orbital slots to mitigate the impact that a satellite failure may have on our ability to provide service. 

        The
price, terms and availability of insurance fluctuate significantly. Launch and in-orbit policies on satellites may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable
terms or at all. In addition to higher premiums, insurance policies may provide for higher deductibles, shorter coverage periods and satellite health-related policy exclusions. 

        Any
launch vehicle failure, or loss or destruction of any of our satellites, even if insured, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations,
our ability to comply with FCC regulatory obligations and our ability to fund the construction or acquisition of replacement satellites in a timely fashion, or at all. 

        At
December 31, 2009, the net book value of in-orbit satellites was $1,984 million, none of which was insured. 

29

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

 We depend on the Communications Act for access to cable-affiliated programming and changes impacting that access could materially adversely affect us. 

        We purchase a substantial percentage of our programming from programmers that are affiliated with cable system operators, including key
RSNs. Currently, under certain provisions of the Communications Act governing access to programming, cable-affiliated programmers generally must sell and deliver their programming services to all
MVPDs on non-discriminatory terms and conditions. The Communications Act and the FCC rules also prohibit certain types of exclusive programming contracts involving programming from cable-
affiliated programmers. 

        Any
change in the Communications Act or the FCC's rules that would permit programmers that are affiliated with cable system operators to refuse to provide such programming or to impose
discriminatory terms or conditions could materially adversely affect our ability to acquire programming on a cost-effective basis, or at all. The Communications Act prohibitions on certain
cable industry exclusive contracting practices with cable-affiliated programmers were extended by the FCC through October 2012, though it is currently considering proposals that could shorten the term
of this extension if a cable operator could show that competition from new entrant MVPDs had reached a sufficient penetration level in the relevant marketing area. 

        In
addition, certain cable providers have denied us and other MVPDs access to a limited number of channels created by programmers with which the cable providers are affiliated. In other
cases, such programmers have denied MVPDs high definition feeds of such programming. The cable providers have asserted that they are not required to provide such programming (or resolution) due to the
manner in which that programming is distributed, which they argue is not covered by the program access provisions of the Communications Act. The FCC recently adopted new rules under which such
programming would also be subject to certain non-exclusivity and non-discrimination requirements. These rules have not yet gone into effect, and likely will be challenged in
court. In addition, they will require a further evidentiary showing by an MVPD seeking access to such programming. If these new rules are successfully challenged in court or we cannot make the
required evidentiary showing, we may continue to be precluded from obtaining such programming, which in turn could materially adversely affect our ability to compete in regions serviced by those cable
providers. Although the FCC also addressed some of these issues in a limited fashion by placing access conditions on certain regional sports networks affiliated with Time Warner Cable, Inc. and
Comcast Corporation, it is not clear that we will be able to assure continued access to this programming on fair and nondiscriminatory terms. 

        DIRECTV
itself is subject to similar restrictions with respect to certain programmers affiliated with us. The FCC imposed a number of conditions on its approval of Liberty Media's
acquisition of News Corporation's interest in DIRECTV in 2007. Among other things, those conditions require DIRECTV to offer national and regional programming services it controls to all MVPDs on
non-exclusive and non-discriminatory terms and conditions, and prohibits DIRECTV from entering into exclusive arrangements with affiliated programmers or unduly influencing
such programmers in their dealings with other MVPDs. The conditions also require DIRECTV to engage in "baseball style" arbitration if elected by an MVPD where the parties cannot agree on terms and
conditions for carriage of RSN programming owned, managed or controlled by DIRECTV. This condition currently applies to the three RSNs DIRECTV acquired from Liberty Media in 2009. 

 Changes to and implementation of statutory copyright license requirements may negatively affect our ability to deliver local and distant broadcast stations, as well as other
aspects of our business. 

        We carry the signals of distant broadcast stations pursuant to statutory copyright licenses contained in the Satellite Home Viewer
Improvement Act (SHVIA) and its successors, including the Satellite 

30

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

Home
Viewer Extension and Reauthorization Act of 2004 (SHVERA). Critical provisions of SHVERA related to distant signals were due to expire at the end of 2009, but Congress has extended that deadline
to February 28, 2010. Expiration of or changes to SHVERA, the FCC's interpretation, implementation and enforcement of provisions of SHVIA and SHVERA, as well as judicial decisions interpreting
and enforcing these laws, could hamper our ability to retransmit distant network and superstation signals, reduce the number of our existing or future subscribers that can qualify for receipt of these
signals, impose costs on us in connection with the process of complying with the rules, or subject us to fines, monetary damages or injunctions. 

        SHVERA,
related laws, and FCC implementing rules also govern our provision of local broadcast signals. While those provisions of SHVERA do not expire on February 28, 2010, they
may be changed by Congress. Such changes could limit our ability to deliver local broadcast signals. More generally, we have limited capacity, and the projected number of markets in which we can
deliver local broadcast programming will continue to be constrained because of SHVERA's "carry-one, carry-all" requirement and may be reduced depending on changes to that
requirement, the FCC's interpretation of its rules in pending and future rulemaking and complaint proceedings, as well as judicial decisions interpreting must carry requirements. We may not be able to
comply with these must carry rules, or compliance may mean that we are not able to use capacity that could otherwise be used for new or additional local or national programming services. In addition,
the FCC has issued an increasing obligation for carriage of local digital broadcast transmissions in HD format. We may be unable to comply with this requirement in markets where we currently carry
such signals
without ceasing HD local service entirely in some markets, and would be precluded from launching additional markets currently planned. 

        In
addition, the FCC has adopted rules requiring us to negotiate in good faith with broadcast stations seeking carriage outside of the mandatory carriage regime described elsewhere. The
rules for "retransmission consent" negotiations, which are similar to those that have applied to broadcast stations for years, require us to comply with certain indicia of good faith negotiation, as
well as to demonstrate good faith under a "totality of the circumstances" test. Failure to comply with these rules could subject us to administrative sanctions and other penalties. 

 Satellite programming signals have been stolen and may be stolen in the future, which could result in lost revenues and would cause us to incur incremental operating costs
that do not result in subscriber acquisition. 

        The delivery of subscription programming requires the use of conditional access technology to limit access to programming to only those
who subscribe and are authorized to view it. The conditional access system uses, among other things, encryption technology to protect the transmitted signal from unauthorized access. It is illegal to
create, sell or otherwise distribute software or devices to circumvent that conditional access technology. However, theft of cable and satellite programming has been widely reported, and the access
cards used in our conditional access system have been compromised in the past and could be compromised in the future. 

        We
have undertaken various initiatives with respect to our conditional access system to further enhance the security of the DIRECTV signal. To help combat signal theft, we provide our
subscribers with more advanced access cards that we believe significantly enhance the security of our signal. Currently, we believe these access cards have not been compromised. However, we cannot
guarantee that those advanced access cards will prevent the theft of our satellite programming signals in the future. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in developing the
technology we need to effectively restrict or eliminate signal theft. If our current access cards are compromised, our revenue and our ability to contract for video and audio services provided by
programmers could be 

31

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

materially
adversely affected. In addition, our operating costs could increase if we attempt to implement additional measures to combat signal theft. 

 The ability to maintain FCC licenses and other regulatory approvals is critical to our business. 

        If we do not obtain all requisite U.S. regulatory approvals for the construction, launch and operation of any of our existing or future
satellites for the use of frequencies at the orbital locations planned for these satellites or for the provision of service, or the licenses obtained impose operational restrictions on us, our ability
to generate revenue and profits could be materially adversely affected. In addition, under certain circumstances, existing licenses are subject to revocation or modification and upon expiration,
renewal may not be granted. If existing licenses are not renewed, or are revoked or materially modified, our ability to generate revenue could be materially adversely affected. 

        In
certain cases, satellite system operators are obligated by governmental regulation and procedures of the ITU to coordinate the operation of their systems with other users of the radio
spectrum in order to avoid causing interference to those other users. Coordination may require a satellite system operator to reduce power, avoid operating on certain frequencies, relocate its
satellite to another orbital location and/or otherwise modify planned or existing operations. For example, the FCC has conditionally granted Spectrum Five authority to provide DBS service using
frequencies assigned to it by the Government of the Netherlands from an orbital slot located halfway between slots at which we currently operate. Other operators have filed similar requests. We
believe this closer proximity, if ultimately implemented, would significantly increase the risk of interference which could adversely affect the quality of service provided to our subscribers. We may
not be able to successfully coordinate our satellites to the extent we are required to do so, and any modifications we make in the course of coordination, or any inability to successfully coordinate,
may materially adversely affect our ability to generate revenue. In addition, the FCC is currently conducting a rulemaking proceeding to consider, among other things, the adoption of operating
parameters under which such "tweener" systems would be automatically deemed coordinated. 

        Other
regulatory risks include, among others: 

•

the relocation of satellites to different orbital locations if the FCC determines that relocation is in the public
interest; 

•

the denial by the FCC of an application to replace an existing satellite with a new satellite, or to operate a satellite
beyond the term of its current authorization, or to operate an earth station to communicate with such satellite; 

•

the loss of authorizations to operate satellites on certain frequencies at certain locations if we do not construct,
launch and operate satellites for those locations by certain dates; and 

•

the authorization by the United States or foreign governments of the use of frequencies by third party satellite or
terrestrial facilities that have the potential to interfere with communication to or from our satellites, which could interfere with our contractual obligations or services to subscribers or other
business operations. 

        All
of our FCC satellite authorizations are subject to conditions imposed by the FCC in addition to the FCC's general authority to modify, cancel or revoke those authorizations. Use of
FCC licenses and other authorizations are often subject to conditions, including technical requirements and implementation deadlines. Failure to comply with such requirements, or comply in a timely
manner, could lead to the loss of authorizations and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue. For example, loss of an authorization could potentially reduce the amount
of programming and other services available to our subscribers. The materiality of such a loss of 

32

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

authorization
would vary based upon, among other things, the orbital location at which the frequencies may be used. 

        In
addition, in connection with its approval of Liberty Media's acquisition of News Corporation's interest in DIRECTV in 2007, the FCC required the parties to the transaction to sever
all attributable links between DTVPR and Liberty Cablevision Puerto Rico, Ltd. (a subsidiary of Liberty Global, Inc. in which John Malone holds an interest). After attempts to sell DTVPR
were unsuccessful, DIRECTV placed its entire interest in DTVPR into a trust, and it is currently operated by an independent trustee pending divestiture. DIRECTV believes that this trust effectively
renders its interest in DTVPR non-attributable, consistent with past FCC precedent, and thus satisfies the FCC condition. However, the FCC has not ruled on the efficacy of the trust, and
may take a different view. If so, we may have to find an alternative method for severing the attributable links between the two companies, which could adversely effect our financial performance. 

        Moreover,
some of our authorizations and future applications may be subject to petitions and oppositions, and there can be no assurance that our authorizations will not be canceled,
revoked or modified or that our applications will not be denied. Moreover, the FCC has adopted new rules for licensing satellites that may limit our ability to file applications and secure licenses in
the future. 

        Congress
has continued to shape the scope of the FCC's regulatory authority and enact legislation that affects our business. In addition, FCC proceedings to implement legislation and
enact additional
regulations are ongoing. The outcomes of these legislative or regulatory proceedings or their effect on our business cannot be predicted. 

 We control a substantial portion of interaction with our customers and we may not be as efficient or effective as our outsourced providers resulting in higher costs. 

        We have a number of insourced call centers and installation service providers to handle customer service calls, installations and
repairs. We may not be as efficient or effective as our outsourced providers resulting in higher costs. Also, there is a risk that our customer satisfaction could be impacted, which may lead to higher
subscriber churn and an inability to attract new subscribers. In addition, our outsourced providers could encounter financial difficulties, which may disrupt our ability to make installation service
calls or to provide a level of customer service we expect, and which also may lead to higher subscriber churn and an inability to attract new subscribers. 

 We have significant debt. 

        We have debt totaling $8.0 billion as of December 31, 2009. If we do not have sufficient income or other sources of cash,
it could affect our ability to service debt and pay other obligations. 

        As
a result of completing the merger transactions, we assumed, on a consolidated basis, approximately $1.9 billion of indebtedness to Bank of America and also assumed rights and
obligations connected with the related equity collars. We requested that Bank of America settle the equity collars prior to their expiration, pursuant to agreed upon market practices. In February
2010, we completed the settlement of the equity collars and repaid the indebtedness. 

 We face risks arising from possible union legislation in the United States. 

        There is a possibility that the proposed Employee Free Choice Act, or EFCA, may be enacted. The EFCA, also referred to as the "card
check" bill, if passed in its current form could significantly change the nature of labor relations in the United States, specifically, how union elections and contract negotiations are conducted.
With respect to our owned and operated home service provider installation 

33

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

business,
it would be easier for unions to win elections and we could face arbitrator-imposed labor scheduling, costs and standards. Therefore, the EFCA could impose more labor relations requirements
and union activity on our business, thereby potentially increasing our costs, and could have a material adverse effect on our overall competitive position. Currently, neither we nor most of our
outsourced home service provider installation vendors have any unions. 

 We may not be able to obtain or retain certain foreign regulatory approvals. 

        There can be no assurance that any current regulatory approvals held by us are, or will remain, sufficient in the view of foreign
regulatory authorities, or that any additional necessary approvals will be granted on a timely basis or at all, in all jurisdictions in which we operate, or that applicable restrictions in those
jurisdictions will not be unduly burdensome. The failure to obtain the authorizations necessary to operate satellites or provide satellite service internationally could have a material adverse effect
on our ability to generate revenue and our overall competitive position. 

 We may have a significant indemnity obligation to Liberty Media, which is not limited in amount or subject to any cap, if parts of the merger transactions are treated as a
taxable transaction. 

        Despite obtaining a private letter ruling from the IRS and an opinion of legal counsel to the effect that parts of the merger
transactions with Liberty Media qualified as a tax-free distribution for U.S. federal income tax purposes, the continuing validity of such ruling and opinion is subject to the accuracy of
factual representations and certain assumptions. Any inaccuracy in such representations could invalidate the ruling or failure to comply with any undertakings made in connection with such tax opinion,
could alter the conclusions reached in such opinion. Even if parts of the merger transactions otherwise qualify for tax-free treatment, it would result in a significant U.S. federal income
tax liability to Liberty Media if one or
more persons acquire a 50% or greater interest in the DIRECTV common stock as part of a plan or series of related transactions that includes the merger transactions within a certain time frame. The
process for determining whether an acquisition is part of a plan under these rules is complex, inherently factual and subject to interpretation of the facts and circumstances of a particular case.
Liberty Media or DIRECTV might inadvertently cause or permit a prohibited change in the ownership of DIRECTV to occur, thereby triggering a tax liability to Liberty Media. 

        In
addition, Liberty Media entered into a tax matters agreement with News Corporation in connection with the News/Liberty transaction in 2008, pursuant to which Liberty Media agreed,
among other things, to indemnify News Corporation and certain related persons for taxes resulting from actions taken by Liberty Media or its affiliates that cause the News/Liberty transaction (or
related restructuring transactions) not to qualify as tax-free transactions. Liberty Media's indemnification obligations to News Corporation and certain related persons are not limited in
amount or subject to any cap. 

        Under
a Tax Sharing Agreement between Liberty Media and us, we are obligated to indemnify Liberty Media and certain related persons for any losses and taxes resulting from the failure of
the merger transactions to be tax-free transactions in certain circumstances and from any losses resulting from Liberty Media's indemnity obligations to News Corporation under the tax
matters agreement between News Corporation and Liberty. If we are required to indemnify Liberty Media or certain related persons under the circumstances set forth in the Tax Sharing Agreement, we may
be subject to substantial liabilities not limited in amount or subject to any cap, which could materially adversely affect our financial position and short term operating results. 

34

Table of Contents

DIRECTV 

 We may determine to forgo certain transactions in order to avoid the risk of incurring significant tax-related liabilities. 

        We might determine to forgo certain transactions that might have otherwise been advantageous in order to preserve the
tax-free treatment of the Liberty Transaction or the News/Liberty transaction. In particular, we might determine to continue to operate certain of our business operations for the
foreseeable future even if a liquidation or sale of such business might have otherwise been advantageous. Moreover, we might determine to forgo certain transactions, including stock issuances, asset
dispositions or other strategic transactions for some period of time following the mergers so as not to run afoul of the 50-percent limitation. In addition, our potential indemnity
obligation under the Tax Sharing Agreement might discourage, delay or prevent a change of control transaction for some period of time following the Liberty Transaction. 

 The excess share provision in our charter has the effect of placing limitations on the shares held by certain stockholders, which may make it difficult for a third party to
acquire our company. 

        The excess share provision of our charter is designed to prevent transfers of our stock that could cause potentially adverse tax
effects relating to the Liberty Transaction. Accordingly, if during the first year after the Liberty Transaction closed there is a purported transfer or non-transfer event that meets
certain requirements, including causing a person to become, actually or constructively, the owner of 10% or more of any class of our capital stock, then that acquisition will be null and void to the
intended holder, such shares of our common stock will be transferred to a trust for the exclusive benefit of a charitable beneficiary, and the purported transferee will have no rights in such shares,
except to receive the lesser of (i)(A) the amount the transferee paid for such shares or (B) in the case of a non-transfer event or a purported transfer in which value was not given
for the shares, the fair market value of the stock on the date of such event or transfer and (ii) the net proceeds of the sale described in the next sentence. The trust is required to sell the
DIRECTV excess shares to a permitted transferee who will not trigger the application of the excess share provision. We also have the right to redeem DIRECTV excess shares held by the trust. These
provisions may make it difficult for a third party to make an offer to acquire our company. 

 The success of our regional sports networks, or RSNs, depends on audience acceptance of their programs and programming services which is difficult to predict. 

        Entertainment content production is an inherently risky business because the revenue derived from the production and distribution of a
cable program depends primarily upon its acceptance by the public, which is difficult to predict. The commercial success of a cable program depends on the quality and acceptance of other competing
programs released into the marketplace at or near the same time, the availability of alternative forms of entertainment and leisure time activities, general economic conditions and other tangible and
intangible factors, many of which are difficult to predict. Audience sizes for cable programming are important factors when cable and DTH satellite video providers negotiate affiliation agreements
with cable programmers and, in the case of cable programming, when advertising rates are negotiated. Consequently, low public acceptance of our RSNs' cable programs could hurt the ability of our RSNs
to maintain rates charged to affiliates, subscribers and advertisers. The success of our RSNs is dependent upon our ability to obtain and retain broadcast rights from professional sports teams,
college sports conferences and other sources of sports programming. There is no assurance that we will be able to obtain or retain such rights on terms that are economically reasonable or at all, and
our failure do to so could materially adversely affect the financial position and operating results of our RSNs. 

35

Table of Contents 

DIRECTV 

 We face risks arising from the outcome of various legal proceedings. 

        We are involved in various legal proceedings, including those arising in the ordinary course of business and those described under the
caption "Legal Proceedings" in Item 3. Such matters include investigations and legal actions by state attorneys general where regulators may seek monetary damages and may also seek to require
or prohibit certain actions by the Company with regard to its current or potential customers. While we do not believe that any of these proceedings alone or in the aggregate will have a material
effect on our consolidated financial position, an adverse outcome in one or more of these matters or the imposition of conditions by regulators on the conduct of our business could be material to our
consolidated results of operations and cash flows for any one period. Further, no assurance can be given that any adverse outcome would not be material to our consolidated financial position. 

 We may face other risks described from time to time in periodic reports filed by us with the SEC. 

        We urge you to consider the above risk factors carefully in evaluating forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. The
forward-looking statements included in this Annual Report are made only as of the date of this Annual Report and we undertake no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements to
reflect subsequent events or circumstances.