You should carefully consider the following risk factors, as well as the more detailed descriptions of our business elsewhere in this Annual Report. The risks
described below are not the only ones facing our company. Additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also adversely affect our business, financial condition or
results of operations. 

        Our
business, financial condition or results of operations could be materially and adversely affected by the following: 

Construction or launch delays on satellites could materially adversely affect our revenues and earnings. 

        A key component of our business strategy is our ability to expand our offering of new programming and services, including increased local and HD programming. In
order to accomplish this goal, we need to construct and launch new satellites. The construction and launch of satellites are often subject to delays, including satellite and launch vehicle
construction delays, periodic unavailability of reliable launch opportunities due to competition for launch slots, weather and also due to general delays that result when a launch provider experiences
a launch failure, and delays in obtaining regulatory approvals. A significant delay in the future delivery of any satellite would materially adversely affect the use of the satellite and thus could
materially adversely affect our anticipated revenues and earnings. If satellite construction schedules are not met, there can be no assurance that a launch opportunity will be available at the time a
satellite is ready to be launched. Certain delays in satellite construction could also jeopardize a satellite authorization that is conditioned on timely construction and launch of the satellite. 

Our satellites are subject to significant launch and operational risks. 

        Satellites are subject to significant operational risks relating to launch and while in orbit. Launch and operational risks include launch failure, incorrect
orbital placement or improper commercial operation. Launch failures result in significant delays in the deployment of satellites because of the need both to construct replacement satellites, which can
take up to 36 months, and obtain other launch opportunities. We estimate the overall historical loss rate for all launches of commercial satellites in the last five years to be approximately 5%
but it may be higher. Any significant delays or failures in successfully launching and deploying our satellites could materially adversely affect our ability to generate revenues. While we have
traditionally purchased insurance covering the launch and, in limited cases, operation of our satellites, such policies typically cover the loss of the satellite itself or a portion thereof, and not
the business interruption or other associated direct and indirect costs. For our DIRECTV 11 satellite, scheduled for launch in the first quarter of 2008, we expect to purchase launch insurance
covering a portion of the satellite and launch vehicle costs in the event of a total loss of the satellite prior to separation from the launch vehicle. We do not currently expect to purchase
in-orbit insurance for the DIRECTV 11 satellite. 

        In-orbit
risks include malfunctions, commonly referred to as anomalies, and collisions with meteoroids, other spacecraft or other space debris. Anomalies occur as a result of
various factors, such as satellite manufacturing errors, problems with the power systems or control systems of the satellites and general failures resulting from operating satellites in the harsh
space environment. We work closely with our satellite manufacturers to determine and eliminate the potential causes of anomalies in new 

21

THE DIRECTV GROUP, INC. 

satellites
and provide for redundancies of critical components in the satellites as well as having backup satellite capacity. However, we cannot assure you that we will not experience anomalies in the
future, nor can we assure you that our backup satellite capacity will be sufficient for our business purposes. Any single anomaly or series of anomalies could materially adversely affect our
operations and revenues and our relationships with our subscribers, as well as our ability to attract new subscribers for our services. Anomalies may also reduce the expected useful life of a
satellite, thereby creating additional expenses due to the need to provide replacement or backup satellites and potentially reducing revenues if service is interrupted. Finally, the occurrence of
anomalies may materially adversely affect our ability to insure our satellites at commercially reasonable premiums, if at all. While some anomalies are currently covered by existing insurance
policies, others are not now covered or may not be covered in the future. 

        Our
ability to earn revenue also depends on the usefulness of our satellites. Each satellite has a limited useful life. A number of factors affect the useful life of a satellite,
including, among other things: 

•

the
design;

•

the
quality of its construction;

•

the
durability of its component parts;

•

the
launch vehicle's insertion of the satellite into orbit;

•

any
required movement, temporary or permanent, of the satellite;

•

the
ability to continue to maintain proper orbit and control over the satellite's functions; and

•

the
remaining on-board fuel following orbit insertion. 

        Generally,
the minimum design life of the satellites in our fleet is between 12 and 16 years. The actual useful lives of the satellites may be shorter or longer, in some cases
significantly. Our operating results could be adversely affected if the useful life of any of our satellites were significantly shorter than 12 years from the date of launch. 

        In
the event of a failure or loss of any of our satellites, we may relocate another satellite and use it as a replacement for the failed or lost satellite. In the event of a complete
satellite failure, our services provided via that satellite could be unavailable for several days or longer while backup in-orbit satellites are repositioned and services are moved. We are
not insured for any resultant lost revenues. The use of backup satellite capacity for our programming may require us to discontinue some programming services due to potentially reduced capacity on the
backup satellite. Any relocation of our satellites would require prior FCC approval and, among other things, a demonstration to the FCC that the replacement satellite would not cause additional
interference compared to the failed or lost satellite. Such FCC approval may not be obtained. We believe we have or will have in 2008, in-orbit satellite capacity to expeditiously recover
transmission of most DIRECTV U.S. programming in the event one of our in-orbit satellites fails. However, programming continuity cannot be assured in the event of multiple satellite
losses. DTVLA leases its satellites and may not have a readily available replacement in the event of a failure or loss of any of its satellites. Programming continuity in the countries in which DTVLA
operates cannot be assured in the event of a single satellite loss. 

22

THE DIRECTV GROUP, INC. 

The cost of commercial insurance coverage on our satellites or the loss of a satellite that is not insured could materially adversely affect our earnings. 

        We use in-orbit and launch insurance to mitigate the potential financial impact of satellite fleet in-orbit and launch failures unless the
premium costs are considered uneconomic relative to the risk of satellite failure. When insurance is obtained, it generally covers all or a portion of the unamortized book value of covered satellites.
Although the insurance does not compensate for business interruption or loss of future revenues or subscribers, we rely on
in-orbit spare satellites and excess transponder capacity at key orbital slots to mitigate the impact that a satellite failure may have on our ability to provide service. 

        The
price, terms and availability of insurance fluctuate significantly. Launch and in-orbit policies on satellites may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable
terms or at all. In addition to higher premiums, insurance policies may provide for higher deductibles, shorter coverage periods and satellite health-related policy exclusions. 

        Any
launch vehicle failure, or loss or destruction of any of our satellites, even if insured, could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations,
our ability to comply with FCC regulatory obligations and our ability to fund the construction or acquisition of replacement satellites in a timely fashion, or at all. 

We compete with other MVPDs, some of whom have greater resources than we do and levels of competition are increasing. 

        We compete in the MVPD industry against cable television, RBOCs, wireless companies and other land-based and satellite-based system operators with
service offerings including video, audio and interactive programming, data and other entertainment services and telephony service. Some of these competitors have greater financial, marketing and other
resources than we do. 

        Some
cable television operators have large, established customer bases and many cable operators have significant investments in, and access to, programming. According to the National
Cable & Telecommunications Association's 2007 Industry Overview, 100% of the 112 million U.S. television households are passed by cable. Of the 112 million U.S. television
households, approximately 97 million subscribe to a MVPD service and approximately 66% of MVPD subscribers receive their programming from a cable operator. Cable television operators have
advantages relative to us, including or as a result of: 

•

being
the incumbent MVPD operator with an established subscriber base in the territories in which we compete;

•

bundling
their analog video service with expanded digital video services delivered terrestrially or via satellite, or with efficient two-way
high-speed Internet access or telephone service on upgraded cable systems; and

•

having
the ability to provide certain local and other programming, including HD programming, in a larger number of geographic areas. 

        In
addition, cable television operators have grown their subscriber bases through mergers and acquisitions. Moreover, mergers, joint ventures and alliances among franchise, wireless or
private cable television operators, RBOCs, and others may result in providers capable of offering bundled television, data and telecommunications services in competition with our services. 

        We
do not currently offer local channel coverage to markets covering approximately six percent of U.S. television households, which places us at a competitive disadvantage in those
markets. We also 

23

THE DIRECTV GROUP, INC. 

have
been unable to secure certain international programming, due to exclusive arrangements of programming providers with certain competitors, which has constrained our ability to compete for
subscribers who wish to obtain such programming. 

        In
the United States various RBOCs have deployed fiber optic lines directly to customers' homes or neighborhoods to deliver video services, which compete with the DIRECTV service. It is
uncertain whether we will be able to increase our satellite capacity, offer a significant level of new services in existing markets in which we compete or expand to additional markets as may be
necessary to compete effectively. Some of these RBOCs also sell the DIRECTV service as a bundle with their voice and data services. The existence of a new broadly-deployed network with the capability
of providing video, voice and data services could present a significant competitive challenge. Should their deployment of fiber optic lines for video grow substantially, we may be unable to develop
other distribution methods to make up for lost sales through the RBOCs. 

        In
2006, AT&T acquired BellSouth, one of the RBOCs that sells the DIRECTV service. AT&T has a similar arrangement with EchoStar. In December 2007, AT&T advised DIRECTV that AT&T was
terminating the exclusivity arrangement with DIRECTV which had been part of the distribution agreement with BellSouth. AT&T is therefore free to sell and promote the services of any other
non-affiliated DBS provider in those territories covered by the agreement with BellSouth. Although the underlying distribution agreement continues in effect, the action of AT&T could
result in a reduction in the acquisition of subscribers through this distribution outlet. 

        As
a result of these and other factors, we may not be able to continue to expand our subscriber base or compete effectively against cable television or other MVPD operators in the
future. 

Emerging digital media competition could materially adversely affect us. 

        Our business is focused on television, and we face emerging competition from other providers of digital media, some of which have greater financial, marketing and
other resources than we do. Significant changes in consumer behavior with regard to the means by which they obtain video entertainment and information in response to this emerging digital media
competition, could materially adversely affect our revenues and earnings or otherwise disrupt our business. 

We depend on the Communications Act for access to cable-affiliated programming and changes impacting that access could materially adversely affect us. 

        We purchase a substantial percentage of our programming from programmers that are affiliated with cable system operators. Currently, under certain provisions of
the Communications Act governing access to programming, cable-affiliated programmers generally must sell and deliver their programming services to all MVPDs on non-discriminatory terms and
conditions. The Communications Act and the FCC rules also prohibit certain types of exclusive programming contracts involving programming from cable-affiliated programmers. 

        Any
change in the Communications Act or the FCC's rules that would permit programmers that are affiliated with cable system operators to refuse to provide such programming or to impose
discriminatory terms or conditions could materially adversely affect our ability to acquire programming on a cost-effective basis, or at all. The Communications Act prohibitions on certain
cable industry exclusive contracting practices with cable-affiliated programmers were recently extended for another five years, through October 2012, though it is currently considering proposals that
could shorten the term of this extension to two years if a cable operator could show that competition from new entrant MVPDs at that time had reached a sufficient penetration level in the relevant
marketing area. 

24

THE DIRECTV GROUP, INC. 

        In addition, certain cable providers have denied us and other MVPDs access to a limited number of channels created by programmers with which the cable providers
are affiliated. The cable providers have asserted that they are not required to provide such programming due to the manner in which that programming is distributed, which they argue is not covered by
the program access provisions of the Communications Act. Challenges to this interpretation of the Communications Act have not been successful, and we may continue to be precluded from obtaining such
programming, which in turn could materially adversely affect our ability to compete in regions serviced by those cable providers. Although the FCC recently addressed some of these issues in a limited
fashion by placing access conditions on certain regional sports networks affiliated with Time Warner Cable, Inc. and Comcast Corporation, it is not clear that such provisions will be sufficient
to assure our continued access to this programming on fair and nondiscriminatory terms. 

Carriage requirements may negatively affect our ability to deliver local broadcast stations, as well as other aspects of our business. 

        The FCC's interpretation, implementation and enforcement of provisions of SHVIA and SHVERA, as well as judicial decisions interpreting and enforcing these laws,
could hamper our ability to retransmit distant network and superstation signals, reduce the number of our existing or future subscribers that can qualify for receipt of these signals, impose costs on
us in connection with the process of complying with the rules, or subject us to fines, monetary damages or injunctions. In implementing SHVIA, the FCC has required satellite carriers to delete certain
programming, including sports programming, from the signals of certain distant stations. Compliance with those FCC requirements may require costly upgrades to our broadcast system. Further, a recent
FCC order interpreting the requirement that satellite carriers retransmit local digital signals with "equivalent bandwidth" of significantly viewed digital signals may constrain our ability to deliver
such significantly viewed digital signals. 

        We
have limited capacity, and the projected number of markets in which we can deliver local broadcast programming will continue to be constrained because of the must carry requirement
and may be reduced depending on the FCC's interpretation of its rules in pending and future rulemaking and complaint proceedings, as well as judicial decisions interpreting must carry requirements. We
may not be able to comply with these must carry rules, or compliance may mean that we are not able to use capacity that could otherwise be used for new or additional local or national programming
services. In addition, the FCC has begun to consider an obligation for carriage of local digital broadcast transmissions after the digital television transition currently scheduled for
February 17, 2009. If the FCC were to require us to carry all local signals in HD format wherever we carry any local signals in HD format as of that date, we would be unable to comply in many
markets where we currently carry such signals without ceasing HD local service entirely in such markets, and would be precluded from launching additional markets currently planned for later this year. 

We depend on others to produce programming and programming costs are increasing. 

        We depend on third parties to provide us with programming services, including third parties who are our affiliates and third parties controlled by competitors.
Our ability to compete successfully will depend on our ability to continue to obtain desirable programming and deliver it to our subscribers at competitive prices. Our programming agreements generally
have remaining terms ranging from less than one to up to ten years and contain various renewal and cancellation provisions. We may not be able to renew these agreements on favorable terms, or at all,
or these agreements may be cancelled prior to expiration of their original terms. If we are unable to renew any of these agreements or the other parties cancel the agreements, we may not be able to
obtain substitute programming, or if we are 

25

THE DIRECTV GROUP, INC. 

able
to obtain such substitute programming, it may not be comparable in quality or cost to our existing programming. 

        In
addition, many of our programming agreements contain annual price increases. When offering new programming, or upon expiration of existing contracts, programming suppliers have
historically increased the rates they charge us for programming, increasing our costs. We expect this practice to continue. Increases in programming costs could cause us to increase the rates that we
charge our subscribers, which could in turn cause subscribers to terminate their subscriptions or potential new subscribers to refrain from subscribing to our service. Furthermore, we may be unable to
pass programming cost increases on to our subscribers, which could have a material adverse effect on our earnings or cash flow. 

        The
FCC has adopted rules requiring us to negotiate in good faith with broadcast stations seeking carriage outside of the mandatory carriage regime described elsewhere. The rules for
"retransmission consent" negotiations, which are similar to those that have applied to broadcast stations for years, require us to comply with certain indicia of good faith negotiation, as well as to
demonstrate good faith
under a "totality of the circumstances" test. Failure to comply with these rules could subject us to administrative sanctions and other penalties. 

Our subscriber acquisition costs could materially increase. 

        We incur costs relating to subscribers acquired by us and subscribers acquired through third parties. These costs are known as subscriber acquisition costs. For
instance, we provide installation incentives to our retailers to enable them to offer standard professional installation as part of the subscriber's purchase or lease of a DIRECTV System. In addition,
we pay commissions to retailers for their efforts in offering a DIRECTV System at a lower cost to consumers. Our subscriber acquisition costs may materially increase to the extent we continue or
expand current sales promotion activities or introduce other more aggressive promotions, or due to increased competition. Any material increase in subscriber acquisition costs from current levels
would negatively impact our earnings and could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 

Increased subscriber churn or subscriber upgrade and retention costs could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 

        Turnover of subscribers in the form of subscriber service cancellations, or churn, has a significant financial impact on the results of operations of any
subscription television provider, including us, as does the cost of upgrading and retaining subscribers. Any increase in our upgrade and retention costs for our existing subscribers may adversely
affect our financial performance or cause us to increase our subscription rates, which could increase churn. Churn may also increase due to factors beyond our control, including churn by subscribers
who are unable to pay their monthly subscription fees, a slowing economy, significant signal theft, consumer fraud, a maturing subscriber base and competitive offers. Any of the risks described in
this Annual Report that could potentially have a material adverse impact on our cost or service quality or that could result in higher prices for our subscribers could also, in turn, cause an increase
in churn and consequently have a material adverse effect on our earnings and financial performance. 

Our ability to keep pace with technological developments is uncertain. 

        In the MVPD industry, changes occur rapidly as new technologies are developed, which could cause our services and products that deliver our services to become
obsolete. We may not be able to keep pace with technological developments. If the new technologies on which we intend to focus our 

26

THE DIRECTV GROUP, INC. 

investments
fail to achieve acceptance in the marketplace or our technology does not work and requires significant cost to replace or fix, we could suffer a material adverse effect on our future
competitive position, which could cause a reduction in our revenues and earnings. For example, our competitors could be the first to obtain proprietary technologies that are perceived by the market as
being superior. Further, after incurring substantial costs, one or more of the technologies under development by us or any of our strategic partners could become obsolete prior to its introduction. 

        In
addition, technological innovation depends, to a significant extent, on the work of technically skilled employees. Competition for the services of these employees is vigorous. We
cannot assure you that we will be able to continue to attract and retain these employees. 

        To
access technologies and provide products that are necessary for us to remain competitive, particularly in the area of broadband services, we may make future acquisitions and
investments and may enter into strategic partnerships with other companies. Such investments may require a commitment of significant capital and human and other resources. The value of such
acquisitions, investments and partnerships and the technology accessed may be highly speculative. Arrangements with third parties can lead to contractual and other disputes and dependence on the
development and delivery of necessary technology on third parties that we may not be able to control or influence. These relationships may commit us to technologies that are rendered obsolete by other
developments or preclude the pursuit of other technologies which may prove to be superior. 

        New
technologies could also create new competitors for us. Entities such as RBOCs are implementing and supporting digital video compression over existing telephone lines and building out
fiber optic lines to enhance their capabilities to deliver programming services. Satellite operators such as SES have begun offering turn-key packages of digital programming on a wholesale
basis for distribution by rural telephone companies. While these entities are not currently providing MVPD services on a significant basis, many have the capabilities for such services and some have
begun rolling out video services. We may not be able to compete successfully with new entrants in the market for video services. 

Satellite programming signals have been stolen and may be stolen in the future, which could result in lost revenues and would cause us to incur incremental operating costs that
do not result in subscriber acquisition. 

        The delivery of subscription programming requires the use of conditional access technology to limit access to programming to only those who subscribe and are
authorized to view it. The conditional access system uses, among other things, encryption technology to protect the transmitted signal from unauthorized access. It is illegal to create, sell or
otherwise distribute software or devices to circumvent that conditional access technology. However, theft of cable and satellite programming has been widely reported, and the access or "smart" cards
used in our conditional access system have been compromised in the past and could be compromised in the future. 

        We
have undertaken various initiatives with respect to our conditional access system to further enhance the security of the DIRECTV signal. To help combat signal theft, we provide our
subscribers with more advanced access cards that we believe significantly enhance the security of our signal. Currently, we believe these access cards have not been compromised. However, we cannot
guarantee that new cards will prevent the theft of our satellite programming signals in the future. Furthermore, there can be no assurance that we will succeed in developing the technology we need to
effectively restrict or eliminate signal theft. If our current access cards are compromised, our revenue and our ability to contract for video and audio services provided by programmers could be
materially adversely 

27

THE DIRECTV GROUP, INC. 

affected.
In addition, our operating costs could increase if we attempt to implement additional measures to combat signal theft. 

Our business relies on intellectual property, some of which is owned by third parties, and we may inadvertently infringe patents and proprietary rights of others. 

        Many entities, including some of our competitors, have or may in the future obtain patents and other intellectual property rights that cover or affect products or
services related to those that we currently offer or may offer in the future. In general, if a court determines that one or more of our services or the products used to transmit or receive our
services infringes on intellectual property owned by others, we and the applicable manufacturers or vendors may be required to cease developing or marketing those services and products, to obtain
licenses from the owners of the intellectual property or to redesign those services and products in such a way as to avoid infringing the intellectual property rights. If a third party holds
intellectual property rights, it may not allow us or the applicable manufacturers to use its intellectual property at any price, which could materially adversely affect our competitive position. 

        We
may not be aware of all intellectual property rights that our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services may potentially infringe. In addition, patent
applications in the United States are confidential until the Patent and Trademark Office issues a patent. Therefore, we cannot evaluate the extent to which our services or the products used to
transmit or receive our services may infringe claims contained in pending patent applications. Further, without lengthy litigation, it is often not possible to determine definitively whether a claim
of infringement is valid. 

        We
cannot estimate the extent to which we may be required in the future to obtain intellectual property licenses or the availability and cost of any such licenses. Those costs, and their
impact on our earnings, could be material. Damages in patent infringement cases may also include treble damages in certain circumstances. To the extent that we are required to pay royalties to third
parties to whom we are not currently making payments, these increased costs of doing business could materially adversely affect our operating results. We are currently being sued in patent
infringement actions related to use of technologies in our DTH business. There can be no assurance that the courts will conclude that our services or the products used to transmit or receive our
services do not infringe on the rights of third parties, that we or the manufacturers would be able to obtain licenses from these persons on commercially reasonable terms or, if we were unable to
obtain such licenses, that we or the manufacturers would be able to redesign our services or the products used to transmit or receive our services to avoid infringement. The final disposition of these
claims is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, but could possibly be material to our consolidated results of operations for any one period. Further,
no assurance can be given that any adverse outcome would not be material to our consolidated financial position. 

        See
"Legal Proceedings-Intellectual Property Litigation" in Part I, Item 3 of this Annual Report. 

The ability to maintain FCC licenses and other regulatory approvals is critical to our business. 

        If we do not obtain all requisite U.S. regulatory approvals for the construction, launch and operation of any of our existing or future satellites for the use of
frequencies at the orbital locations planned for these satellites or for the provision of service, or the licenses obtained impose operational restrictions on us, our ability to generate revenue and
profits could be materially adversely affected. In addition, under certain circumstances, existing licenses are subject to revocation or modification and upon expiration, renewal may not be granted.
If existing licenses are not renewed, or are revoked or materially modified, our ability to generate revenue could be materially adversely affected. 

28

THE DIRECTV GROUP, INC. 

        In
certain cases, satellite system operators are obligated by governmental regulation and procedures of the ITU to coordinate the operation of their systems with other users of the radio
spectrum in order to
avoid causing interference to those other users. Coordination may require a satellite system operator to reduce power, avoid operating on certain frequencies, relocate its satellite to another orbital
location and/or otherwise modify planned or existing operations. For example, the FCC has conditionally granted Spectrum Five authority to provide DBS service using frequencies assigned to it by the
Government of the Netherlands from an orbital slot located halfway between slots at which we currently operate. Other operators have filed similar requests. We believe this closer proximity, if
permitted, significantly increases the risk of interference which could adversely affect the quality of service provided to our subscribers. We may not be able to successfully coordinate our
satellites to the extent we are required to do so, and any modifications we make in the course of coordination, or any inability to successfully coordinate, may materially adversely affect our ability
to generate revenue. In addition, the FCC is currently conducting a rulemaking proceeding to consider, among other things, the adoption of operating parameters under which such "tweener" systems would
be automatically deemed coordinated. 

        Other
regulatory risks include, among others: 

•

the
relocation of satellites to different orbital locations if the FCC determines that relocation is in the public interest;

•

the
denial by the FCC of an application to replace an existing satellite with a new satellite or to operate a satellite beyond the term of its current authorization;

•

the
loss of authorizations to operate satellites on certain frequencies at certain locations if we do not construct, launch and operate satellites into those locations by
certain dates; and

•

the
authorization by the United States or foreign governments of the use of frequencies by third party satellite or terrestrial facilities that have the potential to
interfere with communication to or from our satellites, which could interfere with our contractual obligations or services to subscribers or other business operations. 

        All
of our FCC satellite authorizations are subject to conditions imposed by the FCC in addition to the FCC's general authority to modify, cancel or revoke those authorizations. Use of
FCC licenses and conditional authorizations are often subject to conditions, including technical requirements and implementation deadlines. Failure to comply with such requirements, or comply in a
timely manner, could lead to the loss of authorizations and could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue. For example, loss of an authorization could potentially reduce the
amount of programming and other services available to our subscribers. The materiality of such a loss of
authorization would vary based upon, among other things, the orbital location at which the frequencies may be used. 

        In
addition, many of our authorizations and pending applications will be subject to petitions and oppositions filed by several companies, and there can be no assurance that our
authorizations will not be cancelled, revoked or modified or that our applications will not be denied. Moreover, the FCC recently adopted new rules for licensing satellites that may limit our ability
to file applications and secure licenses in the future. 

        Congress
has continued to shape the scope of the FCC's regulatory authority and enact legislation that affects our business. In addition, FCC proceedings to implement legislation and
enact additional regulations are ongoing. The outcomes of these legislative or regulatory proceedings or their effect on our business cannot be predicted. 

29

THE DIRECTV GROUP, INC. 

DTVLA is subject to various additional risks associated with doing business internationally, which include political instability, economic instability, and foreign currency
exchange rate volatility. 

        All of DTVLA's operating companies are located outside the continental United States. DTVLA operates and has subscribers located throughout Latin America and the
Caribbean Basin, which makes it vulnerable to risks of conducting business in foreign markets, including: 

•

difficulties
and costs associated with complying with a wide variety of complex laws, treaties and regulations;

•

unexpected
changes in regulatory environments;

•

longer
payment cycles;

•

earnings
and cash flows that may be subject to tax withholding requirements or the imposition of tariffs, exchange controls or other restrictions;

•

political
and economic instability;

•

import
and export restrictions and other trade barriers;

•

difficulties
in maintaining overseas subsidiaries and international operations; and

•

difficulties
in obtaining approval for significant transactions. 

        In
the past, the countries that constitute some of DTVLA's largest markets, including Brazil, Argentina, Colombia and Venezuela have experienced economic crises, caused by external and
internal factors, and characterized by exchange rate instability, high inflation, high domestic interest rates, economic contraction, a reduction of international capital flows, a reduction of
liquidity in the banking sector and high unemployment. These economic conditions have often been related to political instability, including political violence. If these economic conditions recur,
they could substantially reduce the purchasing power of the population in our markets and materially adversely affect our business. 

        Because
DTVLA offers premium pay television programming, its business is particularly vulnerable to economic downturns. DTVLA has experienced, and may in the future experience, decreases
or instability in consumer demand for its programming, as well as subscriber credit problems. DTVLA's inability to adjust its business and operations to adequately address these issues could
materially adversely affect its revenues and ability to sustain profitable operations. 

We may not be able to obtain or retain certain foreign regulatory approvals. 

        There can be no assurance that any current regulatory approvals held by us are, or will remain, sufficient in the view of foreign regulatory authorities, or that
any additional necessary approvals will be granted on a timely basis or at all, in all jurisdictions in which we operate, or that applicable restrictions in those jurisdictions will not be unduly
burdensome. The failure to obtain the
authorizations necessary to operate satellites or provide satellite service internationally could have a material adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue and our overall competitive
position. 

Our principal stockholder has significant influence over our management and over actions requiring stockholder approval and its interests may differ from ours. 

        As of December 31, 2007, News Corporation held approximately 41% of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock. K. Rupert Murdoch, Chairman and
Chief Executive of News Corporation, is the Chairman of our Board of Directors, and Chase Carey, who was formerly a director 

30

THE DIRECTV GROUP, INC. 

of
and employed by News Corporation, is our President and Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors. Additionally, two other current News Corporation executives are members of our
Board of Directors. As a result, News Corporation has significant influence relating to our management and actions that require stockholder approval. The interests of News Corporation may differ from
the interests of other holders of our common stock. The extent of New Corporation's stock ownership in us also may have the effect of discouraging offers to acquire control of us and may preclude
holders of our common stock from receiving any premium above market price for their shares that may be offered in connection with any attempt to acquire control of us. 

        On
December 22, 2006, News Corporation agreed to exchange its stake in us with Liberty in exchange for shares of News Corporation held by Liberty. The transaction, subject to
various conditions, is currently expected to be completed in the first quarter of 2008. Under the transaction agreement, News Corporation has agreed that at closing, its three director designees will
resign as directors. It is expected that Liberty will seek election of its director designees. As a result, if the transaction is completed and Liberty's director designees are elected, Liberty is
expected to have significant influence relating to our management and actions that require stockholder approval. The interests of Liberty may differ from the interests of other holders of our common
stock. The extent of Liberty's stock ownership in us also may have the effect of discouraging offers to acquire control of us and may preclude holders of our common stock from receiving any premium
above market price for their shares that may be offered in connection with any attempt to acquire control of us. 

        News
Corporation has agreed to certain "standstill" provisions relating to us during the pendency of the transaction with Liberty, which may have the effect of limiting significant
transactions with third parties which would require stockholder approval. Further, in the unlikely event that the transaction between News Corporation and Liberty is not completed, our stock price may
be adversely affected due to uncertainty regarding future actions of News Corporation with respect to its ownership interest in us. 

We have significant debt. 

        We have sustained significant losses in the past and have significant amounts of debt. If we do not have sufficient income or other sources of cash, it could
affect our ability to service debt and pay other obligations. 

Results are impacted by the effect of, and changes in, United States and worldwide economic conditions. 

        Our business may be affected by factors in the United States and other countries in which we operate that are beyond our control, such as downturns in economic
activity in a specific country or region, or in the MVPD industry. Factors such as interest rates and the health of the housing market may impact our business. A significant market downturn could have
a material adverse effect on our earnings and financial performance. 

We may face other risks described from time to time in periodic reports filed by us with the SEC. 

        We urge you to consider the above risk factors carefully in evaluating forward-looking statements contained in this Annual Report. The forward-looking statements
included in this Annual Report are made only as of the date of this Annual Report and we undertake no obligation to publicly update these forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or
circumstances.