" under the heading 
"
Changes in federal and state legislation or regulations..." 

Medicare Advantage revenue

Medicare Advantage (MA, managed Medicare or Medicare Part C) plans are offered by private health insurers who contract with CMS to provide their members with Medicare Part A, Part B and/or Part D benefits. These MA plans include health maintenance organizations, preferred provider organizations, private fee-for-service (FFS) organizations, special needs plans (SNPs) or Medicare medical savings account plans. Since January 1, 2021, under the 21st Century Cures Act (the Cures Act) Medicare-eligible beneficiaries with ESRD can choose coverage under an MA plan. MA plans usually provide reimbursement to us at a negotiated rate that is generally higher than Medicare FFS rates. CMS releases an annual MA notice that includes, among other things, a MA payment rate for MA plans and updates certain policies associated with risk adjustments. We continue to monitor MA notices, regulatory updates and guidance, as well as enforcement for impact on our business. 

Medicaid revenue

Medicaid programs are state-administered programs partially funded by the federal government. These programs are intended to provide health coverage for patients whose income and assets fall below state-defined levels and who are otherwise uninsured. These programs also serve as supplemental insurance programs for co-insurance payments due from Medicaid-eligible patients with primary coverage under the Medicare program. Some Medicaid programs also pay for additional services, 

7

including some oral medications that are not covered by Medicare. We are enrolled in the Medicaid programs in the states in which we conduct our business.

Commercial revenue

As discussed above, if a patient has commercial insurance, then that commercial insurance plan is generally responsible for payment of dialysis services for up to the first 33 months before that patient becomes eligible to elect to have Medicare as their primary payor for dialysis services. Although commercial payment rates vary, average commercial payment rates negotiated with commercial payors are generally significantly higher than Medicare rates. The payments we receive from commercial payors generate nearly all of our profits and all of our non-hospital dialysis profits come from commercial payors. Payment methods from commercial payors can include a single per treatment rate, referred to as bundled rates, or in other cases separate payments for dialysis treatments and pharmaceuticals, if used as part of the treatment, referred to as FFS rates. Commercial payment rates are the result of negotiations between us and commercial payors or third party administrators. Our commercial contracts sometimes contain annual price escalator provisions. We are comprehensively contracted, and the vast majority of patients insured through commercial health plans are covered by one of our commercial contracts, though we also receive payments for a limited set of commercial patients that are covered by a health plan that considers us out-of-network. While our out-of-network payment rates are on average higher than in-network commercial contract payment rates, we have made efforts to be contracted with the majority of commercial payors offering health plans.

Approximately 27% of our U.S. dialysis patient service revenues and approximately 11% of our U.S. dialysis patients are associated with non-hospital commercial payors for the year ended December 31, 2024. Non-hospital commercial patients as a percentage of our total U.S. dialysis patients for 2024 increased slightly compared to 2023. Less than 1% of our U.S. dialysis revenues are due directly from patients. No single commercial payor accounted for more than 10% of total U.S. dialysis revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report for disclosure on our concentration related to our commercial payors on a total consolidated revenue basis.

Both the number of our patients under commercial plans and the rates under these commercial plans are subject to change based on a number of factors. For additional detail on these factors and other risks associated with our commercial revenue, see the risk factors in Part I Item 1A. "
Risk Factors
" under the headings "
Our business is subject to a complex set of governmental laws, regulations and other requirements...;" "
Changes in federal and state legislation or regulations...;" "If the number or percentage of patients with higher-paying commercial insurance declines...;
" 
and

"External conditions, including those related to general economic, marketplace and global health conditions..."

Physician relationships

Joint venture partners

We own and operate certain of our dialysis centers through entities that are structured as joint ventures. We generally hold controlling interests in these joint ventures, with nephrologists, hospitals, management services organizations, and/or other healthcare providers holding minority equity interests. These joint ventures are typically formed as limited liability companies. For the year ended December 31, 2024, revenues from joint ventures in which we have a controlling interest represented approximately 30% of our U.S. dialysis revenues. We expect to continue to enter into new U.S. dialysis-related joint ventures in the ordinary course of business.

Community physicians

An ESKD patient generally seeks treatment or support for their home treatment at an outpatient dialysis center near their home where their treating nephrologist has practice privileges. Our relationships with local nephrologists and our ability to provide quality dialysis services and to meet the needs of their patients are key factors in the success of our dialysis operations. Nearly 5,300 nephrologists currently refer patients to our outpatient dialysis centers.    

Medical directors

Participation in the Medicare ESRD program requires that dialysis services at an outpatient dialysis center be under the general supervision of a medical director. Per these requirements, this individual is usually a board certified nephrologist. We engage physicians or groups of physicians to serve as medical directors for each of our outpatient dialysis centers. At some outpatient dialysis centers, we also separately contract with one or more other physicians or groups to serve as assistant or associate medical directors over other modalities such as home dialysis. We have over 900 individual physicians and physician groups under contract to provide medical director services.

Medical directors for our dialysis centers enter into written contracts with us that specify their duties and fix their compensation. These agreements range in duration, but generally are for periods of ten years. The compensation of our medical 

8

directors is the result of arm’s length negotiations, consistent with fair market value, and generally depends upon an analysis of various factors such as the physician’s duties, responsibilities, professional qualifications and experience, as well as the time and effort required to provide such services.

Our medical director contracts and joint venture operating agreements generally include covenants not to compete or own interests in dialysis centers operated by other providers within a defined geographic area for various time periods, as applicable. These non-compete agreements do not restrict or limit the physicians from practicing medicine or prohibit the physicians from referring patients to any outpatient dialysis center, including dialysis centers operated by other providers. 

Location of our U.S. dialysis centers

We operated 2,657 outpatient dialysis centers in the U.S. as of December 31, 2024 and 2,605 of these centers are consolidated in our financial statements. Of the remaining 52 nonconsolidated U.S. outpatient dialysis centers, we own noncontrolling interests in 49 centers and provide management and administrative services to three centers that are wholly-owned by third parties. The locations of the 2,605 U.S. outpatient dialysis centers consolidated in our financial statements at December 31, 2024, were as follows:

Ancillary services, including our international operations

 Our ancillary services relate primarily to our core business of providing kidney care services. As of December 31, 2024, these consisted primarily of our U.S. integrated kidney care (IKC) business, certain U.S. other ancillary businesses (including our clinical research programs, transplant software business, and venture investment group), and our international operations.

We have made and continue to make investments in building our integrated care capabilities, including the operation of certain strategic business initiatives that are intended to integrate and coordinate care among healthcare participants across the renal care continuum from CKD to ESKD to kidney transplant. Through improved technology and data sharing, as well as an increasing focus on value-based contracting and care, these initiatives seek to bring together physicians, nurses, dieticians, pharmacists, hospitals, dialysis clinics, transplant centers, payors and other specialists with a view towards improving clinical outcomes for our patients and reducing the overall cost of comprehensive kidney care. Certain of our ancillary services are described below.

9

U.S. Integrated Kidney Care

•
Integrated Kidney Care.
 DaVita Integrated Kidney Care (DaVita IKC), provides advanced integrated care management services to health plans and government programs for members/beneficiaries diagnosed with ESKD and CKD. Through a combination of health monitoring, clinical coordination, innovative interventions, predictive analytics, medical claims analysis and information technology, we endeavor to assist our health plan and government program customers and patients in obtaining superior renal healthcare and improved clinical outcomes, as well as helping to reduce overall medical costs. Integrated kidney care management revenues from commercial and Medicare Advantage insurers can be based upon either an established contract fee recognized as earned for services provided over the contract period, or related to the operation of risk-based and value-based care programs, including shared savings, pay-for-performance, and capitation contracts. DaVita IKC also contracts with payors to support MA ESKD chronic condition special needs plans (C-SNPs) to provide ESKD patients full service healthcare and integrated care management services. DaVita IKC currently participates in both the involuntary and certain voluntary payment models administered by CMMI. As described below under the heading "
—Government regulation
—
CMMI Payment Models
", we have invested resources, and expect to continue to invest substantial resources in these models as part of our overall plan to grow our integrated kidney care business and value-based care initiatives. See Note 1, 
Other revenues, 
in the Company's consolidated financial statements for more information on how the Company accounts for its integrated care arrangements.

The Company is also developing, and has entered into, various forms of technology-based, administrative, financial and other collaboration and incentive arrangements with physician partners and other providers in support of our innovative care model, developing and expanding IKC programs and arrangements.

U.S. Other Ancillary services

•
Clinical research programs.
 DaVita Clinical Research (DCR) is a provider-based specialty clinical research organization with a wide spectrum of services for clinical drug research and device development. DCR uses its extensive real-world healthcare expertise to assist in the design, recruitment and completion of retrospective and prospective studies. Revenues are based upon study generated fees, as determined by contract with drug companies and other sponsors, and are recognized as earned according to the contract terms.

•
Transplant software business.
 DaVita's transplant software business, MedSleuth, works with transplant centers across the U.S. to provide greater connectivity among transplant candidates, transplant centers, physicians and care teams to help improve the experience and outcomes for kidney and liver transplant patients. 

•
Venture group. 
DaVita Venture Group (DVG) focuses on innovative products, solutions and businesses that improve care for patients with kidney disease and related conditions. DVG identifies companies and products for acquisitions, strategic partnerships, and venture investment opportunities. DVG’s focus includes innovation in digital health, pharmaceuticals, medical devices, and care delivery models. 

For additional discussion of our ancillary services, see Part II Item 7, "
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
" 

International dialysis operations

We operated, managed or administered 509 outpatient dialysis centers located in 13 countries outside of the U.S. serving approximately 80,300 patients as of December 31, 2024. Our international dialysis operations have continued to grow steadily and expand as a result of acquiring and developing outpatient dialysis centers in various strategic markets. Our international operations are included in our ancillary services. 

10

As of December 31, 2024, the international outpatient dialysis centers we operate or provide administrative services to were located as follows: 

Brazil

100 

Colombia

72 

Chile

63 

Poland

63 

Germany

49 

Malaysia

44 

United Kingdom

27 

Saudi Arabia

26 

Ecuador

22 

China

12 

Japan

12 

Portugal

12 

Singapore

7 

509 

For additional discussion of our international business, see Part II Item 7, "
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.
"

Corporate administrative support

Corporate administrative support consists primarily of labor, benefits and long-term incentive compensation costs, as well as professional fees for departments which provide support to more than one of our different operating lines of business. These expenses are included in our consolidated general and administrative expenses.

Government regulation

We operate in a complex regulatory environment with an extensive and evolving set of federal, state, local and international governmental laws, regulations and other requirements. These laws, regulations and other requirements are promulgated and overseen by a number of different legislative, regulatory, administrative and quasi-regulatory bodies, each of which may have varying interpretations, judgments or related guidance. As such, we utilize considerable resources on an ongoing basis to monitor, assess and respond to applicable legislative, regulatory and administrative requirements, but there is no guarantee that we will be successful in our efforts to adhere to all of these requirements. 

If any of our personnel, representatives, third party vendors or operations are alleged to have violated these or other laws, regulations or requirements, we could experience material harm to our reputation and stock price, and it could impact our relationships and/or contracts related to our business, among other things. If any of our personnel, representatives, third party vendors or operations are found to violate these or other laws, regulations or requirements, we could suffer additional severe consequences that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additional discussion on certain of these laws, regulations and other requirements is set forth below in this section.

Our business is and we expect that our industry will continue to be subject to extensive and complex federal, state, local and international laws, regulations and other requirements, the scope and effect of which are difficult to predict. We are also currently subject to various legal proceedings, such as lawsuits, investigations, audits and inquiries by various government and regulatory agencies, as described in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements, and our operations and activities could be reviewed or challenged by regulatory authorities at any time in the future. In addition, each of the laws, regulations and other requirements, including interpretations thereof, that govern our business may continue to change over time, and there is no assurance that we will be able to accurately predict the nature, timing or extent of such changes or the impact of such changes on the markets in which we conduct business or on the other participants that operate in those markets. For additional detail on risks related to each of the foregoing, as well as the consequences of any violation of applicable laws, regulations or other requirements, see the discussion in Part I Item 1A. "
Risk Factors
" under the headings, "
Our business is subject to a complex set of governmental laws, regulations and other requirements...;" 
and
 "We are, and may in the future be, a party to various lawsuits, demands, claims, qui tam suits, governmental investigations and audits and other legal matters..."

Licensure and Certification

Our dialysis centers are certified by CMS, as required for the receipt of Medicare payments. Certain of our payor contracts also condition payment on Medicare certification. In some states, our outpatient dialysis centers also are required to 

11

secure additional state licenses and permits. Governmental authorities, primarily state departments of health, periodically inspect our centers to determine if we satisfy applicable federal and state standards and requirements, including the conditions for coverage in the Medicare ESRD program.

We have experienced some delays in obtaining Medicare certifications from CMS, though changes by CMS in the prioritizing of dialysis providers as well as legislation allowing private entities to perform initial dialysis facility surveys for certification has helped to decrease or limit certain delays.

In addition, pursuant to the Provider Enrollment Rule, CMS has authority to revoke provider enrollment and to impose a Medicare reapplication bar where a prospective provider's Medicare enrollment application is denied because the provider submitted incomplete, false, or misleading information for providers who are terminated from the Medicare program. CMS may also deny enrollment to providers who have affiliations with other providers that CMS has determined pose undue risk of fraud, waste or abuse. If we fail to comply with these and other applicable requirements on our licensure and certification programs, particularly in light of increased penalties that include a 10-year bar to Medicare re-enrollment, under certain circumstances it could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and reputation. 

In addition to certification by CMS, our dialysis centers are also certified by each state Medicaid program, are licensed in those states that require licensing for dialysis clinics, and are required to obtain licenses, permits and certificates, including for such areas as biomedical waste. Failure to obtain the correct certifications, permits and certificates as well as a failure to adhere to the requirements thereunder, may result in penalties, fines, and the loss of the right to operate, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and reputation.

Federal Anti-Kickback Statute

The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for, or the purchase, or order or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under federal and state healthcare programs such as Medicare and Medicaid.

Federal criminal penalties for the violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute include imprisonment, fines and exclusion of the provider from future participation in the federal healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. Violations of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute are punishable by imprisonment for up to ten years and statutory fines of up to $100,000 or both. Larger criminal fines can be imposed under the provisions of the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and the Alternate Fines Statute. Individuals and entities convicted of violating the federal Anti-Kickback Statute are subject to mandatory exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs for a minimum of five years. Civil penalties for violation of this law include statutory amounts of up to $100,000 (adjusted for inflation) in monetary penalties per violation, assessments of up to three times the total payments between the parties to the arrangement, and permissive exclusion from participation in the federal healthcare programs or suspension from future participation in Medicare and Medicaid. The Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and the Health Care Reconciliation Act of 2010, as amended (collectively, the ACA), amended the federal Anti-Kickback Statute to clarify that the defendant may not need to have actual knowledge of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or have the specific intent to violate it and to provide that any claims for items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute are considered false or fraudulent for purposes of the False Claims Act (FCA) and can result in treble damages and other penalties under the FCA.

The federal Anti-Kickback Statute includes statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors that protect certain arrangements. Business transactions and arrangements that are structured fully within an applicable safe harbor do not violate the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. When an arrangement is not structured fully within a safe harbor, the arrangement must be evaluated on a case-by-case basis in light of the parties’ intent and the arrangement’s potential for abuse, and may be subject to greater scrutiny by enforcement agencies. 

In the ordinary course of our business operations, DaVita and its ancillary businesses and subsidiaries enter into numerous arrangements with physicians and other potential referral sources, that potentially implicate the Anti-Kickback Statute. Examples of such arrangements include, among other things, medical director agreements, joint ventures, leases and subleases with entities in which physicians, hospitals or medical groups hold ownership interests, consulting agreements, hospital services agreements, discharge planning services agreements, acute dialysis services agreements, value-based care arrangements, employment and coverage agreements, and incentive performance arrangements. In addition, some referring physicians may own DaVita Inc. common stock. Furthermore, our dialysis centers and subsidiaries sometimes enter into certain rebate, pricing, or other contracts to acquire certain discounted items and services that may be reimbursed by a federal healthcare program.

12

Agreements and other arrangements can still be appropriate under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute even if they fail to meet all parameters of a relevant safe harbor provision; and we endeavor to structure our arrangements within applicable safe harbors, although some arrangements are not structured fully within a safe harbor. 

If any of our current or previous business transactions or arrangements, including but not limited to those described above, were found to violate the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, we, among other things, could face criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other state and federal healthcare programs. 

Stark Law

The Stark Law is a strict liability civil law that prohibits a physician who has a financial relationship, or who has an immediate family member who has a financial relationship, with entities providing Designated Health Services (DHS), from referring Medicare and Medicaid patients to such entities for the furnishing of DHS, unless an exception applies. The types of financial arrangements between a physician and a DHS entity that trigger the self-referral prohibitions of the Stark Law are broad and include direct and indirect ownership and investment interests and compensation arrangements. The Stark Law also prohibits the DHS entity receiving a prohibited referral from presenting, or causing to be presented, a claim or billing for the services arising out of the prohibited referral. If the Stark Law is implicated, the financial relationship must fully satisfy a Stark Law exception. If an exception to the Stark Law is not satisfied, then the parties to the arrangement could be subject to sanctions. Sanctions for violation of the Stark Law include denial of payment for claims for services provided in violation of the prohibition, refunds of amounts collected in violation of the prohibition, a civil penalty of up to $15,000 (adjusted for inflation) for each service arising out of the prohibited referral, a statutory civil penalty of up to $100,000 (adjusted for inflation) against parties that enter into a scheme to circumvent the Stark Law prohibition, civil assessment of up to three times the amount claimed, and potential exclusion from the federal healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. Furthermore, Stark Law violations and failure to return overpayments timely can form the basis for FCA liability as discussed below. 

The definition of DHS under the Stark Law excludes services paid under a composite rate, even if some of the components bundled in the composite rate are DHS. Although the ESRD bundled payment system is no longer titled a composite rate, we believe that the former composite rate payment system and the current bundled system are both composite systems excluded from the Stark Law. Since most services furnished to Medicare beneficiaries provided in our dialysis centers are reimbursed through a bundled rate, we believe that the services performed in our facilities generally are not DHS. Certain separately billable drugs (drugs furnished to an ESRD patient that are not for the treatment of ESRD that CMS allows our centers to bill for using the so-called AY modifier) may be considered DHS. However, we have implemented certain billing controls designed to limit DHS being billed out of our dialysis clinics. Likewise, the definition of inpatient hospital services, for purposes of the Stark Law, also excludes inpatient dialysis performed in hospitals that are not certified to provide ESRD services. Consequently, we believe that our arrangements with such hospitals for the provision of dialysis services to hospital inpatients should not trigger the Stark Law referral prohibition.

In addition, although prescription drugs are DHS, there is an exception in the Stark Law for calcimimetics, ESAs and other specifically enumerated dialysis drugs when furnished in or by an ESRD facility such that the arrangement for the furnishing of the drugs does not violate the Stark Law. 

In the ordinary course of business operations, DaVita and its ancillary businesses and subsidiaries have many different types of financial arrangements with referring physicians that potentially implicate the Stark Law, including, but not limited to, medical director agreements, joint ventures, leases and subleases with entities in which physicians, hospitals or medical groups hold ownership interests, consulting agreements, hospital services agreements, discharge planning services agreements, acute dialysis services agreements, value-based care arrangements, employment agreements and incentive performance arrangements. In addition, some referring physicians may own our common stock in reliance on the Stark Law exception for investment interests in large publicly traded companies. 

If our interpretation of the applicability of the Stark Law to our operations is incorrect, the controls we have implemented fail, an arrangement is entered into outside of our processes, or we were to fail to satisfy an applicable exception to the Stark Law, we could be found to be in violation of the Stark Law and required to change our practices, face civil penalties, pay substantial fines, return certain payments received from Medicare and beneficiaries or otherwise experience a material adverse effect.

In addition, it might be necessary to restructure existing compensation agreements with our medical directors and to repurchase or to request the sale of ownership interests in subsidiaries and partnerships held by referring physicians or, alternatively, to refuse to accept referrals for DHS from these physicians, or take other actions to modify our operations. Any finding by CMS or other regulatory or enforcement authorities that we have violated the Stark Law or related penalties and 

13

restructuring or other required actions could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, stock price and reputation.

False Claims Act

The federal FCA is a means of policing false claims, false bills or false requests for payment in the healthcare delivery system. In part, the FCA authorizes the imposition of up to three times the government’s damages and civil penalties, plus up to approximately $28,000 per claim, on any person who, among other acts:

•
Knowingly presents or causes to be presented to the federal government, a false or fraudulent claim for payment or approval;

•
Knowingly makes, uses or causes to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim;

•
Knowingly makes, uses, or causes to be made or used, a false record or statement material to an obligation to pay the government, or knowingly conceals or knowingly and improperly, avoids or decreases an obligation to pay or transmit money or property to the federal government; or

•
Conspires to commit the above acts.

In addition, the FCA imposes severe penalties for the knowing and improper retention of overpayments collected from government payors. Under these provisions, a provider is required to refund overpayments within 60 days of obtaining knowledge of the overpayment. A provider is deemed to have knowledge of the overpayment if it has actual knowledge, or if it acts with reckless disregard or deliberate ignorance of the overpayment. An overpayment impermissibly retained could subject us to liability under the FCA, exclusion from government healthcare programs, and penalties under the federal Civil Monetary Penalty statute. As a result of these provisions, our procedures for identifying and processing overpayments may be subject to greater scrutiny.

The federal government has used the FCA to prosecute a wide variety of alleged false claims and fraud allegedly perpetrated against Medicare and state healthcare programs, including coding errors, billing for services not rendered, the submission of false cost reports, billing for services at a higher payment rate than appropriate, billing under a comprehensive code as well as under one or more component codes included in the comprehensive code and billing for care that is not considered medically necessary. The ACA provides that claims tainted by a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute are false for purposes of the FCA. Some courts have held that filing claims or failing to refund amounts collected in violation of the Stark Law can form the basis for liability under the FCA. In addition to the provisions of the FCA, which provide for civil enforcement, the federal government can use several criminal statutes to prosecute persons who are alleged to have submitted false or fraudulent claims for payment to the federal government. 

Fraud and abuse under state law

State fraud and abuse laws related to anti-kickback, physician self-referral, beneficiary inducement and false claims often mirror those requirements of the applicable federal laws, or, in some instances contain additional or different requirements. If we were found to violate these state laws and regulations, we, among other things, could face criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including loss of licensure or possible exclusion from Medicaid and other state and federal healthcare programs. 

In addition to these fraud waste and abuse laws, some states in which we operate dialysis centers have laws prohibiting physicians from holding financial interests in various types of medical facilities to which they refer patients. Some of these laws could potentially be interpreted broadly as prohibiting physicians who hold shares of our publicly traded stock or are physician owners from referring patients to our dialysis centers if the centers use our laboratory subsidiary to perform laboratory services for their patients or do not otherwise satisfy an exception to the law. States also have laws similar to or stricter than the federal Anti-Kickback Statute that may affect our ability to receive referrals from physicians with whom we have financial relationships, such as our medical directors and value-based care partners, or with other referral sources, including hospitals. Some state anti-kickback laws also include civil and criminal penalties. Some of these laws include exemptions that may be applicable to our medical directors, value-based care partners and other physician and referral source relationships or for financial interests limited to shares of publicly traded stock. Some, however, may include no explicit exemption for certain types of agreements and/or relationships entered into with referral sources such as physicians and hospitals. If these laws are interpreted to apply to referring sources with whom we contract for items or services, including medical directors, value-based care partners, and hospitals, to referring physicians or hospitals with whom we hold joint ownership interests, or to referring entities or individuals who hold interests in DaVita Inc. limited solely to our publicly traded stock, and for which no applicable exception exists, we may be required to terminate or restructure our relationships with or refuse referrals from these referring 

14

entities or individuals and could be subject to criminal, civil and administrative sanctions, refund requirements and exclusions from participation in government healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. 

Corporate Practice of Medicine and Fee-Splitting

There are states in which we operate that have laws that prohibit business entities not owned by health care providers, such as our Company and our subsidiaries, from practicing medicine, employing physicians and other licensed health care providers providing certain clinical services or exercising control over medical or clinical decisions by physicians and potentially other types of licensed health care providers (known collectively as the corporate practice of medicine). These states may also prohibit entities from engaging in certain financial arrangements, such as fee-splitting, with physicians and potentially other types of licensed health care providers. Violations of the corporate practice of medicine, fee-splitting and related laws vary by state and may result in physicians and potentially other types of licensed health care providers being subject to disciplinary action, as well as to forfeiture of revenues from payors for services rendered. Violations may also bring both civil and, in more extreme cases, criminal liability for engaging in medical practice without a license and violating the corporate practice of medicine, fee-splitting and related laws. Some of the relevant laws, regulations, and agency interpretations in states with corporate practice of medicine restrictions have been subject to limited judicial and regulatory interpretation. 

Civil Monetary Penalties Statute

The Civil Monetary Penalties Statute, 42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7a, authorizes the imposition of civil money penalties, assessments, and exclusion against an individual or entity based on a variety of prohibited conduct, including, but not limited to:

•
Presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment to Medicare, Medicaid, or other third-party payors that the individual or entity knows or should know are for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent; 

•
Offering remuneration to a federal healthcare program beneficiary that the individual or entity knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary to order or receive healthcare items or services from a particular provider;

•
Arranging contracts with an entity or individual excluded from participation in the federal healthcare programs;

•
Violating the federal Anti-Kickback Statute;

•
Making, using, or causing to be made or used, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim for payment for items and services furnished under a federal healthcare program;

•
Making, using, or causing to be made any false statement, omission, or misrepresentation of a material fact in any application, bid, or contract to participate or enroll as a provider of services or a supplier under a federal healthcare program; and

•
Failing to report and return an overpayment owed to the federal government.

Substantial civil monetary penalties may be imposed under the federal Civil Monetary Penalty Statute and vary, depending on the underlying violation. In addition, an assessment of not more than three times the total amount claimed for each item or service may also apply, and a violator may be subject to exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs.

Foreign Corrupt Practices Act

We are subject to the provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) in the United States and similar laws in other countries, which generally prohibit companies and those acting on their behalf from making improper payments to foreign government officials and others for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. A violation of the FCPA or other similar laws by us and/or our agents or representatives could result in, among other things, the imposition of fines and penalties, changes to our business practices, the termination of or other adverse impacts under our debt arrangements and contracts or debarment from bidding on contracts, and/or harm to our reputation.

Privacy and Security

The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 and its implementing privacy and security regulations, as amended by the federal Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH Act) (collectively referred to as HIPAA), require us to provide certain protections to patients and their health information. The HIPAA privacy and security regulations extensively regulate the use and disclosure of PHI and require covered entities, which include 

15

healthcare providers, to implement and maintain administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect the security of such information. Additional security requirements apply to electronic PHI. These regulations also provide patients with substantive rights with respect to their health information.

The HIPAA privacy and security regulations also require us to enter into written agreements with certain contractors, known as business associates, to whom we disclose PHI. Covered entities may be subject to penalties for, among other activities, failing to enter into a business associate agreement where required by law or as a result of a business associate violating HIPAA if the business associate is found to be an agent of the covered entity and acting within the scope of the agency. Business associates are also directly subject to liability under the HIPAA privacy and security regulations. In instances where we act as a business associate to a covered entity, there is the potential for additional liability beyond our status as a covered entity.

Covered entities must report breaches of unsecured PHI to affected individuals without unreasonable delay but not to exceed 60 days of discovery of the breach by a covered entity or its agents. Notification must also be made to the HHS and, for breaches of unsecured PHI involving more than 500 residents of a state or jurisdiction, to the media. All non-permitted uses or disclosures of unsecured PHI are presumed to be breaches unless the covered entity or business associate establishes that there is a low probability the information has been compromised. Various state laws and regulations may also require us to notify affected individuals, and U.S. state attorneys general, or other regulators or law enforcement, in the event of a data breach involving individually identifiable information without regard to whether there is a low probability of the information being compromised.

Penalties for impermissible use or disclosure of PHI were increased by the HITECH Act by imposing tiered penalties of more than $50,000 per violation and up to $1.5 million per year for identical violations. In addition, HIPAA provides for criminal penalties of up to $250,000 and ten years in prison, with the severest penalties for obtaining and disclosing PHI with the intent to sell, transfer or use such information for commercial advantage, personal gain or malicious harm. Further, state attorneys general may bring civil actions seeking either injunction or damages in response to violations of the HIPAA privacy and security regulations that threaten the privacy of state residents.

In addition to the protection of PHI, healthcare companies must meet privacy and security requirements applicable to other categories of personal information. Companies may process consumer information in conjunction with website and corporate operations. They may also handle employee information, including Social Security Numbers, payroll information, and other categories of sensitive information, to further their employment practices. In processing this additional information, companies must comply with the applicable privacy and security requirements of comprehensive privacy and data protection laws, consumer protection laws, labor and employment laws, and its publicly-available notices. In addition, federal and state laws governing the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies are evolving. As the regulation of these technologies matures, we may face additional compliance costs and legal risk to our operations.

Outside of the United States, the requirements of applicable privacy and data protection laws and regulations, and any related implementation guidance from and enforcement postures of local country regulators, may present varying implementation and compliance considerations for our local country operations. These include the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the United Kingdom General Data Protection Regulation (UK GDPR), and other non-GDPR laws, such as the Brazilian Lei Geral de Proteção de Dados (LGPD), the Saudi Arabia Personal Data Protection Law and the Data Security Law of the People's Republic of China (DSL), among others. This variation presents compliance costs and legal risks to our international operations. When providing services or using personal data, we must ensure compliance with the applicable legislation and local legal requirements.

The GDPR imposes a comprehensive data protection regime with the potential for regulatory fines as well as data breach litigation by impacted data subjects. Under the GDPR, regulatory penalties may be passed by data protection authorities for up to the greater of 4% of worldwide turnover or €20 million. The UK GDPR carries similar compliance and operational costs, and carries similar fines of up to the greater of £17.5 million or 4% of global turnover. In non-GDPR countries, the cost of non-compliance varies but can also be just as significant as those under the GDPR. For example, the maximum fine for non-compliance with the LGPD is 50 million Brazilian real (approximately $8 million) or 2% of the company’s annual revenue, while the maximum fine for non-compliance with the DSL is RMB 50 million (approximately $7 million) or 5% of the previous year's turnover. In addition to fines, data protection authorities in non-GDPR countries may also impose criminal sanctions as well as other penalties, such as orders to cease processing personal data, orders to delete personal data, or warnings and reprimands.

Privacy and data protection laws are also evolving nationally, providing for enhanced state privacy rights that are broader than the current federal privacy rights, and may add additional compliance costs and legal risks to our U.S. operations. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), which was significantly amended by the California Privacy 

16

Rights Act (CPRA), the Colorado Privacy Act, as well as multiple other states, afford consumers expanded privacy protections. These provide for civil penalties for violations, and the CCPA and CPRA provide for a private right of action for data breaches. Additionally, several privacy bills have been proposed both at the federal and state level that may result in additional legal requirements that impact our business. On a related front, states continue to enact laws focusing on consumer health data that are similar to other comprehensive data laws, but impose more stringent consent requirements (e.g., opt-in consent for certain types of processing) for consumer health data. These laws carry statutory damages and in some cases allow for a private right of action. These state data protection laws (both the comprehensive laws and the health-focused laws) will likely result in broader increased regulatory scrutiny in applicable states of businesses' privacy and security practices, could lead to a further rise in data protection litigation, and will require additional compliance investment and potential business process changes. 

In addition to the breach reporting requirements under HIPAA, companies are subject to state breach notification laws. Each state enforces a law requiring companies to provide notice of a breach of certain categories of sensitive personal information, e.g. Social Security Number, financial account information, or username and password. A company impacted by a breach must notify affected individuals, attorney’s general or other agencies within a certain time frame. If a company does not provide timely notice with the required content, it may be subject to civil penalties brought by attorneys general or affected individuals. 

Companies must also safeguard personal information in accordance with federal and state data security laws and requirements. These requirements are akin to the HIPAA requirements to safeguard PHI, described above. The FTC, for example, requires companies to implement reasonable data security measures relative to its operations and the volume and complexity of the information it processes. Also, various state data security laws require companies to safeguard data with technical security controls and underlying policies and processes. Due to the constant changes in the data security space, companies must continuously review and update data security practices to seek to mitigate any potential operational or legal liabilities stemming from data security risks. For additional details on the risks of compliance with applicable privacy and security laws, regulations and standards, see the discussion in Part I Item 1A. "
Risk Factors
" under the heading "
Privacy and information security laws are complex..." 
For additional information about our assessment of our cybersecurity risks, see the discussion in Part I Item 1C. "
Cybersecurity
."

Integrated Kidney Care, Medicare and Medicaid program reforms and Other Healthcare Regulations

The regulatory framework of the healthcare marketplace continues to evolve as a result of executive, legislative, regulatory and administrative developments and judicial proceedings. These changes shape the landscape for our current dialysis business as well as for emerging comprehensive and integrated kidney care programs. The following discussion describes certain of these changes in further detail.

CMMI Payment Models:
 As described above, CMS has launched payment models through CMMI to evaluate the effects of creating payment incentives for the greater use of home-based dialysis and kidney transplants for those already on dialysis, improve quality of care for kidney patients and reduce expenditures. The first of these, the ETC mandatory payment model, launched in approximately 30% of dialysis clinics across the country on January 1, 2021. CMS subsequently issued several clarifying rules and continues to evaluate the model. CMS has also implemented two voluntary kidney care payment models, Kidney Care First (KCF) and Comprehensive Kidney Care Contracting (CKCC), with the stated goal of helping healthcare providers reduce the cost and improve the quality of care for patients with late-stage chronic kidney disease and ESRD. CMS has stated these payment models are aimed to prevent or delay the need for dialysis and encourage kidney transplantation. As described above, we have invested substantial resources, and expect to continue to invest substantial resources in these models as part of our overall plan to grow our integrated kidney care business and value-based care initiatives.

For additional details on the risks related to integrated kidney care and Medicare and Medicaid program reforms, see the discussion in Part I Item 1A. "
Risk Factors
" under the headings "
If we are not able to successfully implement our strategy with respect to our integrated kidney care and value-based care initiatives...;" 
and
 "If we are unable to compete successfully..."

Healthcare Reform, ACA and Related Regulatory and Legal Developments
: The ACA regulatory framework of the healthcare marketplace continues to evolve as a result of executive, legislative, regulatory and administrative developments and judicial proceedings. For example, the expanded access to healthcare developed under the ACA has been both positively and negatively impacted over time by subsequent legal, regulatory and judicial action. In 2021 and 2022, respectively, the American Rescue Plan and Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 included several provisions designed to expand health coverage, including the expansion and extension of premium tax credits that assist consumers who purchase health insurance on marketplaces developed under the ACA and temporarily offering incentives to expand Medicaid coverage for states that have not yet done so. Our revenue and operating income levels are highly sensitive to the percentage of our patients with higher-paying commercial health insurance and any legislative, regulatory or other changes that decrease the accessibility and availability, including the 

17

duration, of commercial insurance, such as the potential expiration at the end of 2025 of the premium tax credits described above, is likely to have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Changes to the political environment may increase the likelihood of legislative or regulatory changes that would impact us, such as changes to the healthcare regulatory landscape. Examples of such potential changes also could include, among other things, legislative, regulatory, or executive development, including those that may impact the availability of certain premium tax credits under the ACA exchanges or may impact the eligibility age for Medicare beneficiaries. Some of these or other changes could in turn impact the percentage of our patients with higher-paying commercial health insurance, impact the scope or terms of coverage under commercial health plans and/or increase our expenses, among other things. The timing of legislative, regulatory or executive action related to these potential initiatives, if any, remains uncertain, particularly in light of the current economic and political environment, and as such, considerable uncertainty exists surrounding the continued development of the ACA and related regulations, programs and models, as well as similar healthcare reform measures and/or other potential changes at the federal and/or state level to laws, regulations and other requirements that govern our business. 

21
st
 Century Cures Act
:

As described above under the heading "—
Medicare Advantage revenue,"
 the Cures Act broadened patient access to certain enhanced benefits offered by MA plans. This change in benefit eligibility has increased the percentage of our patients on MA plans as compared to Medicare Part B plans. In addition, the Cures Act also includes provisions related to data interoperability, information blocking and patient access. For details on the risks associated with these provisions of the Cures Act, see the risk factors in Part I Item 1A. "
Risk Factors
" under the headings,
 "Our business is subject to a complex set of governmental laws, regulations and other requirements...;" "If the number or percentage of patients with higher-paying commercial insurance declines...;
"

and
 "Failing to effectively maintain, operate or upgrade our information systems or those of third-party service providers upon which we rely..."

Health Plan Price Transparency Rules
: In addition, recent price transparency regulations require most group health plans, and health insurance issuers in the group and individual markets, to make certain pricing and patient responsibility information publicly available. On July 1, 2022, most group health plans and issuers of group or individual health insurance were required to begin publishing machine-readable files that include negotiated rates for all covered items and services with all providers and out-of-network allowed amounts. For plan years that begin on or after January 1, 2023, most group health plans, and health insurance issuers in the group and individual markets, must provide enrollees with out-of-pocket cost and underlying provider negotiated rate information in a consumer-friendly format for an initial list of 500 designated services (which do not include dialysis). A plan or issuer may choose to include more than these 500 services, and for plan years that begin on or after January 1, 2024, most group health plans, and health insurance issuers in the group and individual markets, must provide enrollees with this information for all covered items and services. 

In addition to the aforementioned pricing transparency rules, the government has also implemented certain additional pricing transparency requirements that apply to certain types of providers, including DaVita. Under the No Surprises Act, which went into effect January 1, 2022, certain providers, including DaVita, are required to develop and disclose a "Good Faith Estimate" (GFE) that details the expected charges for furnishing certain items or services, although the government is currently only enforcing portions of this requirement with respect to uninsured or self-pay patients. The GFE is currently required to include specific information regarding the service provided and diagnostic codes, among other things, and is subject to formatting requirements, notice requirements, availability and dispute resolution procedures; in the future, GFEs will be required to include additional information, including co-provider service estimates. Similar to the aforementioned pricing transparency rules, the impact of the GFE requirements on DaVita remains uncertain at this time, in part due to ongoing rulemaking around the No Surprises Act as well as the delayed effective date of certain provisions of the GFE framework, uncertainty around operational timeframes, potential penalties and patient reaction, among other things. For additional details about the risks associated with these requirements, see the discussion in the risk factor in Part I Item 1A. "
Risk Factors
" under the heading, 
"If the number or percentage of patients with higher-paying commercial insurance declines...
"

Other regulations

Our U.S. dialysis and related lab services operations are subject to various state hazardous waste and non-hazardous medical waste disposal laws at both the state and federal level. In addition, OSHA regulations require employers to provide workers who are occupationally subject to blood or other potentially infectious materials with prescribed protections. These regulatory requirements apply to all healthcare facilities, including dialysis centers, and require employers to make a determination as to which employees may be exposed to blood or other potentially infectious materials and to have in effect a written exposure control plan. In addition, employers are required to provide or employ hepatitis B vaccinations, personal protective equipment and other safety devices, infection control training, post-exposure evaluation and follow-up, waste disposal techniques and procedures and work practice controls. Employers are also required to comply with various record-keeping requirements.

18

In addition, certain states in which we do business have certificate of need programs regulating the establishment or expansion of healthcare facilities, including dialysis centers. Furthermore, given the evolving nature of our business, agencies, including but not limited to the Food and Drug Administration, FTC, and HHS's Office of Civil Rights, will continue to introduce and/or enforce existing laws and regulations that we may need to comply with. For additional information of the risks to our business associated with the impact of these and other laws and regulations, see the risk factors in Part I Item 1A. "
Risk Factors
" under the headings, 
"Our business is subject to a complex set of governmental laws, regulations, and other requirements..." 
and
 "Changes in federal and state legislation or regulations..."

State laws and initiatives

There have been several state-based policy initiatives to limit payments to dialysis providers or impose other burdensome operational requirements, which, if passed, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operation, financial condition and cash flows. For example, in October 2019, a California bill (AB 290) was signed into law that limits the amount of reimbursement paid to certain providers for services provided to patients with commercial insurance who receive charitable premium assistance (reimbursement cap). The implementation of AB 290 has been stayed pending resolution of legal challenges. The trial court has issued a decision relating to these challenges to AB 290, which is currently on appeal. In addition, California passed into law California Senate Bill No. 525 (SB 525), which raises minimum wage for many California healthcare workers and went into effect in October 2024. 

For additional discussion on the risks associated with the evolving payment and regulatory landscape for kidney care, see the discussion in Part I Item 1A. "
Risk Factors
," including the discussion under the headings,
 "Our business is subject to a complex set of governmental laws, regulations and other requirements..." 
and
 "Changes in federal and state legislation or regulations..."

Corporate compliance program

Management has designed and implemented a corporate compliance program as part of our commitment to comply fully with applicable criminal, civil and administrative laws and regulations and to maintain the high standards of conduct we expect from all of our teammates, physician partners, and certain other third parties. We continuously review this program and work to enhance and evolve it as appropriate. The primary purposes of the program include:

•
Assessing and identifying health care regulatory risks for existing and new businesses;

•
Training and educating our teammates, physician partners, and certain other third parties to promote awareness of legal and regulatory requirements, a culture of compliance, and the necessity of complying with all applicable laws, regulations and requirements;

•
Developing and implementing compliance policies and procedures and creating controls to support compliance with applicable laws, regulations and requirements and our policies and procedures;

•
Auditing and monitoring the activities of our operating units and business support functions to identify and mitigate risks and potential instances of noncompliance in a timely manner; and

•
Ensuring that we promptly take steps to resolve any instances of noncompliance and address areas of weakness or potential noncompliance.

We have a code of conduct that each of our teammates, members of our Board of Directors (Board), physician partners, and certain other third parties must follow, and we have an anonymous compliance hotline for teammates, physician partners, patients and other third parties to report potential instances of noncompliance that is managed by a third party. Our Chief Compliance Officer administers the compliance program. The Chief Compliance Officer reports directly to our Chief Executive Officer (CEO) and the Chair of the Compliance and Quality Committee of our Board.

We could be subject to penalties or other consequences if the OIG or a similar regulatory authority determines that we failed to comply with applicable laws, regulations or requirements, including, among other things substantial monetary penalties and exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and stock price.

Competition

The U.S. dialysis industry remains highly competitive, with many new and emerging entrants entering the kidney healthcare business space. In our U.S. dialysis business, we continue to face intense competition from large and medium-sized providers, among others, which compete directly with us for limited acquisition targets, for individual patients who may choose 

19

to dialyze with us and to engage physicians qualified to provide required medical director services. In addition to these large and medium sized dialysis providers with substantial financial resources and other established participants in the dialysis space, we also compete with new dialysis providers, individual nephrologists and former medical directors or physicians that have opened their own dialysis units or facilities. Moreover, as we continue our international dialysis expansion into various international markets, we face competition from large and medium-sized providers, among others, for acquisition targets as well as physician relationships. We also experience competitive pressures from other dialysis and healthcare providers in recruiting and retaining qualified skilled clinical personnel as well as in connection with negotiating contracts with commercial healthcare payors and inpatient dialysis service agreements with hospitals. Acquisitions, developing new outpatient dialysis centers, patient retention and referrals, and referral source relationships, in which such sources understand us to be the clinical and operational leaders in the market are significant components of our growth strategy and our business could be adversely affected if we are not able to continue to make dialysis acquisitions on reasonable and acceptable terms, continue to develop new outpatient dialysis centers, maintain our referral sources' trust in our capabilities or if we experience significant patient attrition or lack of new patient growth relative to our competitors. 

Our largest competitor, Fresenius Medical Care (FMC), manufactures a full line of dialysis supplies and equipment in addition to owning and operating outpatient dialysis centers worldwide. This may, among other things, give FMC cost advantages over us because of its ability to manufacture its own products. Additionally, FMC is one of our largest suppliers of dialysis products and equipment. Our agreement with FMC typically requires us to purchase a certain amount of dialysis equipment, parts and supplies from FMC based upon a number of factors, including the operating requirements of our centers, the number of centers we acquire, and growth of our existing centers.

As we continue to expand our efforts to grow across the full continuum of kidney care from CKD care to dialysis treatment to transplant facilitation, we also face competition outside dialysis. In the integrated care market, we face competition from other dialysis providers who, similar to DaVita, may be seeking to expand arrangements with payors, physicians and hospitals. We also face competition from non-traditional providers and others in this space, who have made a number of announcements, initiatives and capital raises in areas along the full continuum of kidney care from CKD to dialysis to transplant. These business entities, certain of which command considerable resources and capital, increasingly compete with us in the integrated kidney care market, and they may also focus their efforts on the development of more traditional dialysis competition or the commencement of other new business activities or the development of innovative technologies, drugs or other treatments that could impact the rate of growth of the kidney care patient population or otherwise be transformative to the industry. For additional discussion on these developments and associated risks, see the risk factors in Part I Item 1A. "
Risk Factors
" under the headings, "
If we are unable to compete successfully..
." and "
If we are not able to successfully implement our strategy with respect to our integrated kidney care and value-based care initiatives
..."

Insurance

We are primarily self-insured with respect to professional and general liability, workers' compensation and automobile risks, and a portion of our employment liability practice risks, through wholly-owned captive insurance companies. We are also predominantly self-insured with respect to employee medical and other health benefits. We also maintain insurance, excess coverage, or reinsurance for property and general liability, professional liability, directors’ and officers’ liability, workers' compensation, cybersecurity and other coverage in amounts and on terms deemed appropriate by management, based on our actual claims experience and expectations for future claims. Future claims could, however, exceed our applicable insurance coverage. Physicians practicing at our dialysis centers are required to maintain their own malpractice insurance, and our medical directors are required to maintain coverage for their individual private medical practices. Our liability policies cover our medical directors for the performance of their duties as medical directors at our outpatient dialysis centers.

Human capital management

Overview

At DaVita, we are guided by our Mission—to be the provider, partner and employer of choice—and our Core Values—Service Excellence, Integrity, Team, Continuous Improvement, Accountability, Fulfillment and Fun—which are reinforced at all levels of the organization. Our teammates share a common passion for equitably improving patients' lives and are the cornerstone for the health of DaVita.

We strive to be a community first and a company second, and affectionately call ourselves a Village. To be a healthy Village, we need to attract, develop and retain top talent that reflect the communities we serve. To do so, we have implemented strategies that support our mission to be the employer of choice, such as: 

•
Designing programs and processes to cultivate a talent pipeline that can allow us to hire ahead of needs;

20

•
Providing development and professional growth opportunities; and

•
Offering a robust and competitive total rewards program. 

We believe that this intentional investment of time and resources fosters a special community of teammates that, in turn, leads to better care for our patients and the communities we serve.

As of December 31, 2024, we employed approximately 76,000 teammates, including our international teammates, with approximately 75% of our teammates located within the U.S.

Oversight & Management

Our Board provides oversight on human capital matters, receiving regular updates from our Chief People Officer about People Services’ activities, strategies and initiatives, and through the Board’s annual work with our CEO on management development and succession planning. Among other things, our Board and/or its committees also receive reports related to pay equity, risks and trends related to labor and human capital management issues and other issues generally pertaining to our teammates. The Board, in conjunction with its committees, also oversees the Company's activities, policies and programs related to corporate environmental and social responsibility, including considering the impact of such activities, policies and programs on the Company, teammates, patients and communities, among others.

These reports and recommendations to the Board and its committees are part of our broader People Services leadership and oversight framework, which includes guidance from various stakeholders across the business and benefits from the broad participation of senior leadership.

Connection & Belonging

Our investment in our teammates is anchored by our commitment to building a team of high performing teammates that reflect the communities we serve. We take a collaborative, leader-led approach, with everyone from our front-line patient care technicians and nurses to our divisional vice presidents, our CEO, and our Board playing a role in implementing our strategy. It truly does take a Village to bring our vision to life.

To help achieve this vision, we empower all leaders and teammates to cultivate connection and belonging in their centers and on their teams. We offer a suite of training to ensure our leaders are well-versed in how to cultivate belonging on their teams, reduce bias in hiring and talent reviews, and more. Leaders may also go deeper into more complex topics to understand how to create trust and safety, respect and value others and provide fair and consistent support. Finally, the fundamentals of creating a culture of belonging are integrated into new teammate onboarding to ensure all teammates understand their role in bringing our vision to life.

Over the past several years, our efforts to build culture have focused primarily on ensuring that we are creating a welcoming, open environment where all teammates, patients, physicians and care partners belong. Based on our most recent internal engagement surveys, 84% of our U.S. teammates indicated that they feel a sense of belonging within the DaVita community. We also celebrate a Week of Belonging each year, engaging teammates globally with activities and education designed to further create a sense of belonging.

As of December 31, 2024, DaVita in the U.S. was composed of 78% women and 58% people of color. As of December 31, 2024, in the U.S. 73% of our managers and 62% of our directors are women and that leaders with profit and loss responsibility are 52% women and 27% people of color. Our Board is composed of 40% women and 20% people of color. 

Talent Pipeline and Career Development

Helping teammates and leaders grow and increase their earning potential are important tenets of our Employer of Choice strategy. We have a robust set of career development offerings to support teammates in reaching their professional ambitions. We have invested in an end-to-end career development pipeline that includes programs and initiatives that provide financial, educational and social support to our clinical and operations personnel to help achieve their higher education and leadership goals. 

Our DaVita Ladders program – which currently includes Clinical Ladders for our clinical teammates – is designed to unlock clarity, competitive pay and transparent career journeys to systematically create more effective teammates and leaders. Through Clinical Ladders, the Village offers clinical teammates and leaders:

•
Clarity around role expectations;

•
A shared language to describe and understand career progression across the business units and regions;

21

•
More structured talent mobility efforts to empower teammates to explore alternative career pathways based on interest, competency, and skill;

•
A tool to support all aspects of the talent lifecycle through selection practices, professional development review (PDR) discussions, and succession planning, among other things;

•
Standardization in how we execute performance and talent conversations that are aligned to factors for role success; and

•
Market informed pay structure, pay design and guidance to consistently execute our pay for performance philosophy.

Our goal is to make resources available to teammates at each step of a possible career path to enable teammates to increase their earnings potential. For example, our Bridge to Your Dreams program supports high performing teammates pursuing an associate's degree in nursing with financial assistance, resources and role placement support to become a DaVita nurse. We currently have 2,400 teammates going through the program and on the way to becoming registered nurses. We also offer programs that help develop high potential nurses, clinical coordinators and clinic nurse managers into operational managers, along with programs that prepare and coach operational managers for regional operations director roles. These are just some of the many other career development opportunities we have in place for our teammates.

We are proud of the work we have done in this area. In 2024 approximately 58% of our managers in the U.S. were promoted from within. We will continue to lean into our teammates' growth and help them achieve their career objectives.

Total Rewards Program

Our total rewards philosophy and practices are designed to be competitive in the local market and reward strong team and individual performance. We believe merit-driven pay encourages teammates to do their best work, including in caring for our patients, and we strive to link pay to performance so we can continue to incentivize the provision of extraordinary care to our patients and grow our Village.

To attract, retain and grow our teammates, we have a holistic approach to total rewards that includes financial, physical and emotional support. Highlights include, among other things:

•
Healthcare benefits including a menu of plan designs and health savings accounts.

•
Free health programs in support of the most prevalent health conditions affecting our teammates, including hypertension, diabetes prevention/maintenance, musculoskeletal issues and weight loss/management. 

•
Financial wellness elements including 401(k) match, employee stock purchase plan (ESPP), a deferred compensation plan, financial planning support and access to free banking services. Additionally, DailyPay is a service that provides teammates with financial flexibility by allowing them to access earned but unpaid wages before payday.

•
Family support programs to our teammates and their families that include family care programs for back-up child and elder care, family planning support for fertility, adoption and surrogacy, parental support for children’s educational and special needs and parental leave programs. We also offer a number of scholarships for teammates' children and grandchildren.

•
Teammate Assistance Program that offers counseling sessions to all teammates and their household members, along with critical incident support for work related trauma, on both a personal and group level, with access to ten free sessions annually for each household member.

•
Free access to Headspace, an application for digital meditation and mindfulness, and referrals/consultations on everyday issues such as dependent care, auto repair, pet care and home improvement.

•
Vitality Points, a voluntary wellness incentive program that encourages teammates and their spouses/domestic partners to engage with their provider to manage their overall health. In addition, it allows participating teammates and spouses/domestic partners to earn credits toward their medical premium for getting a biometric screening with a primary care provider.

•
Short & Long term disability for full time teammates and Life/AD&D coverage at both the basic and supplemental levels. Our voluntary Whole Life plan also includes long-term care coverage.

22

•
Our DaVita Village Network, which provides financial support to eligible teammates experiencing a specific tragedy or hardship and helps cover additional costs that insurance does not fully cover.

Pay Equity

At DaVita, we are committed to equal pay for equal work; meaning, teammates in the same position, performing at the same level, and in similar geographies, are paid equitably relative to one another, regardless of their gender, race or ethnicity. We believe that equitable pay is a critical component of establishing a work environment where all teammates are valued and feel like they belong. Equitable pay is essential to our ability to attract, motivate and retain the top talent that reflect the communities we serve who are at the center of our current and future success.

Teammate Health and Safety 

We are committed to promoting a safe and compliant environment for our teammates, particularly in our clinical settings. Our safety programs are designed to proactively identify, prevent and mitigate risk in these settings, prioritizing the health, safety and well-being of both our teammates and patients. We routinely assess facilities to closely monitor adherence to established security and safety standards. We have an electronic audit system that includes monthly OSHA and infection control audits, and survey preparedness and biomedical audits are performed every six months. The audits are tracked for timely completion and correction of issues found in the audit. In the spirit of our safety culture, we also have an electronic system for capturing adverse clinical events. These events are tracked and trended to identify opportunity to improve our teammate trainings and enhance our clinical safety systems. Our teammates complete mandatory annual compliance trainings focused on key areas, reflecting our dedication to ensuring the health and safety of our teammates and patients. 

For additional information about certain risks associated with our human capital management, see the risk factors in Part I Item 1A. "
Risk Factors
" under the headings, "
Our business is labor intensive and if our labor costs continue to rise...;
" and 
"External conditions, including those related to general economic, marketplace and global health conditions..."

23



This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Please read the cautionary notice regarding forward-looking statements in Item 7 of Part II of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading "Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations." These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including those discussed below, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or reputation. The risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only ones facing our business. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial could also have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition, results of operations and/or reputation.

Summary Risk Factors

The following is a summary of the principal risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, cash flows, financial condition and/or results of operations, and these adverse impacts may be material. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the more detailed descriptions of the risks and uncertainties included in this Item 1A. below and you should read this summary together with those more detailed descriptions.

These principal risk and uncertainties relate to, among other things: 

Risks Related to the Operation of our Business

•
external conditions, including those related to general economic, marketplace and global health conditions, including, among other things, conditions that may impact treatment volumes or the rate of growth of our ESKD patient population;

•
the complex set of governmental laws, regulations and other requirements that impact us, including potential changes thereto

;

•
changes in federal and state legislation or regulations;

•
the various lawsuits, demands, claims, 

qui tam

 suits, governmental investigations and audits and other legal matters that we may be subject to from time to time

;

•
the number or percentage of patients with higher-paying commercial insurance, the average rates that commercial payors pay us, any restrictions in plan designs or other contractual terms, including, without limitation, the scope and duration of coverage and in-network benefits

;

•
our ability to successfully implement our strategy with respect to integrated kidney care, value-based care and home-based dialysis

;

•
changes in the structure of and payment rates under government-based programs

; 

•
increases in labor costs, including, without limitation, due to shortages, changes in certification requirements and/or higher than normal turnover rates in skilled clinical personnel; currently pending or future governmental laws, rules, regulations or initiatives; our ability to attract and retain key leadership talent or employees; or union organizing activities or other legislative or other changes

; 

•
our ability to comply with complex privacy and information security laws that impact us and/or our ability to properly maintain the integrity of our data, protect our proprietary rights to our systems or defend against cybersecurity attacks

;

•
our ability to establish and maintain supplier and service provider relationships that meet our needs at cost-effective prices or at prices that allow for adequate reimbursement as applicable, our ability to access new technology or superior products in a cost-effective manner and our increasing reliance on third party service providers

;

•
changes in clinical practices, payment rates or regulations impacting pharmaceuticals and/or devices

;

•
our ability to compete successfully, including, without limitation, implementing our growth strategy and/or retaining patients and physicians willing to serve as medical directors

;

•
our U.S. integrated kidney care, U.S. other ancillary services and our international operations and our ability to expand within markets or to new markets, or invest in new products or services

; 

24

•
political, economic, legal, operational and other risks as we expand our operations and offer our services in markets outside of the U.S., and utilizing third-party suppliers and service providers operating outside of the U.S.

;

•
our ability to effectively maintain, operate or upgrade our information systems or those of third-party service providers upon which we rely, including, without limitation, our clinical, billing and collections systems, and our ability to adhere to federal and state data sharing and access requirements and regulations

; 

•
our acquisitions, mergers, joint ventures, noncontrolling interest investments or dispositions

;

•
if our joint ventures were found to violate the law;

•
our goals and disclosures related to environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters

; 

•
our ability to appropriately estimate the amount of dialysis revenues and related refund liabilities

;

General Risks

•
our current or future level of indebtedness, including, without limitation, our ability to generate cash to service our indebtedness and for other intended purposes and our ability to maintain compliance with debt covenants

;

•
changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations or challenges to our tax positions

;

•
the effects of natural or other disasters, political instability, public health crises or adverse weather events such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires or flooding

;

•
liability claims for damages and other expenses that are not covered by insurance or exceed our existing insurance coverage

;

•
our ability to successfully maintain an effective internal control over financial reporting

; and

•
provisions in our organizational documents, our compensation programs and policies and certain requirements under Delaware law that may deter changes of control or make it more difficult for our stockholders to change the composition of our Board of Directors and take other corporate actions that our stockholders would otherwise determine to be in their best interests

.

Risks Related to the Operation of our Business

External conditions, including those related to general economic, marketplace and global health conditions, have impacted and will continue to impact our business and cost structure in a variety of ways, and these and other uncontrollable events may in the future impact the rate of growth of our patient population and our ability to grow the business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to successfully execute cost savings or other initiatives in a manner that will offset the impact of these conditions, which could result in a material adverse impact on us.

We continue to be impacted by external conditions, including those related to general economic, marketplace and global health conditions, many of which are interrelated, including, among other things, inflation, interest rate volatility, labor market conditions, wage pressure, supply chain challenges, increased mortality rates of our patients and other ESKD and CKD patients, and the potential application of innovative technologies, drugs or other treatments. Certain of these impacts could be further intensified by concurrent global events such as the ongoing conflicts between Russia and Ukraine and in Israel, Gaza and the surrounding areas, severe weather events and other natural disasters, such as Hurricane Helene, Hurricane Milton and the recent wildfires in California, and the impact of policies implemented by the new administration in the United States. These global events continue to drive sociopolitical and economic uncertainty across the globe and may further impact supply chain challenges and macroeconomic conditions and trade relationships, among other things. The ultimate impact of these and other conditions on our business over time depends on future developments that are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. 

We have experienced and expect to continue to experience a negative impact on revenue and treatment volume due to, among other things, elevated mortality rates of our patients in comparison to the periods prior to the COVID-19 pandemic and the associated impact on our patient census. Treatment volumes during the year have been and we expect may continue to be adversely impacted by higher than expected missed treatment rates, which during the second half of 2024 were driven primarily by severe weather events. In addition, new-to-dialysis admission rates, treatment volumes, future revenues and non-acquired growth, among other things, could continue to be negatively impacted over time to the extent that the ESKD and CKD populations experience sustained elevated mortality levels, including, among other things, due to the availability and use of vaccines, treatments and therapies. As described below in the risk factor under the heading, "
If we are unable to compete successfully...
", certain other events beyond our control could also impact the rate of growth of our ESKD patient population. 

25

Any decrease in growth rates for the ESKD or CKD patient population, higher mortality rates for dialysis patients or other reductions in demand for dialysis treatments, if sustained or significant, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Any such impact would be magnified to the extent it also resulted in a lower number of patients with commercial insurance or a lower percentage of patients under commercial insurance relative to government-based programs. 

Ongoing global economic conditions and political and regulatory developments, such as general labor, supply chain and inflationary pressures have also increased, and will likely continue to increase, our expenses, including among other things, staffing, labor and supply costs. Our business is labor intensive and our financial and operating results have been and continue to be sensitive to variations in labor-related costs and productivity. We have historically faced and expect to continue to face difficulties in hiring and retaining caregivers due in part to a nationwide shortage of clinical personnel, which may be exacerbated with more limitations on immigration in the United States. We expect certain of these increased staffing and labor costs to continue, due to, among other factors, the continuation of a challenging labor market. The cumulative impact of these increased costs could be material. In addition, potential staffing shortages or other potential developments or disruptions related to our teammates, if material, could ultimately lead to the unplanned closures of certain centers or adversely impact clinical operations, or may otherwise have a material adverse impact on our ability to provide dialysis services or the cost of providing those services, among other things. Our industry has also experienced increased union organizing activities. For example, union petitions have been filed in nine of our clinics in California and eight of these are in different stages of the voting process and have been subject to legal challenges. For further discussion of the risks related to rising labor costs and union organizing activities, see the risk factor under the heading, "
Our business is labor intensive..."

The impact of the pandemic on our patient population combined with cost inflation trends and the failure of government reimbursement rates to keep pace with these cost trends have put pressure on our existing cost structure, and we expect that certain of those increased costs will persist as inflationary and supply chain pressures and challenging labor market conditions continue. Prolonged geopolitical or global economic volatility, uncertainty, trade disputes, labor supply shortages and other challenging labor market conditions could have an adverse impact on our growth and ability to execute on our other strategic initiatives and a material adverse impact on our labor costs, among other things. Prolonged strain on global supply chains, including as a result of trade disputes, geopolitical instability, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates or regulatory requirements may result in equipment and clinical supply shortages, disruptions, delays or associated price increases that could impact our ability to provide dialysis services or the cost of providing those services, among other things. Moreover, to the extent that monetary policies, tariffs, or other factors impacting structural costs over the long term have contributed to or may in the future contribute to inflationary pressures, this may in turn continue to increase our labor and supply costs at a rate that outpaces the Medicare or any other rate increases we may receive. In our value-based care and other programs where we assume financial accountability for total patient cost, an increase in our underlying staffing and labor expenses could have an impact on total cost of care. This increase may in turn impact the profitability of those programs relative to their respective funding.

We invested in and implemented cost savings initiatives designed to help mitigate these cost and volume pressures. These included, among other things, identified cost savings related to the achievement of general and administrative cost efficiencies through ongoing initiatives, including, among others, those that increase our use of third party service providers to perform certain activities. These opportunities and investments also included, among others, initiatives relating to clinic optimization, capacity utilization improvement and procurement opportunities, as well as investment in revenue cycle management. We incurred charges in connection with the continued implementation of these initiatives. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue to successfully execute these initiatives or that they will achieve expectations or succeed in helping offset the impact of these challenging conditions. Any failure on our part to adjust our business and operations in this manner, to adjust to other marketplace developments or dynamics or to appropriately implement these initiatives in accordance with applicable legal, regulatory or compliance requirements could adversely impact our ability to provide dialysis services or the cost of providing those services, among other things, and ultimately could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Deterioration in economic conditions, whether driven by macroeconomic conditions, global events, domestic political or governmental volatility or other events beyond our control, including the aforementioned inflationary and labor market pressures, changes in domestic policies, volatility and uncertainty, as well as potential volatility in the global trade markets or interest rates, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Among other things, the potential decline in federal and state tax revenues that may result from a deterioration in economic conditions or political initiatives targeted at reducing government spending may create additional pressures to government sponsored programs. Any potential period of extended or increased job losses in the U.S. as a result of adverse economic conditions, including economic deterioration or changes in immigration regulations, could ultimately result in a smaller percentage of our patients being covered by an employer group health plan and a larger percentage being covered by lower-paying government insurance programs or being uninsured. In addition, the potential expiration at the end of 2025 of premium 

26

tax credits available for patients who purchase health insurance on marketplaces developed under the ACA for may similarly lead to a smaller percentage of patients being covered by a commercial insurance plan. In the event a material reduction in the share of our patients covered by commercial insurance plans occurs, it would have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The extent of these effects will depend upon, among other things, the extent and duration of any increased unemployment levels for our patient population, any economic deterioration or potential recession; and patients’ ability to retain existing insurance and their individual choices with respect to their coverage, all of which are highly uncertain and difficult to predict. Declining economic conditions or political or other pressures that drive increased focus on healthcare costs may lead employers to select more restrictive commercial plans with lower reimbursement rates. To the extent that payors are negatively impacted by a decline in the economy, we may experience further pressure on commercial rates, a slowdown in collections and a reduction in the amounts we expect to collect. For additional information on risks regarding the potential impact of decreases to the percentage or number of our patients with commercial insurance, see the risk factor under the heading "
If the number or percentage of patients with higher-paying commercial insurance declines...
" 

If general economic conditions or labor market conditions deteriorate or remain uncertain for an extended period of time, we may experience negative impacts on reimbursement rates or the availability of insurance coverage for our patients, which may in turn materially and unfavorably impact our revenues and financial results. These impacts could lead us to incur future charges to recognize impairment in the carrying amount of our goodwill and other intangible assets, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. As of December 31, 2024, we had approximately $7 billion of goodwill recorded on our consolidated balance sheet. We account for impairments of goodwill in accordance with the provisions of applicable accounting guidance, and record impairment charges when and to the extent a reporting unit's carrying amount is determined to exceed its estimated fair value. We use a variety of factors to assess changes in the financial condition, future prospects and other circumstances concerning our businesses and to estimate their fair value when applicable. These assessments and the related valuations can involve significant uncertainties and require significant judgment on various matters. 

The aforementioned impacts may also drive an increased need for additional liquidity funded by accessing existing credit facilities, raising new debt in the capital markets, or other sources, and we may seek to refinance existing debt, which may be more difficult or costly in an uncertain or declining economic environment. For additional information regarding the risks related to our indebtedness, see the discussion in the risk factor under the heading "
The level of our current and future debt...
"

Any or all of these economic conditions or developments, as well as other consequences of these conditions or developments, some of which are beyond our control and none of which we can reasonably predict, could have a material adverse effect on our patients, teammates, physician partners, suppliers, business, results of operations, financial condition and/or cash flows or materially harm our reputation. In addition, these conditions or developments each may heighten many of the other risks and uncertainties discussed herein.

Our business is subject to a complex set of governmental laws, regulations and other requirements and any failure to adhere to those requirements, or any changes in those requirements, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, could materially harm our stock price, and in some circumstances, could materially harm our reputation.

We operate in a complex regulatory environment with an extensive and evolving set of federal, state and local governmental laws, regulations and other requirements that apply to us. These laws, regulations and other requirements are promulgated and overseen by a number of different legislative, regulatory, administrative, and quasi-regulatory bodies, each of which may have varying interpretations, judgments or related guidance. As such, we utilize considerable resources on an ongoing basis to monitor, assess and respond to applicable legislative, regulatory and administrative requirements, but there is no guarantee that we will be successful in our efforts to adhere to all of these requirements. 

Laws, regulations and other requirements that apply to or impact our business include, but are not limited to:

•
Medicare and Medicaid coverage and reimbursement statutes, and other federal coverage and reimbursement statutes, rules and regulations (including, but not limited to, manual provisions, local coverage determinations, national coverage determinations, payment schedules and agency guidance); 

•
Medicare and Medicaid provider requirements, including, but not limited to, requirements associated with providing and updating certain information about the Medicare or Medicaid entity, as applicable, and its direct and indirect affiliates; 

•
Section 1115A of the Social Security Act, which, among other things, authorizes the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation (CMMI) to test certain innovation models;

27

•
Federal and state fraud waste and abuse laws;

•
the 21st Century Cures Act (the Cures Act);

•
Veteran Administration and other Federal Acquisition Regulations;

•
executive orders and other presidential memoranda;

•
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Public Law 107-56 (Patriot Act), Executive Order No. 13224 on Terrorist Financing, effective September 24, 2001, and similar laws and regulations; 

•
antitrust and competition laws and regulations;

•
laws and regulations related to the corporate practice of medicine;

•
laws and regulations regarding the collection, use and disclosure of patient health information (e.g., Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA)); 

•
the No Surprises Act and related laws and regulations associated with transparency, interoperability, and access to data and information;

•
laws and regulations regarding the storage, handling, shipment, disposal and/or dispensing of pharmaceuticals and blood products and other biological and/or patient related materials; 

•
laws, regulations or other guidance across jurisdictions that require enhanced disclosures and due diligence surrounding the impacts of our Company and value chain on, and the financial risks and opportunities for our Company from, environmental, social and governance (ESG) or other similar sustainability or corporate responsibility matters, as well as enhanced policies, processes and controls designed to appropriately monitor and track such information and enhanced actions to address our Company's impact on these matters; and

•
individualized state laws and regulations associated with the operation of our business. 

If any of our personnel, representatives, third party vendors, or operations are alleged to have violated these or other laws, regulations or requirements, we could experience material harm to our reputation and stock price, and it could impact our relationships and/or contracts related to our business, among other things. If any of our personnel, representatives, third party vendors or operations are found to violate these or other laws, regulations or requirements, we could suffer additional severe consequences that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, including, among others:

•
Loss of required certifications or suspension or exclusion from or termination of our participation in government programs (including, without limitation, Medicare, Medicaid and CMMI demonstration programs); 

•
Refunds of amounts received in violation of law or applicable payment program requirements dating back to the applicable statute of limitation periods; 

•
Loss of licenses required to operate healthcare facilities or administer pharmaceuticals in the states in which we operate; 

•
Reductions in payment rates or coverage for dialysis and ancillary services and pharmaceuticals; 

•
Criminal or civil liability, fines, damages or monetary penalties; 

•
Imposition of corporate integrity agreements, corrective action plans or consent agreements; 

•
Enforcement actions, investigations, or audits by governmental agencies and/or state law claims for monetary damages by patients who believe their protected health information (PHI) has been used, disclosed or not properly safeguarded in violation of federal or state patient privacy laws, including, among others, HIPAA and the Privacy Act of 1974; 

•
Enforcement actions, investigations, or audits by government agencies related to healthcare laws and regulations inclusive of fraud and abuse laws, interoperability and related data sharing and access requirements and regulations;

28

•
Mandated changes to our practices or procedures that significantly increase operating expenses that could subject us to ongoing audits and reporting requirements as well as increased scrutiny of our billing and business practices which could lead to potential fines, among other things;

•
Termination of various relationships and/or contracts related to our business, such as joint venture arrangements, medical director agreements, hospital services and skilled nursing home agreements, real estate leases, value-based care arrangements, clinical incentive programs, payor contracts, debt agreements and consulting or participating provider agreements with physicians, among others; and 

•
Harm to our reputation, which could negatively impact our business relationships and stock price, our ability to attract and retain patients, physicians and teammates, our ability to obtain financing and our access to new business opportunities, among other things.

Any future penalties, sanctions or other consequences could be more severe in certain circumstances if the OIG or a similar regulatory authority determines that we knowingly or repeatedly failed to comply with laws, regulations or requirements that apply to our business. Additionally, the healthcare sector, including the dialysis industry, is regularly subject to negative publicity, including as a result of governmental investigations, adverse media coverage and political debate surrounding the U.S. healthcare system, among other things. Negative publicity, regardless of merit, regarding the dialysis industry generally, the U.S. healthcare system or DaVita in particular may adversely affect us. 

See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report for further details regarding certain pending legal proceedings and regulatory matters to which we are or may be subject from time to time, any of which may include allegations of violations of applicable laws, regulations and requirements.

Changes in federal and state legislation or regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Each of the laws, regulations and other requirements that govern our business may continue to change over time, and there is no assurance that we will be able to accurately predict the nature, timing or extent of such changes or the impact of such changes on the markets in which we conduct business or on the other participants that operate in those markets.

Among other things, the regulatory framework of the healthcare marketplace continues to evolve as a result of executive orders, presidential memoranda, legislative, regulatory and administrative developments and judicial proceedings. These changes shape the landscape for our current dialysis and ancillary businesses as well as for emerging comprehensive and integrated kidney care markets. For example, as described below, we have made substantial investments in and dedicated resources to 
our integrated care business, value-based care initiatives
 and home-based dialysis business to address regulatory developments that include innovative payment models, and there are risks to those investments, or additional investments may be required, in the event the regulatory environment changes and we do not adequately adapt to such changes. 

In addition, access to healthcare has been both positively and negatively impacted over time by legal, regulatory and judicial action and changes to the political environment may increase the likelihood, scale and velocity of regulatory or legislative changes that would impact us. If access to healthcare is significantly altered or if other reforms limiting access to healthcare are enacted in the future, such changes could impact our business in a number of ways, some of which may be material. Considerable uncertainty exists surrounding the continued development of the healthcare regulatory and legislative environment including pilot programs and models, as well as similar healthcare reform measures and/or other changes or extensions to laws, regulations and other requirements at the federal and/or state level that govern our business. The regulatory environment may also be impacted by recent legal decisions at all levels of the federal judicial system that could have a material impact on our business. For example, the 
Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo 
U.S. Supreme Court decision in June 2024 may impact current and prospective regulatory policies, including those promulgated by CMS and other agencies with significant oversight of the healthcare industry, and subject those policies to increased litigation and judicial scrutiny. Any resulting changes in regulation or enforcement may result in unexpected delays, increased costs, or other negative impacts on our business that are difficult to predict. 

Changes to the continuously evolving healthcare regulatory landscape may also have the potential to generate opportunities with relative ease of entry for certain different and/or non-traditional providers and we may be competing with them for patients in an asymmetrical environment with respect to reimbursement rates, data and/or regulatory requirements or obligations given our status as an ESRD service provider and relative scale. For example, CMS may consider opening for comment its established Medicare ESRD conditions for coverage. In the event that this process results in reductions or other changes in minimum health and safety standards for the provision of dialysis services, it may change the marketplace in which we operate. If we are unable to successfully adapt to these marketplace developments in a timely and compliant manner, we may experience a material adverse reduction in our overall number of patients, among other things. For additional detail on our 

29

evolving competitive environment, see the risk factor under the heading "
If we are unable to compete successfully...
" Broader changes to the regulatory landscape may also impact our business. For example, on May 7, 2024, the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) published in the federal register a final rule that would generally ban all post-employment non-compete clauses with employees and prohibit employers from enforcing existing non-compete clauses in contracts with workers, with limited exceptions. On August 20, 2024, a federal court issued an injunction against the rule, preventing the FTC from enforcing it nationwide. As result, the FTC cannot implement or enforce its rule against any employer without violating the nationwide ban. The FTC has appealed this decision. Even though the rule has been enjoined, many state legislatures continue to introduce legislation that seeks to place similar limitations on restrictive covenants. While few of these states have passed legislation that has directly affected our business, it is possible that new legislation could be introduced in the future. We are continuing to assess the potential impact of the rule as well as Congressional and state legislative efforts on our business. Such efforts, if successful, could have an adverse impact on, among other things, our agreements with teammates, our arrangements with medical directors, or the terms of our existing agreements with physicians. Any failure on our part to adequately adjust to any state regulations or future federal or state regulations and the potential impact thereof could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, and reputation.

Although we cannot predict the short- or long-term effects of any legislative or regulatory changes, future market changes could result in, among other things, more restrictive commercial plans with lower reimbursement rates or higher deductibles and co-payments that patients may not be able to pay. Because our revenue and operating income levels are highly sensitive to the percentage and number of our patients with higher-paying commercial health insurance, any legislative, regulatory or other changes that decrease the accessibility and availability, including the duration, of commercial insurance is likely to have a material adverse impact on our business. For additional information on the impact of economic conditions or legislative or regulatory changes on the coverage and rates for our services and the percentage or number of our patients with commercial insurance, see the risk factor under the heading "
If the number or percentage of patients with higher-paying commercial insurance declines..."

There have also been several state initiatives to limit payments to dialysis providers, impose other burdensome operational requirements or prescribe wage levels. Depending on the extent of the limitations, burdens or prescriptions of such initiatives, the passage of such initiatives into law could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operation, financial condition and cash flow. For example, California Senate Bill No. 525 (SB 525), which raised the minimum wage for many California healthcare workers, went into effect in October 2024. We may continue to face other proposed regulations or legislation or ballot initiatives in various states in future years, which, if passed, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Finally, there have 
also
 been rule making and legislative efforts at both the federal and state level regarding the use of charitable premium assistance for ESRD patients. For example, as described in Part I Item 1. "
Business
" under the heading "
Government Regulation,
" certain provisions of California bill (AB 290), including the amount of reimbursement paid to certain providers for services provided to patients with commercial insurance who receive charitable premium assistance (reimbursement cap), could have negative consequences on our business if implemented in its proposed form. Depending on what provisions are implemented, organizations that provide charitable premium assistance may choose to withdraw from California, which would have an adverse impact on the ability of patients to afford Medicare premiums and Medicare supplemental and commercial coverage. We expect that such an adverse impact will in turn adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In the past, bills similar to AB 290 have been introduced in other states, but none has become law. If these or similar bills are introduced and implemented in other jurisdictions, and organizations that provide charitable premium assistance in those jurisdictions are similarly impacted, it could in the aggregate have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For additional information on risks associated with charitable premium assistance for ESRD patients and the potential impact of decreases to the percentage or number of our patients with commercial insurance, see the risk factor under the heading 
"If the number or percentage of patients with higher-paying commercial insurance declines..."

Among other things, legislation, regulations, regulatory guidance, ballot initiatives and any similar initiatives could result in a reduction in the percentage of our patients with commercial insurance; limit the scope or nature of coverage through the healthcare exchanges established by the ACA or other health insurance programs or otherwise reduce reimbursement rates for our services from commercial and/or government payors; restrict or prohibit the ability of patients with access to alternative coverage from selecting a marketplace plan on or off exchange; limit the amount of revenue that a dialysis provider can retain for caring for patients with commercial insurance; impose burdensome operational requirements; affect payments made to providers for services provided to patients who receive charitable premium assistance and/or otherwise restrict or prohibit the use of charitable premium assistance; or reduce the standards for network adequacy or require disclosure of certain pricing and patient responsibility information. In turn, these potential impacts could cause us to incur substantial costs to oppose any such proposed requirements or measures, impact our dialysis center development plans, and if passed and/or implemented, could materially reduce our revenues and increase our operating and other costs, adversely impact dialysis centers across the U.S. 

30

making certain centers economically unviable, lead to the closure of certain centers, restrict the ability of dialysis patients to obtain and maintain optimal insurance coverage and reduce the number of patients that select commercial insurance plans or Medicare Advantage (MA) plans for their dialysis care, among other things. For additional details regarding insurance coverage for dialysis services, see the discussion in the risk factor under the heading 
"If the number or percentage of patients with higher-paying commercial insurance declines..." 
The healthcare legislative and regulatory environment is dynamic and evolving, and any such proposed or issued laws, requirements, rules and guidance could impact our business, including as may be described above, and any failure on our part to adequately adjust to any resulting marketplace developments or regulatory compliance requirements, may, among other things, erode our patient base or reimbursement rates and could otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

To the extent that the information above describes statutory and regulatory provisions, it is qualified in its entirety by reference to the particular statutory and regulatory provisions that are referenced. For additional information related to the laws, rules and other regulations described above, see Part I Item 1. "
Business
" under the heading "
Government Regulation.
"

We are, and may in the future be, a party to various lawsuits, demands, claims, 
qui tam
 suits, governmental investigations and audits and other legal matters, any of which could result in, among other things, substantial financial penalties

or awards against us, mandated refunds, substantial payments made by us, required changes to our business practices, exclusion from future participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other healthcare programs and possible criminal penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and stock price.

We are, and may in the future be, subject to investigations and audits by governmental agencies, private civil 
qui tam
 complaints filed by relators and other lawsuits, demands, claims, legal proceedings and/or other actions alleging our failure to comply with a rule, regulation, law or practice of medicine. We are, and can be in the future, subject to audits from the government concerning the billing for our patients.

If, following the conclusion of any audit, the government were to require us to refund amounts and/or modify our business practices, and such amounts or changes are significant, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The healthcare industry is highly visible and politically charged, and any allegation against us, our personnel, representatives, third party vendors, or operations in such matters or matters that involve patients suffering adverse health outcomes, may, among other things harm our reputation, stock price, and it could impact our relationships and/or contracts related to our business, among other things. Each of these impacts may be material. 

Responding to subpoenas, investigations and other lawsuits, claims and legal proceedings, as well as defending ourselves in such matters, will continue to require management's attention and cause us to incur significant legal expense. Negative developments, findings or terms and conditions that we might agree to accept as part of a negotiated resolution of pending or future legal or regulatory matters, or have been forced upon us, could result in, among other things, harm to our reputation, substantial financial penalties or awards against us, substantial payments made by us, required changes to our business practices, impacts on our various relationships and/or contracts related to our business, exclusion from future participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other healthcare programs and, in certain cases, criminal penalties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on us. It is possible that criminal proceedings may be initiated against us and/or individuals in our business in connection with governmental investigations. Other than as may be described in Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report, we cannot predict the ultimate outcomes of the various legal proceedings and regulatory matters to which we are or may be subject from time to time, or the timing of their resolution or the ultimate losses or impact of developments in those matters, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows, reputation and stock price. See Note 15 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report for further details regarding these and other legal proceedings and regulatory matters.

If the number or percentage of patients with higher-paying commercial insurance declines, if the average rates that commercial payors pay us decline, if commercial plans subject patients to restriction in plan designs, or if we are unable to maintain contracts with payors with competitive terms, including, without limitation, reimbursement rates, scope and duration of coverage and in-network benefits, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

A substantial portion of our U.S. dialysis patient service revenues are generated from patients who have commercial payors as their primary payor. The majority of these patients have insurance policies that pay us on terms and at rates that are generally significantly higher than Medicare rates. As such our revenue and net income levels are sensitive to the number of our patients with higher-paying commercial insurance coverage and the percentage of our patients under higher-paying commercial plans relative to government-based programs. The payments we receive from commercial payors generate nearly all of our profit and all of our nonacute dialysis profits come from commercial payors. 

31

When traditional or original Medicare (Medicare) becomes the primary payor for a patient, the payment rate we receive for that patient decreases from the employer group health plan or commercial plan rate to the lower Medicare payment rate. There are a number of factors that could drive a decline in the number or percentage of our patients covered under commercial insurance plans, including, among other things, improved mortality, changes in the patient's or a family member's employment status, reduced availability of commercial health plans or reduced coverage by such plans through the ACA exchanges or otherwise due to changes to the laws, marketplace, healthcare regulatory system or otherwise. For example, certain premium tax credits available to patients who purchase health insurance on marketplaces developed under the ACA are scheduled to expire at the end of 2025 unless extended or made permanent by legislative action. The potential expiration of these tax credits may significantly reduce the affordability of commercial insurance plans, leading to fewer patients covered by such plans. This may, in turn, result in more patients shifting to Medicare or other government-based program, further decreasing the percentage of patients covered under commercial insurance plans. Commercial payors could also cease paying in the primary position after providing 30 months of coverage resulting in potentially material reductions in payment as the patient moves to Medicare primary. Declining macroeconomic conditions could also negatively impact the percentage of our patients covered under commercial insurance plans. To the extent there are job losses in the U.S., we could experience a decrease in the number of patients covered under commercial plans and/or an increase in uninsured and underinsured patients independent of whether general economic conditions improve. If we experience higher numbers of uninsured or underinsured patients, it also would result in an increase in uncollectible accounts.

Our arrangements and negotiations with payors also impact the number or percentage of patients with higher-paying commercial insurance. We continuously are in the process of negotiating existing and potential new agreements with commercial payors who aggressively negotiate terms with us, and we can make no assurances about the ultimate results of these negotiations or the timing of any potential rate changes resulting from these negotiations. A material portion of both our commercial revenue and MA revenue is concentrated with a limited number of commercial payors, and any changes impacting our highest paying commercial payors or our relationships with these payors will have a disproportionate impact on us. Sometimes many significant agreements are being renegotiated at the same time. We believe payor consolidations have significantly increased the negotiating leverage of commercial payors, and ongoing consolidations may continue to increase this leverage in the future. In addition, our agreements and rates with commercial payors may be impacted by new business activities of these commercial payors as well as steps that these commercial payors have taken and may continue to take to control the cost of and/or the eligibility for access to the services that we provide, including, without limitation, relative to products on and off the healthcare exchanges. These efforts could impact the number of our patients who are eligible to enroll in commercial insurance plans, and remain on the plans, including plans offered through healthcare exchanges. We continue to experience downward pressure on some of our rates with commercial payors as a result of these and other general conditions in the market, including, among other things, as employers seek to shift to less expensive options for medical services or as commercial payors dedicate increased focus on dialysis services.

Our negotiations with commercial payors may relate to commercial fee-for-service contracts and value-based care (VBC) contracts in which we share risk with commercial payors or other structures that allow the parties to share in cost savings upon the achievement of certain outcomes, as well as contracts to provide dialysis services to MA patients. If we fail to maintain contracts with payors and other healthcare providers with competitive or favorable terms, either with respect to commercial plans, commercial VBC contracts, MA plans or otherwise, including, without limitation, with respect to reimbursement rates, scope and duration of coverage and in-network benefits, contract term or termination rights, or if we fail to accurately estimate the price for and manage our medical costs in an effective manner, whether due to inflationary pressures or otherwise, such that the profitability of our commercial or other value-based products is negatively impacted, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. The ultimate result of our negotiations with payors cannot be predicted as they occur in a highly competitive environment and are influenced by changes to payment rates set by CMS and other marketplace dynamics such as those previously discussed. Among other things, these negotiations may result in termination or non-renewals of existing agreements, decreases in contracted rates, and reduction in the number of our patients that are covered by commercial plans, and we may not be able to enter into new agreements on competitive terms or at all. In the event that our ongoing negotiations with commercial payors result in overall rate reductions in excess of overall rate increases, the cumulative effect could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, to the extent that these negotiations result in a reduction in the number of our patients covered by plans with commercial payors, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

Certain payors have been attempting to design and implement plans that restrict or limit coverage for treatment needed by ESRD patients in the commercial market. Among other things, these restrictive plan designs seek to limit the duration and/or the breadth of ESRD benefits, limit in-network providers, set arbitrary provider reimbursement rates, or otherwise restrict access to care, all of which may result in a decrease in the number of patients covered by commercial insurance or the reimbursement rate for ESRD services, among other things. Payors have also disputed the scope and duration of ESRD benefit 

32

coverage under their plans, and, among other things, have required patients to seek Medicare coverage for ESRD treatments. On June 21, 2022, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a decision in the matter of 
Marietta Memorial Hospital Employee Health Benefit Plan, et al. v. DaVita Inc., et al., 
a case evaluating the current language of the Medicare Secondary Payor Act (MSPA), deciding that a group health plan that limits the benefits for outpatient dialysis, but does so uniformly for all plan participants, does not violate the terms of the MSPA because the plan treats all patients uniformly, regardless of whether a participant has ESRD and regardless of whether the participant is eligible for Medicare. We cannot reasonably estimate the ultimate impact of the U.S. Supreme Court’s decision at this time, as there is significant uncertainty as to, among other things, whether and to what extent payors, including, among others employer group health plans, may seek to design and implement plans to restrict access to ESRD in light of the decision; the results of proposed and pending legislative responses to the decision; how courts will interpret other anti-discriminatory provisions of the MSPA that may apply; whether there could be other potential negative impacts of the decision and any resultant plan behavior on our commercial or government mix or the number of our patients covered by commercial insurance; and the timing of each of these items. If more commercial or employer group health plans seek to implement or utilize plan designs that discourage or prevent ESRD patients from retaining their commercial coverage, during upcoming open enrollment periods or otherwise, it may lead to a decrease in the number of patients with commercial plans, the duration of benefits for patients under commercial plans and/or a decrease in the payment rates we receive, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

In addition, some commercial payors are pursuing or have incorporated policies into their provider manuals limiting or refusing to accept charitable premium assistance from non-profit organizations, such as the American Kidney Fund (AKF), which may impact the number of patients who are able to afford commercial plans. Paying for coverage is a significant financial burden for many patients, and ESRD disproportionately affects the low-income population. Charitable premium assistance supports continuity of coverage and access to care for patients, many of whom are unable to continue working full-time as a result of their severe health condition. Many patients with commercial and government insurance also rely on financial assistance from charitable organizations, such as the AKF. Certain payors have challenged our patients' and other providers' patients' ability to utilize assistance from charitable organizations for the payment of premiums, including, without limitation, through litigation and other legal proceedings. The use of charitable premium assistance for ESRD patients has also faced challenges and inquiries from legislators, regulators and other governmental authorities, including California AB 290 as described in the risk factor under the heading, "
Changes in federal and state legislation or regulations...
", and this may continue. In addition, CMS or another regulatory agency or legislative authority may issue a new rule or guidance that challenges or restricts charitable premium assistance. If any of these challenges to kidney patients' use of premium assistance is successful or restrictions are imposed on the use of financial assistance from such charitable organizations or if organizations providing such assistance are no longer available such that kidney patients are unable to obtain, or continue to receive or receive for a limited duration, such financial assistance, it may restrict the ability of dialysis patients to obtain and maintain optimal insurance coverage and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, if our assumptions about how kidney patients will respond to any change in financial assistance from charitable organizations are incorrect, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Our negotiations and relationships with payors may also be impacted by legislative or regulatory developments and associated legal rulings. For example, the final rules for the Cures Act, which are described in detail in Part I Item 1. "
Business
" under the heading "
Government Regulation,
"

broadened ESRD patient access to certain enhanced benefits offered by MA plans. While these rules increased our MA plan enrollment for ESRD benefits in their first year, the potential ultimate impact of this change in benefit eligibility remains subject to change as market participants continue to adjust to this regulatory environment, including such changes as, for example, the overall increases in MA plan enrollment for ESRD benefits or the removal of objective time and distance standards for network adequacy for outpatient dialysis centers. In addition, the ultimate impact of the price transparency regulations and "Good Faith Estimate" (GFE) requirements described in Part I Item 1. "
Business
" under the heading "
Government Regulation," 
remains uncertain at this time, in part due to ongoing rulemaking around the No Surprises Act as well as the delayed effective date of certain provisions of the GFE framework, and uncertainty around operational timeframes, potential penalties and patient reaction, among other things. While the ultimate impact of these requirements and the aforementioned price transparency rules remains uncertain, any changes by group health plans, health insurance issuers in the group and individual markets, or consumer choices resulting from these requirements could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, and financial condition, and could materially harm our reputation. For additional details regarding these regulations and potential legislative or regulatory changes, the specific risks we face in connection with these regulations, and any decrease in payments we receive for services due to, for example, fewer patients being covered under commercial plans or an increase of patients covered under more restrictive commercial plans, or plans with lower reimbursement rates, see the discussion in the risk factor under the heading 
"Changes in federal and state legislation or regulations...
"

33

As noted, the foregoing dynamics of our arrangements and negotiations with commercial payors each may have an impact on, among other things, our ability to enter into and maintain contracts with payors with competitive terms, including, without limitation, reimbursement rates, scope and duration of coverage and in-network benefits as well as the number or percentage of our patients with higher-paying commercial insurance. If, as a result of these or other dynamics, we experience a decline in the average rates that commercial payors pay us or a reduction in the number of patients with ESRD coverage under higher-paying commercial plans either in total or relative to the number of patients under government-based programs that pay at lower rates or an increase in the number of patients that are uninsured or underinsured, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

If we are not able to successfully implement our strategy with respect to our integrated kidney care and value-based care initiatives, including maintaining our existing business and further developing our capabilities in a complex and highly regulated environment, 
it could result in a loss of our investments and have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and could materially harm our reputation
.

Our integrated kidney care business manages patients and coordinates their care through value-based care arrangements with commercial payors and through government programs. We have continued to grow this portion of our business both with commercial payors, including as MA has expanded, and with government programs as CMS and CMMI implement new payment models focused on comprehensive and integrated kidney care. A
s part of our growth strategy, we have invested and expect to continue to invest substantial resources in the further development of our integrated care business and value-based care initiatives. There can be no assurances that we will be able to successfully implement our strategies with respect to integrated kidney care and value-based care in a complex, evolving and highly competitive and regulated environment, including, among other things, executing on initiatives to reduce the overall cost of care for our IKC patients; maintaining our existing business; recovering our investments; entering into agreements with payors, physicians, third party vendors and others on competitive terms, as appropriate, that prove actuarially sound; structuring these agreements and arrangements to comply with evolving rules and regulations, including, among other things, rules 
and regulations related to fraud and abuse and the use of protected health information. Implementing our expanded integrated kidney care strategies and value-based care initiatives at scale also increases certain execution and compliance risks associated with developing our operational, IT, billing and telehealth systems, including our ability to accurately capture relevant patient care data, among other things. 
For additional details on risks associated with information systems and new technology generally, see the risk factor under the heading 
"Failing to effectively maintain, operate or upgrade our information systems or those of third-party service providers upon which we rely..."

Emerging entrants are pursuing opportunities to participate in the CMMI payment models as well as broader risk arrangements with other payors, and with increasing investment and funding, these emerging entrants may adopt strategies that increase our costs to participate in these payment models and/or adversely impact our ability to enter into competitive arrangements with payors, physicians and hospitals. In addition, they may have the ability to operate without regard to regulations to which we comply. For additional detail on our evolving competitive environment, see the risk factor under the heading 
"If we are unable to compete successfully..." 
If any of these or other of our integrated kidney care and value-based care initiatives are unsuccessful, it could result in a loss of our investments and have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, could adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and could materially harm our reputation.

In addition, future legislative or regulatory action related to, among other things, existing or future integrated kidney care initiatives, including among others, CMMI payment models, and/or full capitation demonstration
 for ESRD may impact our ability to provide a competitive and successful integrated care program at scale. There can be no assurances that any other legislation or regulation that aligns with our strategy and investments will be extended, passed into law or enacted. Additionally, the ultimate terms and conditions of any potential legislative or regulatory action impacting integrated kidney care, full capitation demonstrations or the existing CMMI payment models remain unclear. For example, the CKCC program is a 5-year demonstration that launched in 2022. CMMI continues to monitor the performance of these and other kidney care payment models, and there is no assurance that this program will be extended or modified in the future and, among other things, our costs of care could exceed our associated reimbursement rates under such legislation or regulation. Irrespective of whether such laws are passed or regulations enacted, there can be no assurances that we will be able to successfully execute on the required strategic initiatives that would allow us to maintain a competitive and successful integrated care program on a broad scale, and in the desired time frame. Any failure on our part to adequately implement strategic initiatives, including to adjust to any marketplace developments resulting from executive, legislative, regulatory or administrative changes, could have a material adverse impact on our business.

34

If we are not able to successfully implement our strategy with respect to home-based dialysis, including maintaining our existing business and further developing our capabilities in a complex and highly regulated environment, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and could materially harm our reputation.

Our home-based dialysis services, which include home hemodialysis and peritoneal dialysis (PD), represented approximately 19% of our U.S. dialysis patient service revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024, and have increasingly become an important part of our overall strategy. In addition, home-based dialysis recently has been the subject of increased legislative, regulatory, political and industry focus. For example, in connection with the 2019 Executive Order, HHS set out specific goals related to home dialysis and CMMI’s ESRD Treatment Choices (ETC) mandatory payment model and voluntary payment models included new incentives to encourage dialysis at home. CMS subsequently finalized changes to the ETC model and other regulations to encourage dialysis facilities and healthcare providers to seek to decrease disparities in health outcomes across racial and socioeconomic status in rates of home dialysis and kidney transplants among ESRD patients. CMS also regulates home dialysis under the ESRD Prospective Payment System (PPS) rule. Under this, CMS recently finalized a proposal to allow payment for acute kidney injury (AKI) renal dialysis services furnished to beneficiaries in their home and the agency will permit ESRD facilities to bill Medicare for the home and self-dialysis training add-on payment adjustment for beneficiaries with AKI. We are a leader in home-based dialysis and have made investments in processes and infrastructure to continue to grow this modality. There are, however, risks associated with this growth, including, among other things, financial, legal, regulatory and operational risks related to our ability to design and develop infrastructure and to plan for capacity in a modality that is part of an evolving marketplace. For example, there is a limited number of available suppliers for certain critical home-based dialysis supplies, including key products provided by a supplier that was impacted by a severe weather event in 2024. As described further in the risk factor under the heading, "
If certain of our suppliers and service providers…
," any disruptions involving such supplies could materially impact our operations and require significant resources or operational changes in response.

We may also be subject to associated risks related to our ability to successfully manage related operational initiatives, find, train and retain appropriate staff, contract with payors for appropriate reimbursement, and maintain processes to adhere to the complex regulatory and legal requirements, including without limitation those associated with billing Medicare. For additional detail on risks associated with operating in a highly regulated environment, see the risk factor under the heading "
Our business is subject to a complex set of governmental laws, regulations and other requirements..."
 In addition to the above risks, certain risks inherent to home-based dialysis will increase as we expand our home-based dialysis offerings, including risks related to managing transitions between in-center and home-based dialysis, billing and telehealth systems, among others. For additional detail on risks associated with information systems and new technology generally, see the risk factor under the heading "
Failing to effectively maintain, operate or upgrade our information systems or those of third-party service providers upon which we rely..
."

An increased focus on home-based dialysis is also indicative of the generally evolving market for kidney care. This developing market may create additional opportunities for competition with relative ease of entry, and if we are unable to successfully adapt to these or other marketplace developments, which, among other things, may include regulatory changes with respect to conditions of coverage, in a timely and compliant manner, we may experience a material adverse impact on our growth in home-based dialysis or a reduction in our overall number of patients, among other things. For additional detail on the competitive landscape in kidney care, see the risk factor under the heading 
"If we are unable to compete successfully..."
 If we are not able to successfully implement our strategy with respect to home-based dialysis, including maintaining our existing business and further developing our capabilities in a complex and highly regulated environment, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and could materially harm our reputation.

Changes in the structure of and payment rates under the Medicare ESRD or Medicare Advantage programs or changes in state Medicaid or other non-Medicare government-based programs or payment rates could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

A substantial portion of our dialysis revenues are generated from patients who have Medicare or MA as their primary payor. For patients with Medicare coverage, payments for dialysis treatments are currently made under a single bundled payment rate which provides a fixed payment rate to encompass all goods and services provided during the dialysis treatment that are related to the treatment of dialysis, subject to certain adjustments. Most lab services are also included in the bundled payment. 

Under the ESRD PPS, bundled payments to a dialysis facility may be reduced by as much as 2% based on the facility's performance in specified quality measures set annually by CMS through the ESRD Quality Incentive Program, which was established by the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008. The bundled payment rate is also adjusted 

35

for certain patient characteristics, a geographic usage index, a wage index and certain other factors. In addition, the ESRD PPS is subject to rebasing, which can have a positive financial effect, or a negative one if the government fails to rebase in a manner that adequately addresses the costs borne by dialysis facilities. Similarly, as new drugs, services or labs are added to the ESRD bundle, CMS' failure to adequately calculate or fund the costs associated with the drugs, services or labs could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In certain instances, new injectable, intravenous or oral products may be reimbursed separately from the bundled payment for a defined period of time through a transitional drug add-on payment adjustment (TDAPA). For a discussion of certain risks associated with this transitional pricing process, see the risk factor under the heading, "
Changes in clinical practices, payment rates or regulations impacting pharmaceuticals and/or devices..."

The current bundled payment system presents certain operating, clinical and financial risks, which include, without limitation:

•
Risk that our reimbursement rates are reduced by CMS or are otherwise inadequate. CMS publishes a final rule for the ESRD PPS each year and uncertainty about future payment rates remains a material risk to our business.

•
Risk that CMS, on its own or through its contracted Medicare Administrative Contractors (MACs) or otherwise, implements Local Coverage Determinations (LCDs) or implements payment provisions, policy or regulatory mandates, including changes to the existing or future PPS, that limit our ability to either be paid for covered dialysis services or bill for treatments or other drugs and services or other rules that may impact reimbursement. Such payment rules and regulations and coverage determinations or related decisions could have an adverse impact on our operations and revenue. There is also risk that commercial insurers could seek to incorporate the requirements or limitations associated with such LCDs or CMS guidance into their contracted terms with dialysis providers, which could have an adverse impact on our revenue. 

•
Risk that a MAC, or multiple MACs, change their interpretations of existing regulations, manual provisions and/or guidance, or seek to implement or enforce new interpretations that are inconsistent with how we have interpreted existing regulations, manual provisions and/or guidance.

•
Risk that CMS implements data and related reporting requirements that result in decreased reimbursement and/or increased technology and operational costs and/or creates brand risk.

•
Risk that increases in our operating costs will outpace the Medicare rate increases we receive. We expect operating costs to continue to increase due to inflationary factors, such as increases in labor and supply costs, including, without limitation, increases in maintenance costs and capital expenditures to improve, renovate and maintain our facilities, equipment and information technology to meet changing regulatory requirements and business needs, regardless of whether there is a compensating inflation-based increase in Medicare payment rates or in payments under the bundled payment rate system. 

•
Risk of continued federal budget sequestration cuts or other disruptions in federal government operations and funding. As a result of the Budget Control Act of 2011, the Bipartisan Budget Act (BBA) and subsequent legislation, an annual reduction (currently 2%) to Medicare payments took effect on April 1, 2013, and has been extended into 2032. These across-the-board spending cuts have affected and will continue to adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Any extended disruption in federal government operations and funding, including an extended government shutdown, U.S. government debt default and/or failure of the U.S. government to enact annual appropriations could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Additionally, disruptions in federal government operations may delay or negatively impact regulatory approvals and guidance that are important to our operations, and create uncertainty about the pace of upcoming regulatory developments.

•
Risk that failure to adequately develop and maintain our clinical or other operational systems or failure of our clinical or operational systems to operate effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For example, in connection with claims for which at least part of the government's payments to us is based on clinical performance or patient outcomes or co-morbidities, if our clinical systems fail to accurately capture the data we report to CMS or we otherwise have data integrity issues with respect to the reported information, we might be over-reimbursed by the government, which could, among other things, subject us to liability exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs and penalties under the federal Civil Monetary Penalty statute, and could adversely impact our reputation. 

36

As described above, we also contract with commercial payors that administer MA plans to provide their members with Medicare Part A, Part B and/or Part D benefits. Our MA business presents similar operating, clinical and financial risks as those related to the bundled payment system, which include, without limitation: 

•
Risk that reimbursement rates for the MA program are reduced by CMS or are otherwise inadequate and that payors, therefore, reduce our rates and/or fund us less for services rendered. CMS publishes a final rule for MA program rates each year and uncertainty about future payment rates remains a material risk to our business, particularly as our MA enrollment increases. 

•
Risk of ensuring that we remain compliant with applicable MA requirements, inclusive of MA marketing and education requirements and restrictions, as well as our contractual terms with associated plans, as our initiatives associated with MA (including chronic condition special needs and dual eligible special needs plans) continue to evolve and progress. Failure to do so could resolve in termination of agreements with plans as well as enforcement by state and federal agencies for violation of insurance, consumer protection and fraud and abuse laws and regulations.

In addition to the above risks under the current Medicare ESRD and MA programs, changing legislation and other regulatory and executive developments have led and may continue to lead to the emergence of new models of care and other initiatives in both the government and private sector that, among other things, may impact the structure of, and payment rates under, the Medicare ESRD and MA programs. Moreover, the number of our patients with primary Medicare coverage may be subject to change, particularly with the effectiveness of the Cures Act, which allows Medicare-eligible individuals with ESRD to enroll in MA managed care plans. For additional details regarding the risks we face for failing to adhere to our Medicare, MA and Medicaid regulatory compliance obligations or failing to adequately implement strategic initiatives to adjust to marketplace developments, see the risk factors above under the headings "
Our business is subject to a complex set of governmental laws, regulations and other requirements...;" 
and
 "Changes in federal and state legislation or regulations..." 
Finally, increased political pressures to reduce government spending, including potential cuts to Medicare funding, may create additional risks to payment rates and the structure of the Medicare ESRD and MA programs. For additional information on the impact of potential reduced government spending, see the risk factor under the heading 
"External conditions, including those related to general economic, marketplace and global health conditions..."

Primary coverage for a significant number of our patients also comes from state Medicaid programs partially funded by the federal government and we have patients covered by other non-Medicare government-based programs, such as coverage through the Department of Veterans Affairs (VA). As state governments and other governmental organizations face increasing financial hardship and budgetary pressure, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or changes in the political environment, we may in turn face reductions in payment rates, delays in the receipt of payments, limitations on enrollee eligibility or other changes to the applicable programs. For example, certain state Medicaid programs and the VA have recently considered, proposed or implemented payment rate reductions, such as the VA's proposed adoption of Medicare's bundled PPS pricing methodology for any veterans receiving treatment from non-VA providers under a national contracting initiative. Since we are a non-VA provider, these reimbursements are tied to a percentage of Medicare reimbursement, and we have exposure to any dialysis reimbursement changes made by CMS. In addition, in 2019 and subsequently renewed, we entered into a Nationwide Dialysis Services contract with the VA that includes five separate one-year renewal periods throughout the term of the contract. The term structure is similar to our prior five-year agreement with the VA, and is consistent with VA practice for similar provider agreements. With this contract award, the VA has agreed to keep our percentage of Medicare reimbursement consistent with that under our prior agreement with the VA during the term of the contract. As with that prior agreement, this agreement provides the VA with the right to terminate the agreements without cause on short notice, among other things. The current contract expires at the end of September 2025. Should the VA renegotiate, not renew or cancel these agreements for any reason, we may cease accepting patients under this program and may be forced to close centers or experience lower reimbursement rates, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

State Medicaid programs are increasingly adopting Medicare-like bundled payment systems, but sometimes these payment systems are poorly defined and are implemented without any claims processing infrastructure, or patient or facility adjusters. If these payment systems are implemented without any adjusters and claims processing infrastructure, Medicaid payments will be substantially reduced and the costs to submit such claims may increase, which will have a negative impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. In addition, some state Medicaid program eligibility requirements mandate that citizen enrollees in such programs provide documented proof of citizenship. If our patients cannot meet these proof of citizenship documentation requirements, they may be denied coverage under these programs, resulting in decreased patient volumes and revenue. These Medicaid payment and enrollment changes, along with similar changes to other non-Medicare government programs, could reduce the rates paid by these programs for dialysis and related services, delay the 

37

receipt of payment for services provided and further limit eligibility for coverage which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Our business is labor intensive and if our labor costs continue to rise, including due to shortages, changes in certification requirements and/or higher than normal turnover rates in skilled clinical personnel; or currently pending or future governmental laws, rules, regulations or initiatives impose additional requirements or limitations on our operations or profitability; or, if we are unable to attract and retain employees or key leadership positions; or if union organizing activities or legislative or other changes result in significant increases in our operating costs or decreases in productivity, we may experience disruptions in our business operations and increases in operating expenses, among other things, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and reputation.

We face increasing labor costs generally, and in particular, we continue to face increased labor costs and difficulties in hiring skilled clinical personnel, including nurses, due to a nationwide shortage of such personnel that has been exacerbated by current macroeconomic conditions and developments in the labor market. As referenced above, the current labor market is challenging and continues to experience volatility, uncertainty and labor supply shortages, particularly in healthcare. Our business is labor intensive, and our financial and operating results have been and continue to be sensitive to variations in labor-related costs, productivity and the number of pending or potential claims against us related to labor and employment practices. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur increased labor costs, including through elevated compensation levels to our teammates, the ultimate extent of which will depend on current macroeconomic conditions and ancillary impacts on the labor market, among other things. For additional discussion of the risks facing us related to the current labor environment, see the risk factor under the heading 
"External conditions, including those related to general economic, marketplace and global health conditions..." 
Additionally, to the extent that general inflationary pressures continue or further increase, this may in turn increase our labor and supply costs at a rate that outpaces the Medicare or any other rate increases we may receive. 

We compete for nurses with hospitals and other healthcare providers. The ongoing nursing shortage may limit our ability to expand our operations. Furthermore, changes in certification requirements can impact our ability to maintain sufficient staff levels, including to the extent our teammates are not able to meet new requirements, among other things. In addition, if we experience a higher than normal turnover rate for our skilled clinical personnel, our operations and treatment growth may be negatively impacted, which could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For example, in 2024, we again had significant teammate turnover, particularly amongst teammates in their first year, which led to increased training costs, among other things. 

We also face competition in attracting and retaining talent for key leadership positions that are responsible for developing and executing the Company's business strategy and operational initiatives. Increased competition for top leadership talent in our industry and general marketplace conditions, including recent negative publicity and events surrounding the healthcare industry, could also impact our ability to attract and retain qualified leaders. If we are unable to attract and retain qualified individuals, including with respect to our leadership team, we may experience disruptions in our business operations, including, without limitation, our ability to achieve strategic goals, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and reputation.

Political or other efforts at the national or local level could result in actions or proposals that increase the likelihood of success of union organizing activities at our facilities and ongoing union organizing activities at our facilities could continue or increase for other reasons. Our industry has also experienced increased union organizing activities. For example, union petitions have been filed in nine of our clinics in California and eight of these petitions are in different stages of the voting process and have been subject to legal challenges. We also have experienced a week-long attempted union-related work stoppage in these eight clinics, which concluded without impacting our ability to provide patient care. Regardless of the outcome of the ongoing elections, other teammates at other clinics may file similar petitions in the future, and these petitions, if filed, may lead to additional elections. If a significant portion of our teammates were to become unionized, we could experience, among other things, potential additional work stoppages or other business disruptions; adverse impacts to our financial results due to the costs of bargaining or implementing a grievance procedure and processing grievances; decreases in our operational flexibility and efficiency; or negative impacts on our employee culture. In addition, we are and may continue to be subject to targeted corporate campaigns by union organizers in response to which we have been and expect to continue to be required to expend substantial resources, both time and financial. Any of these events or circumstances, including our responses to such events or circumstances, could have a material adverse effect on our employee relations, treatment growth, productivity, business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and reputation.

38

Privacy and information security laws are complex, and if we fail to comply with applicable laws, regulations and standards, including with respect to third-party service providers that utilize sensitive personal information on our behalf, or if we fail to properly maintain the integrity of our data, protect our proprietary rights to our systems or defend against cybersecurity attacks, we may be subject to government or private actions due to privacy and security breaches or suffer losses to our data and information technology assets, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows or materially harm our reputation.

We must comply with numerous federal and state laws and regulations in both the U.S. and the foreign jurisdictions in which we operate governing the collection, dissemination, access, use, security and privacy of PHI. In the U.S., these regulations include, without limitation, HIPAA and its implementing privacy, security, and related regulations, as amended by the federal Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH) and collectively referred to as HIPAA. We are also required to report known breaches of PHI and other certain personal information consistent with applicable breach reporting requirements set forth in applicable laws and regulations. From time to time, we may be subject to both federal and state inquiries or audits related to HIPAA, HITECH and other state privacy laws associated with complaints, desk audits, and data breaches. Requirements under HIPAA also continue to evolve. Globally, these regulations include, but are not limited to, European Union (EU) General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), the United Kingdom GDPR, the EU Artificial Intelligence Act, the EU Data Act and the EU Health Data Space Regulation. If we fail to comply with applicable privacy and security laws, regulations and standards, including with respect to third-party service providers that utilize sensitive personal information, including PHI, or financial information or payroll data on our behalf or with respect to the use of certain third-party digital advertising technologies, or if we fail to properly maintain the integrity of our data, protect our proprietary rights, or defend against cybersecurity attacks, it could materially harm our reputation and/or have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. These risks may be intensified to the extent that the laws change or to the extent that we increase our use of third-party service providers that utilize sensitive personal information, including PHI, on our behalf.

Data protection laws are evolving globally, and may continue to add additional compliance costs and legal risks to our international operations. For more details on certain international data protection laws and regulations affecting our business, see Part I Item 1. "
Business
" under the heading 
"Government Regulation."
 The costs of compliance with, and other burdens imposed by these international data protection laws and regulations and other new laws, regulations and policies implementing these regulations may impact our international operations and may limit the ways in which we can provide services and operate, use or otherwise process personal data collected while providing services.

Privacy and data protection laws and regulations are also evolving nationally and in the states. At the federal level, this includes proposed updates to the HIPAA Security Rule, which, if enacted as proposed, could impose potentially significant compliance training costs on our operations. At the state level, legislatures around the country continue to enact state privacy laws that are broader than the current federal privacy laws, which may add additional compliance costs and legal risks to our U.S. operations. The costs of compliance with, and the burdens imposed by, these and other new federal and state laws, regulations or policies may impact our operations and/or limit the ways in which we can provide services or use personal data collected while providing services. If we fail to comply with the requirements of these and other new laws, regulations or policies, we could be subject to damage awards in private litigation or penalties that, in some cases, would have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For more details on the privacy and other regulations affecting our business, see Part I Item 1. "
Business
" under the heading "
Government Regulation.
"

In addition, laws governing the commercialization and use of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies are evolving and as the regulation of these technologies matures, it may add additional compliance costs and legal risk to our operations. Scrutiny over cybersecurity standards in the health sector is also increasing, and ongoing developments in this area may cause us to invest additional resources in technology, personnel and programmatic cybersecurity controls as the cybersecurity risks we face continue to evolve.

Information security risks have significantly increased in recent years in part because of the proliferation of new technologies, the increasing use of the Internet and telecommunications technologies to conduct our operations, and the increased sophistication and activities of organized crime, hackers, terrorists and other external parties, including, among others, foreign state agents. Our business and operations rely on the secure and continuous processing, transmission and storage of confidential, proprietary and other information in our computer systems and networks, including sensitive personal information, such as PHI, social security numbers, and/or credit card information of our patients, teammates, physicians, business partners and others. Our business and operations also rely on certain critical IT vendors that support such processing, transmission and storage (which have become more relevant and important given the information security issues and risks that are intensified through remote work arrangements). For example, as previously reported, due to a cybersecurity breach that affected Change Healthcare (CHC), a subsidiary of UnitedHealth Group (United) that serves as an intermediary for processing the vast majority of our payment claims for domestic commercial and government payors, we temporarily suspended all claims processing activity with CHC (CHC Outage), primarily during a period of time during the first and second quarters of 2024, 

39

which impacted our cash flows. We have since resumed claims submissions and billing processes through CHC’s information technology systems and as of the date of this filing, through a combination of CHC's platform and certain alternate billing processes, we are current on our primary claims submissions. However, the CHC Outage, and the resultant delay in claims submissions, led to a decrease in our collections and an increase in our days sales outstanding, among other things, which increase has since subsided, but we do continue to see delays in, and issues with, collections with some payors. CHC has publicly reported online and in notices to affected individuals that it identified protected health information (PHI), or personally identifiable information (PII), from users of the CHC systems, and CHC has been conducting investigations and data forensics. CHC informed the Company that a small number of patients had certain PHI exposed as a result of this breach and CHC is taking responsibility for notifying these patients. The ultimate impact of the CHC Outage remains subject to future developments and risks that are difficult to predict. These risks may include, among other things, a recurrence of system outages or service suspensions or the risk that our information technology systems or our proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data, including PHI or PII, may have been compromised through the CHC Outage, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and reputation.

We regularly review, monitor and implement multiple layers of security measures through technology, processes and our people. We utilize security technologies designed to protect and maintain the integrity of our information systems and data, and our defenses are monitored and routinely tested internally and by external parties. Despite these efforts, our facilities and systems and those of our third-party service providers may be vulnerable to privacy and security incidents; security attacks and breaches; acts of vandalism or theft; computer viruses and other malicious code; coordinated attacks by a variety of actors, including, among others, activist entities or state sponsored cyberattacks; emerging cybersecurity risks; cyber risk related to connected devices; misplaced or lost data; programming and/or human errors; or other similar events that could impact the security, reliability and availability of our systems and the availability, authenticity, integrity and/or confidentiality of personal information stored on those systems. Internal or external parties have attempted to, and will continue to attempt to, circumvent our security systems, and we have in the past, and expect that we will in the future, defend against, experience, and respond to attacks on our network including, without limitation, reconnaissance probes, denial of service attempts, malicious software attacks including ransomware or other attacks intended to render our internal operating systems or data unavailable, and phishing attacks or business email compromise. Cybersecurity requires ongoing investment and diligence against evolving threats. For example, healthcare companies, including our Company and certain of our third-party service providers, strategic partners, consultants or contractors, are increasingly incorporating self-learning or "artificial intelligence" features into information technology capabilities. The use of this rapidly evolving technology may intensify the cybersecurity and reputational risks we face given its novel and untested nature, particularly to the extent such technology involves the use of PHI or PII. Emerging and advanced security threats, including, without limitation, coordinated attacks, require additional layers of security which may disrupt or impact efficiency of operations. As with any security program, there always exists the risk that employees will violate our policies despite our compliance efforts or that certain attacks may be beyond the ability of our security and other systems to detect. There can be no assurance that investments, diligence and/or our internal controls will be sufficient to prevent or timely discover an attack.

Any security breach involving the misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure or use of confidential information, including, among others, PHI, financial data, competitively sensitive information, or other proprietary data, whether by us or a third party, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows and materially harm our reputation. We may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify our protective measures, to investigate and remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures, or to make required notifications. The occurrence of any of these events could, among other things, result in interruptions, delays, the loss or corruption of data, cessations in the availability of systems and liability under privacy and security laws, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, or materially harm our reputation and trigger regulatory actions and private party litigation. If we are unable to protect the physical and electronic security and privacy of our databases and transactions, we could be subject to potential liability and regulatory action, our reputation and relationships with our patients, physicians, vendors and other business partners would be harmed, and our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected. Failure to adequately protect and maintain the integrity of our information systems (including our networks) and data, or to defend against cybersecurity attacks, could subject us to monetary fines, civil suits, civil penalties or criminal sanctions and requirements to disclose the breach publicly, could subject our legal representatives or senior management to liability and/or a temporary suspension during which they cannot exercise managerial duties, and could further result in a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows or harm our reputation. As malicious cyber activity escalates, including activity that originates outside of the U.S., and as we continue with certain remote work arrangements and a broadened technology footprint, the risks we face relating to transmission of data and our use of service providers outside of our network, as well as the storing or processing of data within our network, have intensified. There have been increased international, federal and state and other privacy, data protection and security enforcement efforts and we expect this trend to continue. While we plan to maintain cyber liability insurance, there can be no assurance that we will successfully be able to obtain such insurance on terms and conditions that are 

40

favorable to us or at all. Additionally, any cyber liability insurance may not cover us for all types of losses or harms and may not be sufficient to protect us against the amount of all losses.

For additional information about our assessment of our cybersecurity risks, see discussion in Part I Item 1C. "
Cybersecurity
."

If certain of our suppliers and service providers do not meet our needs, if there are material price increases on supplies, if we are not reimbursed or adequately reimbursed for drugs we purchase or if we are unable to effectively access new technology or superior products, it could negatively impact our ability to effectively provide the services we offer and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could materially harm our reputation. We are also subject to the risk associated with our increased reliance on third party service providers.

We have significant suppliers and service providers, with a substantial portion of our total vendor spend concentrated with a limited number of third party suppliers and service providers. These third party suppliers and service providers include, without limitation, service providers performing certain key functions for us such as claims processing, financial accounting, and information technology functions, and suppliers of pharmaceuticals or clinical products that may be the primary source of products critical to the services we provide, or to which we have committed obligations to make purchases, sometimes at particular prices. 

We rely on these third-party suppliers and service providers to provide the products or services we require, and this reliance subjects us to risks arising from the loss of control over these services, changes in pricing that may affect our operating results, and potentially, termination of provisions of these services by our providers. There can be no assurance that third party suppliers and service providers will provide, or will continue to provide, the services or products that we require, or that substitute services or products, or alternate suppliers or service providers, can be identified or transitioned to on a timely or cost-effective basis or at all. In certain cases, there may be a limited number of viable alternate suppliers or service providers that have the capacity or capability to offer these supplies or services. 

If our significant suppliers and service providers do not meet our needs for the products and services they supply, including, without limitation, in the event of supply chain disruptions due to global events, geopolitical instability, trade disputes, natural disasters or severe weather events, product recalls, logistical challenges, fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, varying regulatory requirements or other shortages or disputes, and we are not able to find adequate alternative sources for these products or services on a timely or cost-effective basis; if we experience material price increases from these suppliers or otherwise in connection with our actions to secure needed products that we are unable to mitigate; if some of the drugs that we purchase from our suppliers are not reimbursed or not adequately reimbursed by commercial or government payors; or if we are unable to secure products, including pharmaceuticals at competitive rates and within the desired time frame; it could require us to make significant operational changes, could negatively impact our ability to effectively provide the services we offer or negatively impact our ability to effectively execute certain important corporate functions, and could otherwise have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and materially harm our reputation. In addition, the technology related to the products critical to the services we provide is subject to new developments that may result in superior products, and if we are unable to incorporate these superior products into our business or otherwise find adequate alternatives on a cost-effective and timely basis, it could impact our ability to compete effectively.

We have experienced service disruptions relating to key business functions and supply chain shortages with respect to certain of our equipment and clinical supplies, including critical clinical and other supplies. 
For example,
 in September 2024, 
one of our suppliers notified us that a severe weather event caused extensive damage to its manufacturing plant. The damage required the supplier to close the facility and halt production of certain clinical products it supplies to us and other health care providers, including saline and peritoneal dialysate. As a result of this disruption, we worked with the supplier, other suppliers, and federal and state governmental agencies to identify alternate sources for these supplies and implemented certain operational measures that were developed to maintain continuity of care for our patients. 
These operational measures, including securing alternate supply and temporarily holding new starts for PD home-based dialysis resulted in increased expense and slowed growth of our home-based dialysis business in 2024 and the early portion of 2025. In general, while we have made certain operational changes in response to the foregoing, there can be no assurance that a future shortage or disruption would not require additional resources or further operational changes in the future and 
we are continuing to assess the balance of efficiency and resilience in evaluating the risk of future supply chain shortages or service disruptions
. Separately, current macroeconomic conditions also have resulted in global supply chain challenges and have materially impacted global supply chain reliability, as described in the risk factor under the heading 
"External conditions, including those related to general economic, marketplace and global health conditions..."

41

Changes in clinical practices, payment rates or regulations impacting pharmaceuticals and/or devices could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, and cash flows and negatively impact our ability to care for patients.

Medicare bundles certain pharmaceuticals into the ESRD PPS payment rate at industry average doses and prices. Variations above the industry average may be subject to partial reimbursement through the PPS outlier reimbursement policy.

Changes to industry averages, which can be caused by, among other things, changes in physician prescribing practices, including in response to the introduction of new drugs, treatments or technologies, changes in best and/or accepted clinical practice, changes on the reliance of artificial intelligence to support clinical practices, changes in private or governmental payment criteria regarding pharmaceuticals and/or devices, or the introduction of administration policies may negatively impact our ability to obtain sufficient reimbursement levels for the care we provide, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Physician practice patterns, including their independent determinations as to appropriate pharmaceuticals and dosing, are subject to change, including, for example, as a result of changes in labeling of pharmaceuticals or the introduction of new pharmaceuticals. Additionally, commercial payors have increasingly examined their administration policies for pharmaceuticals and, in some cases, have modified those policies. If such policy and practice trends or other changes to private and governmental payment criteria make it more difficult to preserve our margins per treatment, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Further, increased utilization of certain pharmaceuticals whose costs are included in a bundled reimbursement rate, or decreases in reimbursement for pharmaceuticals whose costs are not included in a bundled reimbursement rate, could also have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation, financial condition and cash flows.

Regulations and processes impacting reimbursement for pharmaceuticals and/or devices and any changes thereto could similarly affect our operating results. Among other things, as new kidney care drugs, treatments or technologies are introduced over time, we expect that the use of transitional payment adjustments to incorporate certain of these new drugs, treatments or technologies as defined by the CMS policy into the bundled Medicare Part B ESRD payment may lead to fluctuations in associated levels of operating income and risk that the reimbursement levels of such drugs, treatments or technologies may not adequately cover our cost to obtain the drug or other associated costs. Drivers of these risks include, among other things, the risk that CMS may not provide adequate funding in the Medicare Part B ESRD payment in the transitional or post-transitional period or such items are not covered by transitional add on pricing, in which case there may be less clarity on the reimbursement, either of which may in turn materially adversely impact our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For example, under current CMS regulation, certain oral-only drugs were paid separately under Medicare Part D until January 1, 2025, at which time they were incorporated in the ESRD bundled payment. In recent rulemaking, CMS has finalized a policy to increase TDAPA amounts for oral phosphate binders, based on 100% of Average Sales Price, increased by a fixed amount of $36.41 for certain incremental costs. We cannot predict, at this time, whether CMS' TDAPA amounts for oral phosphate binders will adequately account for the inclusion of these oral medications and the additional costs associated with dialysis providers having to supply such drugs. We have developed operational and clinical processes designed to provide the drug as may be required under the applicable regulations and as may be prescribed by physicians and have also worked to contract with manufacturers of drug(s) to establish terms and access to the product, as well as payors, as applicable, for reimbursement and/or administration of the drug. If the government or other payors implement other new requirements or protocols for patients to receive the drug and include pricing in the bundle, we could experience significant fluctuations in our associated levels of operating income and could be subject to material financial, operational and/or legal risk if we are not adequately reimbursed for the cost of the drug, if we are unable to implement effective and appropriate operational measures to distribute or bill for the drug, if we fail to implement appropriate storage and diversion controls or if we cannot obtain competitive pricing for the drug. The aggregate impact of these risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operation, financial condition and cash flows. 

Similar operating and clinical rigor and appropriate processes will be needed for other potential new drugs, treatments or technologies that are approved and come onto the market, as well as for drugs, treatments or technologies that we contract to receive from different suppliers. Any failure to successfully contract with manufacturers for competitive pricing, failure to successfully contract with the government or other payors for appropriate reimbursement, or failure to prepare, develop and implement processes that provide for appropriate availability and use in our clinics in compliance with applicable laws, including those related to controlled substances, could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. 

We may also be subject to increased inquiries or audits from a variety of governmental bodies or claims by third parties related to pharmaceuticals, which would require management's attention and could result in significant legal expense. Any negative findings could result in, among other things, substantial financial penalties or repayment obligations, the imposition of certain obligations on and changes to our practices and procedures as well as the attendant financial burden on us to comply with the obligations, or exclusion from future participation in the Medicare and Medicaid programs, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and reputation. For additional details, see 

42

the risk factor under the heading 
"Our business is subject to a complex set of governmental laws, regulations and other requirements..."

If we are unable to compete successfully, including, without limitation, implementing our growth strategy and/or retaining patients and developing and maintaining relationships with physicians and hospitals, it could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

We operate in a highly competitive and continuously evolving environment across the spectrum of kidney care, and operating in this market requires us to successfully execute on strategic initiatives which, among other things, build or retain our patient population through acquisition or referrals, or that develop and maintain our relationships with physicians and hospitals in both the dialysis and pre-dialysis space. 

Competition for relationships with certain referral sources, including nephrologists and hospitals, in existing and expanding geographies or areas is intense, and we continue to face intense competition from large and medium-sized providers, among others, which compete directly with us for physicians qualified to serve as medical directors, for limited acquisition targets and for individual patients. In addition to these large and medium-sized competitors with substantial financial resources and other established participants in the dialysis space, we also compete with individual nephrologists who have opened their own dialysis units or facilities. Our largest competitor, Fresenius Medical Care (FMC), manufactures a full line of dialysis supplies and equipment in addition to owning and operating dialysis centers. This may, among other things, give FMC cost advantages over us because of its ability to manufacture its own products. 

We continuously compete for maintaining or developing relationships with physicians that can serve as medical directors at our centers. Physicians, including medical directors, choose where they refer their patients, and neither of our current or former medical directors have an obligation to refer their patients to our centers. Certain physicians prefer to have their patients treated at dialysis centers where they or other members of their practice supervise the overall care provided as medical director of the center. As a result, referral sources for many of our centers include the physician or physician group providing medical director services to the center. Moreover, because Medicare regulations require medical directors for each of our Medicare certified dialysis centers, our ability to operate our centers depends in part on our ability to secure medical director agreements with a sufficient number of nephrologists. Our medical director agreements range in duration, but generally are for periods of ten years, and at any given time a large number of them could be up for renewal at the same time. Medical directors have no obligation to extend their agreements with us and, under certain circumstances, our former medical directors may choose to provide medical director services for competing providers or establish their own dialysis centers in competition with ours. If we are unable to contract with nephrologists to provide medical director services, then we may be unable to satisfy the federal Medicare requirements associated with medical directors and to operate our centers. The aging of the nephrologist population and opportunities presented by our competitors or other hospitals and other healthcare providers may negatively impact a medical director's decision to enter into or extend his or her agreement with us and potential declines in the overall number of nephrologists may negatively impact our ability to enter into medical director agreements in the future. In addition, if the terms of any existing agreement are found to violate applicable laws, there can be no assurances that we would be successful in restructuring the relationship, which would lead to the early termination of the agreement. If we are unable to obtain qualified medical directors to provide supervision of the operations and care provided at our dialysis centers, it could affect not only our ability to operate the center but also the degree to which other physicians to feel confident in referring patients to our dialysis centers. If a significant number of physicians were to cease referring patients to our dialysis centers, whether due to law, rule or regulation, new competition, a perceived decrease in the quality of service levels at our centers or other reasons, it would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

In addition, as we continue to expand our offerings across the kidney care continuum, our ability to enter into and maintain integrated kidney care relationships with payors, physicians and other providers may have an impact on our ability to participate in integrated kidney care. This environment is highly competitive and has been evolving. For example, there have been a number of announcements, initiatives and capital raises by non-traditional kidney care providers and others, which relate to entry into the dialysis and pre-dialysis space, the development of innovative technologies, or the commencement of new business activities that could be transformative to the industry. Some of these emerging entrants have considerable financial resources. Although these and other potential competitors may face operational or financial challenges, the evolving nature of the dialysis and pre-dialysis marketplaces have presented some opportunities for relative ease of entry for these and other potential competitors. As a result, we may compete with these smaller or non-traditional providers or others in an asymmetrical environment with respect to data and regulatory requirements that we face as an ESRD service provider, thereby negatively impacting our ability to effectively compete. These and other factors have continued to drive change in the dialysis and pre-dialysis space, and if we are unable to successfully adapt to these dynamics, it could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. As an example, emerging entrants are pursuing opportunities to participate in the CMMI payment models or otherwise establish value-based care programs, and increasing investment in and availability of funding to emerging entrants in the dialysis and pre-dialysis marketplace that may not be as cautious in adhering 

43

to applicable laws and regulations and/or may not be subject to the same regulatory restrictions as the Company, could adversely impact our ability to enter into competitive arrangements. 

Each of the aforementioned competitive pressures and related risks may be impacted by a continued decline in the rate of growth of the ESRD patient population, higher mortality rates for dialysis patients or other reductions in demand for dialysis treatments, whether due to population growth trends, the development and application of innovative technologies or otherwise. As described in Part I Item 1. "
Business
," the recent 2024 annual data report from the United States Renal Data System (USRDS) the decline in annual growth rate of ESKD dialysis patient population was 0.4% from 2021 to 2022, representing a slowdown from longer term growth. Despite this near term slowdown presented in the report, which, among other things, included impacts from the COVID-19 pandemic on mortality rates amongst the ESKD dialysis patient population, the rate of growth has been relatively consistent over time.

A number of factors may impact ESKD growth rates, including, among others, mortality rates for dialysis patients or CKD patients, the growth and aging of the U.S. population, limitation on immigration into the United States, transplant rates, incidence rates for diseases that cause kidney failure such as diabetes and hypertension, growth rates of minority populations with higher than average incidence rates of ESKD or other changes in demand for dialysis treatments over time, including for example, as a result of the development and application of certain innovative technologies, drugs or other treatments such as the glucagon-like peptide 1 (GLP-1) receptor agonist, SGLT2 inhibitors, and other classes of drugs or new classes of drugs or other treatments that may, among other things, slow the progression of CKD. Any decrease in growth rates for the ESRD patient population, higher mortality rates for dialysis patients, increase in the availability to kidneys or replacement kidneys for transplant, or other reductions in demand for dialysis treatments, if sustained or significant, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Any such impact would be magnified to the extent it also resulted in a lower number of patients with commercial insurance or a lower percentage of patients under commercial insurance relative to government-based programs. While we have continued efforts to seek growth opportunities, such as by expanding our business into various international markets, we face ongoing competition from large and medium-sized providers, among others, for acquisition targets in those markets. Providers may reduce pricing in an attempt to capture more volume in the face of declining ESRD patient growth. Any failure on our part to appropriately adjust our business and operations in light of these complicated marketplace dynamics could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could materially harm our reputation. 

If we are not able to effectively compete in the markets in which we operate, including by implementing our growth strategy, effectively adjusting our business and operations in light of evolving marketplace dynamics, building or retaining our patient population, maintaining and developing relationships with nephrologists and hospitals, particularly medical director relationships, or making acquisitions at the desired pace or at all; if we are not able to continue to maintain the expected or desired level of non-acquired growth; or if we experience significant patient attrition either as a result of new business activities in the dialysis or pre-dialysis space by our existing competitors, other market participants, new entrants, new technology or other forms of competition, or as a result of reductions in demand for dialysis treatments, including, without limitation, due to increased mortality rates for dialysis patients resulting from COVID-19 or otherwise, reduced prevalence of ESRD, the development of innovative technologies, drugs or other treatments or an increase in the number of kidney transplants, including xenotransplants, it could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

The U.S. integrated kidney care, U.S. other ancillary services and international operations that we operate or invest in now or in the future may generate losses and may ultimately be unsuccessful. In the event that one or more of these activities is unsuccessful, our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows may be negatively impacted and we may have to write off our investment and incur other exit costs.

Our U.S. integrated kidney care and U.S. other ancillary services are subject to many of the same risks, regulations and laws, as described in the risk factors related to our dialysis business set forth in this Item 1A. "
Risk Factors
," and are also subject to additional risks, regulations and laws specific to the nature of the particular strategic initiative. We have added, and expect to continue to add additional service offerings to our business and pursue additional strategic initiatives in the future as circumstances warrant, which could include healthcare products or services not directly related to dialysis. Many of these initiatives require or would require investments of both management and financial resources and can generate significant losses for a substantial period of time and may not become profitable in the expected timeframe or at all. There can be no assurance that any such strategic initiative will ultimately be successful. Any significant change in market conditions or business performance, including, without limitation, as a result of the political, legislative or regulatory environment, may impact the performance or economic viability of any of these strategic initiatives. 

If any of our U.S. integrated kidney care, U.S. other ancillary services or international operations are unsuccessful, it may have a negative impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and if we determine to exit that line of business we may incur significant termination costs. For discussion of risks and potential impacts specific to our 

44

integrated kidney care business and related growth strategy, see the risk factor under the heading "
If we are not able to successfully implement our strategy with respect to our integrated kidney care and value-based care initiatives..." 
In addition, we may incur material write-offs or impairments of our investments, including, without limitation, goodwill or other assets, in one or more of our U.S. integrated kidney care, U.S. other ancillary services or international operations. In that regard, we have taken, and may in the future take, impairment and restructuring charges in addition to those described above related to our U.S. integrated kidney care, U.S. other ancillary services and international operations.

Expansion of our operations to and offering our services in markets outside of the U.S., and utilizing third-party suppliers and service providers operating outside of the U.S., subjects us to political, economic, legal, operational and other risks that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and reputation.

We are continuing to expand our operations by offering our services and entering new lines of business in certain markets outside of the U.S., and we have increased our utilization of third-party suppliers and service providers operating outside of the U.S., which increases our exposure to the inherent risks of doing business in international markets. Depending on the market, these risks include those relating to:

•
changes in the local economic environment including, among other things, labor cost increases and other general inflationary pressures;

•
political instability, armed conflicts or terrorism;

•
public health crises, such as pandemics or epidemics;

•
social changes;

•
intellectual property legal protections and remedies;

•
trade regulations;

•
procedures and actions affecting approval, production, pricing, reimbursement and marketing of products and services;

•
foreign currency and applicable exchange rates;

•
additional U.S. and foreign taxes;

•
export controls;

•
antitrust and competition laws and regulations;

•
lack of reliable legal systems which may affect our ability to enforce contractual rights;

•
changes in local laws or regulations, or interpretation or enforcement thereof;

•
potentially longer ramp-up times for starting up new operations and for payment and collection cycles;

•
financial and operational, and information technology systems integration;

•
failure to comply with U.S. laws, such as the FCPA, or local laws that prohibit us, our partners, or our partners' or our agents or intermediaries from making improper payments to foreign officials or any third party for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business; 

•
laws, regulations or other guidance that require enhanced disclosures and due diligence surrounding the impacts of our Company and value chain on, and the financial risks and opportunities for our Company from, ESG or other similar sustainability or corporate responsibility matters, as well as enhanced policies, processes and controls designed to appropriately monitor and track such information and enhanced actions to address our Company's impact on these matters; and

•
data and privacy restrictions, among other things.

Issues relating to the failure to comply with applicable non-U.S. laws, requirements or restrictions may also impact our domestic business and/or raise scrutiny on our domestic practices.

45

Additionally, some factors that will be critical to the success of our international business and operations will be different than those affecting our domestic business and operations. For example, conducting international operations requires us to devote significant management resources to implement our controls and systems in new markets, to comply with local laws and regulations, including to fulfill financial reporting and records retention requirements among other things, and to overcome the numerous new challenges inherent in managing international operations, including, without limitation, challenges based on differing languages and cultures, challenges related to establishing clinical operations in differing regulatory and compliance environments, and challenges related to the timely hiring, integration and retention of a sufficient number of skilled personnel to carry out operations in an environment with which we are not familiar.

Any expansion of our international operations through acquisitions or through organic growth could increase these risks. Additionally, while we may invest material amounts of capital and incur significant costs in connection with the growth and development of our international operations, including to start up or acquire new operations, we may not be able to operate them profitably on the anticipated timeline, or at all.

These risks could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could materially harm our reputation.

Failing to effectively maintain, operate or upgrade our information systems or those of third-party service providers upon which we rely, including, without limitation, our clinical, billing and collections systems, or failure to adhere to federal and state data sharing and access requirements and regulations could materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and reputation.

Our business depends significantly on effective information systems. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, upgrade and enhance existing systems and develop or contract for new systems in order to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, emerging cybersecurity risks and threats, evolving industry, legal and regulatory standards and requirements, new models of care, and other changes in our business, among other things. For example, the provisions related to data interoperability, information blocking, and patient access in the Cures Act and No Surprises Act include, among other things, changes to the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology’s (ONC's) Health IT Certification Program and requirements that CMS-regulated payors make relevant claims/care data and provider directory information available through standardized patient access and provider directory application programming interfaces (APIs) that connect to provider electronic health records. We have made and expect to continue to make significant investments in updating and integrating our clinical IT systems and continuing to build our data interoperability capabilities. Any failure to adequately comply with these and other provisions related to data interoperability, information blocking, and patient access may, among other things, result in fines and sanctions, adversely impact our Medicare business, our ability to scale our integrated care business and our ability to compete with certain smaller and/or non-traditional providers taking advantage of an asymmetrical environment with respect to data and/or regulatory requirements given our status as an ESRD service provider; or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Rulemaking in these areas is ongoing, and there can be no assurances that the implementation of planned enhancements to our systems, such as our implementation of these data interoperability provisions or our other ongoing efforts to upgrade and better integrate our clinical systems, will be successful once the regulatory environment settles or that we will ultimately realize anticipated benefits from investments in new or existing information systems. In addition, we may from time to time obtain significant portions of our systems-related support, technology or other services from third parties, which may make our operations vulnerable if such third parties fail to perform adequately.

Failure to successfully implement, operate and maintain effective and efficient information systems with adequate technological capabilities, deficiencies or defects in the systems and related technology, or our failure to efficiently and effectively implement ongoing system upgrades or consolidate our information systems to eliminate redundant or obsolete applications, could result in increased legal and compliance risks and competitive disadvantages, among other things, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and reputation. For additional information on the risks we face in a highly competitive market, see the risk factor under the heading, 
"If we are unable to compete successfully..." 
If the information we rely upon to run our business was found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we or third parties on which we rely fail to adequately maintain information systems and data integrity effectively, whether due to software deficiencies, human coding or implementation error or otherwise, we could experience difficulty meeting clinical outcome goals, face regulatory problems, including sanctions and penalties, incur increases in operating expenses or suffer other adverse consequences, any of which could be material. Moreover, failure to adequately protect and maintain the integrity of our information systems (including our networks) and data, or information systems and data hosted by third parties upon which we rely, could subject us to severe consequences as described in the risk factor under the heading 
"Privacy and information security laws are complex..."

46

Our billing systems, among others, are critical to our billing operations. This includes our systems for our dialysis clinics as well as our systems for our hospital services and our ancillary businesses, including our international business. If there are defects in our billing systems, or billing systems or services of third parties upon which we rely, we may experience difficulties in our ability to successfully bill and collect for services rendered, including, without limitation, a delay in collections, a reduction in the amounts collected, increased risk of retractions from and refunds to commercial and government payors, an increase in our provision for uncollectible accounts receivable and noncompliance with reimbursement laws and related requirements, any or all of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations.

In the clinical environment, a failure of our clinical systems, or the systems of our third-party service providers, to operate effectively could have a material adverse effect on our business, the clinical care provided to patients, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. For example, in connection with claims for which at least part of the government's payments to us is based on clinical performance or patient outcomes or co-morbidities, if relevant clinical systems fail to accurately capture the data we report to CMS or we otherwise have data integrity issues with respect to the reported information, this could impact our payments from government payors.

Additionally, we expect the highly competitive environment in which we operate to become increasingly more competitive as the market evolves and new technologies are introduced. This dynamic environment requires continuous investment in new technologies and clinical applications. Machine learning and artificial intelligence are increasingly driving innovations in technology, and parts of our operations may employ new technology and analytics, including artificial intelligence. If these rapidly evolving technologies or applications fail to operate as anticipated or do not perform as specified, including due to potential design defects and defects in the development of algorithms or other technologies, human error or otherwise, our clinical operations, business and reputation may be harmed. If we are unable to successfully maintain, enhance or operate our information systems, including through the implementation of such technologies or applications in our clinical operations and laboratory, or if we are unable to successfully implement adequate governance structures to manage these new technologies, we may be, among other things, unable to efficiently adapt to evolving laws and requirements, unable to remain competitive with others who successfully implement and advance this technology, subject to increased risk under existing laws, regulations and requirements that apply to our business, and our patients' safety may be adversely impacted, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations and financial condition and could materially harm our reputation. For additional detail, see the discussion in the risk factor under the heading 
"Our business is subject to a complex set of governmental laws, regulations and other requirements..."

We may engage in acquisitions, mergers, joint ventures, noncontrolling interest investments, or dispositions, which may materially affect our results of operations, debt-to-capital ratio, capital expenditures or other aspects of our business, and, under certain circumstances, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could materially harm our reputation.

Our business strategy includes growth through acquisitions of dialysis centers and other businesses, as well as through entry into joint ventures. We may engage in acquisitions, mergers, joint ventures or dispositions or expand into new business lines or models, which may affect our results of operations, debt-to-capital ratio, capital expenditures or other aspects of our business. See the discussion under "
Off-balance sheet arrangements and aggregate contractual obligations
" in Part II Item 7. "
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
."

There can be no assurance that we will be able to identify suitable acquisition or joint venture targets or merger partners or buyers for dispositions or that, if identified, we will be able to agree to acceptable terms or on the desired timetable. There can also be no assurance that we will be successful in completing any acquisitions, joint ventures, mergers or dispositions that we announce, executing new business lines or models or integrating any acquired business into our overall operations. There is no guarantee that we will be able to operate acquired businesses successfully as stand-alone businesses, or that any such acquired business will operate profitably or will not otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows or materially harm our reputation. In addition, acquisition, merger or joint venture activity conducted as part of our overall growth strategy is subject to antitrust and competition laws, and antitrust regulators can investigate future (or pending) and consummated transactions. These laws could impact our ability to pursue these transactions or our ability to consummate them on a timely basis; could require us to devote additional resources to potential transactions; and under certain circumstances, could result in mandated divestitures, among other things. If a proposed transaction or series of transactions is subject to challenge under antitrust or competition laws, we may incur substantial legal costs, management’s attention and resources may be diverted, and if we are found to have violated these or other related laws, regulations or requirements, we could suffer severe consequences that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could materially harm our reputation and stock price. For additional detail, see the risk factor under the heading "
Our business is subject to a complex set of governmental laws, regulations and other requirements..."
 Further, we cannot be certain that key talented individuals at the business being acquired will continue to work for us after the acquisition or that they will be able to continue to successfully manage or have adequate 

47

resources to successfully operate any acquired business. In addition, certain of our acquired dialysis centers and facilities have been in service for many years, which may result in a higher level of maintenance costs. Further, our facilities, equipment and information technology may need to be improved or renovated to maintain or increase operational efficiency, compete for patients and medical directors, or meet changing regulatory requirements. Increases in maintenance costs and/or capital expenditures could have, under certain circumstances, a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Businesses we acquire may have unknown or contingent liabilities or liabilities that are in excess of the amounts that we originally estimated, and may have other issues, including, without limitation, those related to internal control over financial reporting or issues that could affect our ability to comply with healthcare laws and regulations and other laws applicable to our expanded business, which could harm our reputation. As a result, we cannot make any assurances that the acquisitions we consummate will be successful. Although we generally seek indemnification from the sellers of businesses we acquire for matters that are not properly disclosed to us, we are not always successful. In addition, even in cases where we are able to obtain indemnification, we may discover liabilities greater than the contractual limits, the amounts held in escrow for our benefit (if any), or the financial resources of the indemnifying party. In the event that we are responsible for liabilities substantially in excess of any amounts recovered through rights to indemnification or alternative remedies that might be available to us, or any applicable insurance, we could suffer severe consequences that would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could materially harm our reputation.

In addition, under the terms of the equity purchase agreement for the DaVita Medical Group (DMG) sale (the DMG sale agreement), we agreed to certain indemnification obligations, including claims for taxes or for which we provided the buyer with a special indemnity. As a result, we may become obligated to make payments to the buyer relating to our previous ownership and operation of the DMG business. Any such post-closing liabilities and required payments under the DMG sale agreement, or otherwise, or in connection with any other past or future disposition of material assets or businesses could individually or in the aggregate have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could materially harm our reputation.

Additionally, joint ventures or noncontrolling interest investments inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, thereby potentially increasing the financial, legal, operational and/or compliance risks associated with the joint venture or noncontrolling interest investment. In addition, we may be dependent on joint venture partners, controlling shareholders or management who may have business interests, strategies or goals that are inconsistent with ours. Business decisions or other actions or omissions of the joint venture partner, controlling shareholders or management may require us to make capital contributions or necessitate other payments, result in litigation or regulatory action against us, result in reputational harm to us or adversely affect the value of our investment or partnership, among other things. In addition, we have potential obligations to purchase the interests held by third parties in many of our joint ventures as a result of put provisions that are exercisable at the third party's discretion within specified time periods, pursuant to the applicable agreement. If these put provisions were exercised, we would be required to purchase the third party owner's equity interest, generally at the appraised market value. There can be no assurances that these joint ventures and/or noncontrolling interest investments ultimately will be successful.

If our joint ventures were found to violate the law, we could suffer severe consequences that would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could materially harm our reputation.

As of December 31, 2024, we owned a controlling interest in numerous dialysis-related joint ventures, which represented approximately 30% of our U.S. dialysis revenues for the year ended December 31, 2024. In addition, we also owned noncontrolling equity investments in several other dialysis-related joint ventures. We expect to continue to increase the number of our joint ventures. Many of our joint ventures with physicians or physician groups also have certain physician owners providing medical director services to centers we own and operate. Because our relationships with physicians are governed by the federal and state anti-kickback statutes, we have sought to structure our joint venture arrangements to satisfy as many federal safe harbor requirements as we believe are commercially reasonable. Our joint venture arrangements do not satisfy all of the elements of any safe harbor under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, however, and therefore are susceptible to government scrutiny. Additionally, our joint ventures and minority investments inherently involve a lesser degree of control over business operations, thereby potentially increasing the financial, legal, operational and/or compliance risks associated with the joint venture or minority investment. If our joint ventures are found to violate applicable laws or regulations, we could suffer severe consequences that would have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could materially harm our reputation. For additional information on these risks, see the risk factors under the headings "
Our business is subject to a complex set of governmental laws, regulations and other requirements...;"
 and "
We may engage in acquisitions, mergers, joint ventures, noncontrolling interest investments, or dispositions..."

48

Our goals and disclosures related to ESG matters expose us to numerous risks, including without limitation risks to our reputation and stock price.

We have a longstanding program relating to environmental, social and governance (ESG) issues and have engaged with key stakeholders to develop ESG focus areas and to set ESG-related goals, many of which are aspirational. We have set and disclosed these focus areas, goals and related objectives as part of our continued commitment to ESG matters, but our goals and objectives reflect our current plans and are not guarantees that we will be able to achieve them. Our efforts to accomplish and accurately report on these goals and objectives present numerous operational, reputational, financial, legal and other risks, certain of which are outside of our control, and could have, under certain circumstances, a material adverse impact on us, including on our reputation and stock price. Examples of such risks include, among others: the availability and cost of low- or non-carbon-based energy sources and technologies for us and our vendors, evolving regulatory requirements affecting ESG standards, frameworks and disclosures, including evolving standards for measuring and reporting on related metrics, the availability of suppliers that can meet our standards, our ability to recruit, develop and retain strong talent in our labor markets, and our ability to grow our home based dialysis business. 

If our ESG practices do not meet investor or other stakeholder expectations and standards, then our reputation, our ability to attract or retain employees and our attractiveness as an investment, business partner or acquirer could be negatively impacted. In addition, if there are new regulations or orders that proscribe the ability to focus on ESG programs, then there would be a risk if we continued to pursue these goals. In addition, our failure or perceived failure to adequately pursue or fulfill our goals and objectives or to satisfy various reporting standards within the timelines we announce, or at all, could also have similar negative impacts and expose us to other risks, which under certain circumstances could be material. If we are not able to adequately recognize and respond to the rapid and ongoing developments and governmental and social expectations relating to ESG matters, this failure could result in missed corporate opportunities, additional regulatory, social or other scrutiny of us, the imposition of unexpected costs, or damage to our reputation with governments, patients, teammates, third parties and the communities in which we operate, which in turn could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, cash flows and results of operations and could cause the market value of our common stock to decline.

There are significant risks associated with estimating the amount of dialysis revenues and related refund liabilities that we recognize, and if our estimates of revenues and related refund liabilities are materially inaccurate, it could impact the timing and the amount of our revenues recognition or have a material adverse effect on our business,

results

of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

There are significant risks associated with estimating the amount of U.S. dialysis patient service revenues and related refund liabilities that we recognize in a reporting period. The billing and collection process is complex due to ongoing insurance coverage changes, geographic coverage differences, differing interpretations of contract coverage and other payor issues, such as ensuring appropriate documentation. Determining applicable primary and secondary coverage for approximately 200,800 U.S. patients at any point in time, together with the changes in patient coverage that occur each month, requires complex, resource-intensive processes. Errors in determining the correct coordination of benefits may result in refunds to payors. Revenues associated with Medicare and Medicaid programs are also subject to estimating risk related to the amounts not paid by the primary government payor that will ultimately be collectible from other government programs paying secondary coverage, the patient's commercial health plan secondary coverage or the patient. Collections, refunds and payor retractions typically continue to occur for up to three years and longer after services are provided. We generally expect our range of U.S. dialysis patient service revenues estimating risk to be within 1% of revenues. If our estimates of U.S. dialysis patient service revenues and related refund liabilities are materially inaccurate, it could impact the timing and the amount of our revenues recognition and have a material adverse impact on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

General Risk Factors

The level of our current and future debt could have an adverse impact on our business, and our ability to generate cash to service our indebtedness and for other intended purposes and our ability to maintain compliance with debt covenants depends on many factors beyond our control.

We have a substantial amount of indebtedness outstanding and we may incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, including indebtedness incurred to finance repurchases of our common stock pursuant to our share repurchase authorization discussed under "
Stock Repurchases
" in Part II Item 7. "
Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation
s
." 
As described in Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements included in this report, we are party to a senior secured credit agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement), which consists of an up to $1.5 billion secured revolving line of credit, a secured term loan A-1 facility and a secured term loan B-1 facility. Our long-term indebtedness also includes $5.250 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes.

49

Our senior secured credit facilities bear, and other indebtedness we may incur in the future may bear, interest at a variable rate. As a result, at any given time interest rates on the senior secured credit facilities and any other variable rate debt could be higher or lower than current levels. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on our variable rate indebtedness will increase even though the amount borrowed remains the same, and therefore net income and associated cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, will correspondingly decrease.

The variable interest rates payable under our senior secured credit facilities have historically been linked to LIBOR as the benchmark for establishing such rates. The LIBOR rate used in our senior secured credit facilities ceased to be available starting June 30, 2023. Prior to that date, we transitioned all the debt from our senior secured credit facilities from LIBOR to Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR). SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by U.S. Treasury securities. The SOFR rate may not perform in a manner similar to LIBOR and may result in interest rates that are higher or lower than those that would have resulted had LIBOR remained in effect, which could impact our cost of capital.

Our ability to make payments on our indebtedness, to fund planned capital expenditures and expansion efforts, including, without limitation, any strategic acquisitions or investments we may make in the future, to repurchase our stock at the levels intended or announced and to meet our other liquidity needs such as for working capital or capital expenditures, will depend on our ability to generate cash. This depends not only on the success of our business but is also subject to economic, financial, competitive, regulatory and other factors that are beyond our control. We cannot provide assurances that our business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations in the future or that future borrowings will be available to us in amounts sufficient to enable us to service our indebtedness or to fund our working capital and other liquidity needs, including those described above. If we are unable to generate sufficient funds to service our outstanding indebtedness or to meet our working capital or other liquidity needs, including those described above, we would be required to refinance, restructure, or otherwise amend some or all of such indebtedness, sell assets, change or reduce our intended or announced uses or strategy for capital deployment, including, without limitation, for stock repurchases, reduce capital expenditures, planned expansions or other strategic initiatives, or raise additional cash through the sale of our equity or equity-related securities. We cannot make any assurances that any such refinancing, restructurings, amendments, sales of assets, or issuances of equity or equity-related securities can be accomplished or, if accomplished, will be on favorable terms or would raise sufficient funds to meet these obligations or our other liquidity needs. 

In addition, we may continue to incur indebtedness in the future, and the amount of that additional indebtedness may be substantial. Although the Credit Agreement includes covenants that could limit our indebtedness, we currently have, and expect to continue to have, the ability to incur substantial additional debt. The risks described in this risk factor could intensify as new debt is added to current debt levels or if we incur any new debt obligations that subject us to restrictive covenants that limit our financial and operational flexibility. Any breach or failure to comply with any of these covenants could result in a default under our indebtedness. Other risks related to our ability to generate sufficient cash to service our indebtedness and for other intended purposes, include, for example:

•
increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;

•
limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the markets in which we operate;

•
expose us to interest rate volatility that could adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and our ability to service our indebtedness;

•
place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our competitors that have less debt; and

•
limit our ability to borrow additional funds, or to refinance existing debt on favorable terms when otherwise available or at all.

Any failure to pay any of our indebtedness when due or any other default under our credit facilities or our other indebtedness could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and could trigger cross default or cross acceleration provisions in our other debt instruments, thereby permitting the holders of that other indebtedness to demand immediate repayment or cease to make future extensions of credit, and, in the case of secured indebtedness, to take possession of and sell the collateral securing such indebtedness to satisfy our obligations.

The borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities and senior indentures are guaranteed by certain of our domestic subsidiaries, and borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities are secured by substantially all of our and certain of our domestic subsidiaries' assets. Such guarantees and the fact that we have pledged such assets may make it more difficult and expensive for us to make, or under certain circumstances could effectively prevent us from making, additional secured and unsecured borrowings.

50

We could be subject to adverse changes in tax laws, regulations and interpretations or challenges to our tax positions.

We are subject to tax laws and regulations of the U.S. federal, state and local governments as well as various foreign jurisdictions. We compute our income tax provision based on enacted tax rates in the jurisdictions in which we operate. As the tax rates vary among jurisdictions, a change in earnings attributable to the various jurisdictions in which we operate could result in a change in our overall tax provision.

Changes in tax laws or regulations may be proposed or enacted that could adversely affect our overall tax liability. There can be no assurance that changes in tax laws or regulations, both within the domestic and foreign jurisdictions in which we operate, will not materially and adversely affect our effective tax rate, tax payments, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows. Similarly, changes in tax laws and regulations that impact our patients, business partners and counterparties or the economy may also impact our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

In addition, tax laws and regulations are complex and subject to varying interpretations, and any significant failure to comply with applicable tax laws and regulations in all relevant jurisdictions could give rise to material penalties and liabilities. We are regularly subject to audits by various tax authorities. It is possible that the final determination of any such tax audits and any related litigation could be materially different from our historical income tax provisions and accruals. Any changes in enacted tax laws, rules or regulatory or judicial interpretations; any adverse development or outcome in connection with tax audits in any jurisdiction; or any change in the pronouncements relating to accounting for income taxes could materially and adversely impact our effective tax rate, tax payments, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

The effects of natural or other disasters, political instability, public health crises or adverse weather events such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires or flooding could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows.

Some of our operations, including our clinical laboratory, dialysis centers and other facilities, as well as the operations of our third party suppliers and service providers, may be adversely impacted by the effects of natural or other disasters, political instability, public health crises such as global pandemics or epidemics, or adverse weather events such as hurricanes, earthquakes, fires or flooding. Each of these effects and risks may be further intensified by the potential impact of climate change on a global scale. In addition, these risks are particularly heightened for our patients in part because individuals with chronic illness may be more susceptible to the adverse effects of epidemics or other public health crises and also because any natural or other disaster, political instability or adverse weather event that disrupts or limits the operation of any of our centers or other facilities or services may delay or otherwise impact the critical services we provide to dialysis patients. Further, any such event or other occurrence that results in a failure of the fitness of our clinical laboratory, dialysis centers and related operations and/or other facilities or the operations of our third party suppliers and service providers or otherwise adversely impacts the safety of our teammates or patients at any of those locations could lead us to face adverse consequences, including, without limitation, the potential loss of data, including PHI or PII, compliance or regulatory investigations, any of which could materially impact our business, results of operations and financial condition, and could materially harm our reputation. For example, our clinical laboratory is located in Florida, a state that has in the past experienced and may in the future experience hurricanes. Natural or other disasters or adverse weather events could significantly damage or destroy our facilities, disrupt operations, increase our costs to maintain operations and require substantial expenditures and recovery time to fully resume operations. In addition, if the frequency, intensity and widening potential geographic scope of natural or other disasters or adverse weather events increase or a number of laws or regulations adopted in response to such changes, we may face increased costs associated with operating our clinics, as well as potential interruptions to and changes in our clinical and business operations, including, without limitation, with respect to increasing costs for energy, supplies of water, or pharmaceuticals or other supplies necessary to the operations or our clinics. For additional information regarding the risks to our supply chain and third party service providers, see the discussion in the risk factor under the heading "
If certain of our suppliers and service providers…"

Our presence in markets outside the U.S. may increase our exposure to these and similar risks related to natural disasters, public health crises, political instability, adverse weather or other catastrophic events outside our control. For additional information regarding the risks related to our international business, see the discussion in the risk factor under the heading "
Expansion of our operations to and offering our services in markets outside of the U.S....
"

Any or all of these factors, as well as other consequences of these events, none of which we can currently predict, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows or materially harm our reputation.

51

We may be subject to liability claims for damages and other expenses that are not covered by insurance or exceed our existing insurance coverage that could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows and could materially harm our reputation.

Our operations and how we manage our business may subject us, as well as our officers and directors to whom we owe certain defense and indemnity obligations, to litigation and liability. Our business, profitability and growth prospects could suffer if we face negative publicity or we pay damages or defense costs in connection with a claim that is outside the scope or limits of coverage of any applicable insurance coverage, including, without limitation, claims related to adverse patient events, cybersecurity incidents, contractual disputes, antitrust and competition laws and regulations, professional and general liability and directors' and officers' duties. In addition, we have received notices of claims from commercial payors and other third parties, as well as subpoenas and civil investigative demands from the federal government, related to our business practices, including, without limitation, our historical billing practices and the historical billing practices of acquired businesses. Although the ultimate outcome of these claims cannot be predicted, an adverse result with respect to one or more of these claims could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and could materially harm our reputation. We maintain insurance coverage for those risks we deem are appropriate to insure against and make determinations about whether to self-insure as to other risks or layers of coverage. However, a successful claim, including, without limitation, a professional liability, malpractice or negligence claim or a claim related to antitrust and competition laws or a cybersecurity incident, which is in excess of any applicable insurance coverage, that is outside the scope or limits of any applicable insurance coverage, or that is subject to our self-insurance retentions, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition, cash flows and reputation.

In addition, if our costs of insurance and claims increase, then our earnings could decline. Market rates for insurance premiums and deductibles have been steadily increasing. Our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows could be materially and adversely affected by any of the following:

•
the collapse or insolvency of our insurance carriers;

•
further increases in premiums and deductibles;

•
increases in the number of liability claims against us or the cost of settling or trying cases related to those claims; 

•
obtaining insurance with exclusions for things such as communicable diseases; or

•
an inability to obtain one or more types of insurance on acceptable terms, if at all.

If we fail to successfully maintain an effective internal control over financial reporting, the integrity of our financial reporting could be compromised, which could have a material adverse effect on our ability to accurately report our financial results, the market's perception of our business and our stock price.

The integration of acquisitions and addition of new business lines into our internal control over financial reporting has required and will continue to require significant time and resources from our management and other personnel and has increased, and is expected to continue to increase, our compliance costs. Failure to maintain an effective internal control environment could have a material adverse effect on our ability to accurately report our financial results, the market's perception of our business and our stock price. In addition, we could be required to restate our financial results in the event of a significant failure of our internal control over financial reporting or in the event of inappropriate application of accounting principles.

Provisions in our organizational documents, our compensation programs and policies and certain requirements under Delaware law may deter changes of control and may make it more difficult for our stockholders to change the composition of our Board of Directors and take other corporate actions that our stockholders would otherwise determine to be in their best interests.

Our organizational documents include provisions that may deter hostile takeovers, delay or prevent changes of control or changes in our management, or limit the ability of our stockholders to approve transactions that they may otherwise determine to be in their best interests. These include provisions prohibiting our stockholders from acting by written consent, advance notice requirements for director nominations and stockholder proposals and granting our Board of Directors the authority to issue preferred stock and to determine the rights and preferences of the preferred stock without the need for further stockholder approval.

Most of our outstanding employee stock-based compensation awards include a provision accelerating the vesting of the awards in the event of a change of control under certain circumstances. These and any other change of control provisions may affect the price an acquirer would be willing to pay for our Company.

52

We are also subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law that, subject to exceptions, prohibits us from engaging in any business combinations with any interested stockholder, as defined in that section, for a period of three years following the date on which that stockholder became an interested stockholder.

The provisions described above may discourage, delay or prevent an acquisition of our Company at a price that our stockholders may find attractive. These provisions could also make it more difficult for our stockholders to elect directors and take other corporate actions and could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay for shares of our common stock.