Our business activities, and the oil and gas industry in
 general, are subject to a variety of risks. If any of the
 following risk factors should occur, our profitability,
 financial condition or liquidity could be materially impacted.
 As a result, holders of our securities could lose part or all of
 their investment in Devon.

 Oil, Gas
 and NGL Prices are Volatile

 Our financial results are highly dependent on the general supply
 and demand for oil, gas and NGLs, which impact the prices we
 ultimately realize on our sales of these commodities. A
 significant downward movement of the prices for these
 commodities could have a material adverse effect on our
 revenues, operating cash flows and profitability. Such a
 downward price movement could also have a material adverse
 effect on our estimated proved reserves, the carrying value of
 our oil and gas properties, the level of planned drilling
 activities and future growth. Historically, market prices and
 our realized prices have been volatile and are likely to
 continue to be volatile in the future due to numerous factors
 beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited
 to:

 • 

 consumer demand for oil, gas and NGLs;

 • 

 conservation efforts;

 • 

 OPEC production levels;

 • 

 weather;

 • 

 regional pricing differentials;

 • 

 differing quality of oil produced (i.e., sweet crude versus
 heavy or sour crude);

 • 

 differing quality and NGL content of gas produced;

 • 

 the level of imports and exports of oil, gas and NGLs;

 • 

 the price and availability of alternative fuels;

 • 

 the overall economic environment; and

 • 

 governmental regulations and taxes.

 12

Table of Contents

 Estimates
 of Oil, Gas and NGL Reserves are Uncertain

 The process of estimating oil, gas and NGL reserves is complex
 and requires significant judgment in the evaluation of available
 geological, engineering and economic data for each reservoir,
 particularly for new discoveries. Because of the high degree of
 judgment involved, different reserve engineers may develop
 different estimates of reserve quantities and related revenue
 based on the same data. In addition, the reserve estimates for a
 given reservoir may change substantially over time as a result
 of several factors including additional development activity,
 the viability of production under varying economic conditions
 and variations in production levels and associated costs.
 Consequently, material revisions to existing reserve estimates
 may occur as a result of changes in any of these factors. Such
 revisions to proved reserves could have a material adverse
 effect on our estimates of future net revenue, as well as our
 financial condition and profitability. Additional discussion of
 our policies and internal controls related to estimating and
 recording reserves is described in “Item 2.