Our business activities, and the oil and gas industry in
general, are subject to a variety of risks. Although we have a
diversified asset base, a strong balance sheet and a history of
generating sufficient cash to fund capital expenditure and
investment programs and to pay dividends, if any of the
following risk factors should occur, our profitability,
financial condition and/or liquidity could be materially
impacted. As a result, holders of our securities could lose part
or all of their investment in Devon.

Oil, Natural Gas and NGL Prices are Volatile

Our financial results are highly dependent on the prices of and
demand for oil, natural gas and NGLs. A significant downward
movement of the prices for these commodities could have a
material adverse effect on our estimated proved reserves,
revenues and operating cash flows. Such a downward price
movement could also have a material adverse effect on our
profitability, the carrying value of our oil and gas properties
and future growth. Historically, prices have been volatile and
are likely to continue to be volatile in the future due to
numerous factors beyond our control. These factors include, but
are not limited to:

• 

 consumer demand for oil, natural gas and NGLs;

• 

 conservation efforts;

• 

 OPEC production restraints;

• 

 weather;

• 

 regional market pricing differences;

• 

 differing quality of oil produced (i.e., sweet crude versus
 heavy or sour crude) and Btu content of gas produced;

• 

 the level of imports and exports of oil, natural gas and NGLs;

• 

 the price and availability of alternative fuels;

• 

 the overall economic environment; and

• 

 governmental regulations and taxes.

Estimates of Oil, Natural Gas and NGL Reserves are
Uncertain

The process of estimating oil, gas and NGL reserves is complex
and requires significant judgment in the evaluation of available
geological, engineering and economic data for each reservoir,
particularly for new discoveries. Because of the high degree of
judgment involved, different reserve engineers may develop
different estimates of reserve quantities and related revenue
based on the same data. In addition, the reserve estimates for a
given reservoir may change substantially over time as a result
of several factors including additional development activity,
the viability of production under varying economic conditions
and variations in production levels and associated costs.
Consequently, material revisions to existing reserve estimates
may occur as a result of changes in any of these factors. Such
revisions to proved reserves could have a material adverse
effect on our estimates of future net revenue, as well as our
financial condition and profitability. Additional discussion of
our policies regarding estimating and recording reserves is
described in “Item 2. Properties — Proved
Reserves and Estimated Future Net Revenue”.

Discoveries or Acquisitions of Additional Reserves are Needed
to Avoid a Material Decline in Reserves and Production

The production rate from oil and gas properties generally
declines as reserves are depleted, while related per unit
production costs generally increase due to decreasing reservoir
pressures and other factors. Therefore, our estimated proved
reserves and future oil, gas and NGL production will decline
materially as reserves are produced unless we conduct successful
exploration and development activities or, through engineering
studies, identify additional producing zones in existing wells,
secondary recovery reserves or

13

Table of Contents

tertiary recovery reserves, or acquire additional properties
containing proved reserves. Consequently, our future oil, gas
and NGL production and related per unit production costs are
highly dependent upon our level of success in finding or
acquiring additional reserves.

Future Exploration and Drilling Results are Uncertain and
Involve Substantial Costs

Substantial costs are often required to locate and acquire