Our business activities, and the oil and gas industry in
 general, are subject to a variety of risks. Although we have a
 diversified asset base, a strong balance sheet and a history of
 generating sufficient cash to fund capital expenditure and
 investment programs and to pay dividends, if any of the
 following risk factors should occur, our profitability,
 financial condition
 and/or
 liquidity could be materially impacted. As a result, holders of
 our securities could lose part or all of their investment in
 Devon.

 Oil,
 Natural Gas and NGL Prices are Volatile

 Our financial results are highly dependent on the prices of and
 demand for oil, natural gas and NGLs. A significant downward
 movement of the prices for these commodities could have a
 material adverse effect on our estimated proved reserves,
 revenues and operating cash flows, as well as the level of
 planned drilling activities. Such a downward price movement
 could also have a material adverse effect on our profitability,
 the carrying value of our oil and gas properties and future
 growth. Historically, prices have been volatile and are likely
 to continue to be volatile in the future due to numerous factors
 beyond our control. These factors include, but are not limited
 to:

 • 

 consumer demand for oil, natural gas and NGLs;

 • 

 conservation efforts;

 • 

 OPEC production restraints;

 • 

 weather;

 • 

 regional market pricing differences;

 • 

 differing quality of oil produced (i.e., sweet crude versus
 heavy or sour crude) and Btu content of gas produced;

 • 

 the level of imports and exports of oil, natural gas and NGLs;

 • 

 the price and availability of alternative fuels;

 • 

 the overall economic environment; and

 • 

 governmental regulations and taxes.

 Estimates
 of Oil, Natural Gas and NGL Reserves are Uncertain

 The process of estimating oil, gas and NGL reserves is complex
 and requires significant judgment in the evaluation of available
 geological, engineering and economic data for each reservoir,
 particularly for new discoveries. Because of the high degree of
 judgment involved, different reserve engineers may develop
 different estimates of reserve quantities and related revenue
 based on the same data. In addition, the reserve

 11

Table of Contents

 estimates for a given reservoir may change substantially over
 time as a result of several factors including additional
 development activity, the viability of production under varying
 economic conditions and variations in production levels and
 associated costs. Consequently, material revisions to existing
 reserve estimates may occur as a result of changes in any of
 these factors. Such revisions to proved reserves could have a
 material adverse effect on our estimates of future net revenue,
 as well as our financial condition and profitability. Additional
 discussion of our policies regarding estimating and recording
 reserves is described in “Item 2.