Past
performance may not be a reliable indicator of future financial performance.
Future performance and historical trends may be adversely affected by the
following factors, as well as other variables, and should not be relied upon to
project future period results.

 1.

 Our
 business may be adversely impacted as a result of changes in demand, both
 globally and in individual market segments, for information technology
 outsourcing, business process outsourcing and consulting and systems
 integration services.

Economic
and political uncertainty adversely impact our customers’ demand for our
services. A general economic downturn may adversely impact our customers’ demand
for consulting and systems integration services.  Our federal
government segment generated approximately 35% of our revenue for fiscal 2008.
While the pipeline for government projects continues to be robust, the budget
deficit, the cost of rebuilding infrastructure as a result of natural disasters,
the cost of reconstruction in Iraq and the ongoing conflicts in Iraq and
Afghanistan may reduce the federal government’s demand and available funds
for information technology projects, adversely impacting our federal government
segment and our business.

 2.

 Our
 ability to continue to develop and expand our service offerings to address
 emerging business demands and technological trends will impact our future
 growth. If we are not successful in meeting these business challenges, our
 results of operations and cash flows will be materially and adversely
 affected.

Our
ability to implement solutions for our customers incorporating new developments
and improvements in technology which translate into productivity improvements
for our customers and to develop service offerings that meet the current and
prospective customers’ needs are critical to our success. The markets we serve
are highly competitive. Our competitors may develop solutions or services which
make our offerings obsolete. Our ability to develop and implement up to date
solutions utilizing new technologies which meet evolving customer needs in
consulting and systems integration and technology outsourcing markets will
impact our future revenue growth and earnings.

 3.  

 Our
 primary markets, technology outsourcing and consulting and systems
 integration, are highly competitive markets. If we are unable to compete
 in these highly competitive markets, our results of operations will be
 materially and adversely affected.

Our
competitors include large, technically competent and well capitalized companies.
As a result, the markets which we serve are highly competitive. This competition
may place downward pressure on operating margins in our industry, particularly
for technology outsourcing contract extensions or renewals. As a result, we may
not be able to maintain our current operating margins for technology outsourcing
contracts, extended or renewed in the future.

Any
reductions in margins will require that we effectively manage our cost
structure. If we fail to effectively manage our cost structure during periods
with declining margins, our results of operations will be adversely
affected.

 4.

 Our
 ability to consummate and integrate acquisitions may materially and
 adversely affect our profitability if we fail to achieve anticipated
 revenue improvements and cost
reductions.

Our
ability to successfully integrate the operations we acquire and leverage these
operations to generate revenue and earnings growth will significantly impact
future revenue and earnings as well as investor returns. Integrating acquired
operations is a significant challenge and there is no assurance that the company
will be able to manage the integrations successfully. Failure to successfully
integrate acquired operations may adversely affect our cost structure thereby
reducing our margins and return on investment.

 6

          5.

 Our customers may experience
 financial difficulties and we may not be able to collect our receivables,
 materially and adversely affecting our
 profitability.

Over the
course of a long-term contract, our customers’ financial fortunes may change
affecting their ability to pay their obligations and our ability to collect our
fees for services rendered. Additionally, we may perform work for the federal
government, for which we must file requests for equitable adjustment or claims
with the proper agency to seek recovery in whole or in part for out-of-scope
work directed or caused by the customers in support of their critical missions.
While we may resort to other methods to pursue our claims or collect our
receivables, these methods are expensive and time consuming and success is not
guaranteed. Failure to collect our receivables or prevail on our claims would
have an adverse affect on our profitability.

 6.

 If
 we are unable to accurately estimate the cost of services and the timeline
 for completion of contracts, the profitability of our contracts may be
 materially and adversely affected.

Our
commercial and federal government contracts are typically awarded on a
competitive basis. Our bids are based upon, among other items, the cost to
provide the services. To generate an acceptable return on our investment in
these contracts we must be able to accurately estimate our costs to provide the
services required by the contract and to be able to complete the contracts in a
timely manner. If we fail to accurately estimate our costs or the time required
to complete a contract, the profitability of our contracts may be materially and
adversely affected.

 7.  

 We
 are defendants in pending litigation which may have a material and adverse
 impact on our profitability.

As noted
in Item 3, Legal Proceedings, of this Form 10-K we are currently party to a
number of disputes which involve or may involve litigation. We are not able to
predict the ultimate outcome of these disputes or the actual impact of these
matters on our profitability. If we agree to settle these matters or judgments
secured against us, we will incur charges which may have a material and adverse
impact on our liquidity and earnings.

We are
engaged in providing services under contracts with the U.S. Government. These
contracts are subject to extensive legal and regulatory requirements and, from
time to time, agencies of the U.S. Government investigate whether our operations
are being conducted in accordance with these requirements. U.S. Government
investigations of us, whether related to the Company’s federal government
contracts or conducted for other reasons, could result in administrative, civil
or criminal liabilities, including repayments, fines or penalties being imposed
upon us, or could lead to suspension or debarment from future U.S. Government
contracting.

 8.  

 Our
 ability to provide our customers with competitive services is dependent on
 our ability to attract and retain qualified
 personnel.

Our
ability to grow and provide our customers with competitive services is partially
dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly motivated people with the
skills to serve our customers. As we noted above, the markets we serve are
highly competitive and competition for skilled employees in the technology
outsourcing and consulting and systems integration markets is intense for both
on-shore and offshore locales.

In
addition, services for some government clients require personnel with security
clearances.  Qualified personnel with security clearances are in very
high demand.

 9.  

 Our
 international operations are exposed to risks, including fluctuations in
 exchange rates, which may be beyond our
control.

For
fiscal 2008, we earned approximately 40% of revenues in currencies other than
the U.S. dollar. As a result, we are exposed to various risks associated with
operating in multiple countries including exposure to fluctuations in currency
exchange rates. While this risk is partially mitigated by largely matching costs
with revenues in a given currency, our exposure to fluctuations in other
currencies against the U.S. dollar increases as revenue in currencies other than
the U.S. dollar increase and as more of the services we provide shifted to lower
cost regions of the world. We project that the percentage of our revenue
denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar will continue to represent
a significant portion of our revenue. Also, we project that some of our ability
to match revenue and expenses in a given currency will decrease as more work is
performed at offshore locations.

 7

We
operate in 55 countries and our operations in these countries are subject to the
local legal and political environments. Our operations are subject to, among
other things, employment, taxation, statutory reporting, trade restrictions and
other regulations. In spite of our best efforts, we may not be in compliance
with all regulations around the world and may be subject to penalties and/or
fines as a result. These penalties or fines may materially and adversely impact
our profitability.

 10.

 Our ability to compete in
 certain markets we serve is dependent on our ability to continue to expand
 our capacity in certain offshore locations.  However, as our
 presence in these locations increases
,
 we are exposed to risks
 inherent to these locations which may adversely impact our revenue and
 profitability.

A
significant portion of our application outsourcing and software development
activities have been shifted to India and we plan to continue to expand our
presence there.  As such, we are exposed to the risks inherent to
operating in India including 1) a highly competitive labor market for skilled
workers which may result in significant increases in labor costs as well as
shortages of qualified workers in the future, 2) the tax holiday granted by
certain tax jurisdictions in India to the Company, which currently extends
through 2010, may not be extended or may be revoked resulting in an increase in
income tax expense, 3) the possibility that the U.S. federal government or the
European Union may enact legislation which may provide significant disincentives
to customers to offshore certain of their operations which would reduce the
demand for the services we provide in India and may adversely impact our cost
structure and profitability.

     11.

 In
 the course of providing services to customers, we may inadvertently
 infringe on the intellectual property rights of others and be exposed to
 claims for damages.

The
solutions we provide to our customers may inadvertently infringe on the
intellectual property rights of third parties resulting in claims for damages
against us or our customers. Our contracts generally indemnify our clients from
claims for intellectual property infringement for the services and equipment we
provide under our contracts. The expense and time of defending against these
claims may have a material and adverse impact on our profitability.
Additionally, the publicity we may receive as a result of infringing
intellectual property rights may damage our reputation and adversely impact our
ability to develop new business.

 12.  

 Generally
 our contracts contain provisions under which a customer may terminate the
 contract prior to completion. Early contract terminations may materially
 and adversely affect our revenues and
 profitability.

Our
contracts contain provisions by which customers may terminate the contract prior
to completion of the term of the contract. These contracts generally allow the
customer to terminate the contract for convenience upon providing written
notice. In these cases, we seek, either by defined contract schedules or through
negotiations, recovery of our investments in the contracts. There is no
assurance we will be able to fully recover our investments.

We may
not be able to replace the revenue and earnings from these contracts in the
short-term. In the long-term, our reputation may be harmed by the publicity
generated from contract terminations.

 13.

 We
 may be exposed to negative publicity and other potential risks if we are
 unable to maintain effective internal
controls.

We are
required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to provide a report from
management to our shareholders on our internal control over financial reporting
including an assessment of the effectiveness of these controls to provide
reasonable assurance a material misstatement did not occur in our financial
statements. The failure of our controls to provide reasonable assurance that a
material misstatement does not exist or to detect a material misstatement may
cause us to be unable to meet our filing requirements and the resulting negative
publicity may adversely affect our business, and our stock price may be
materially and adversely affected.

  14.

 We
 have identified a material weakness related to accounting for income
 taxes, and concluded that our internal control over financial reporting
 was not effective as of March 28, 2008.  Inability to maintain
 effective internal control over financial reporting could adversely affect
 our financial results, the market price of our common stock or our
 operations.

The Company has
identified a material weakness related to accounting for income taxes and, as a
result, has concluded that our internal control over financial reporting as of
March 28, 2008 was not effective. Remediation of the material weaknesses may be
costly and time consuming.  Inability to maintain effective internal
control over financial reporting could adversely affect our financial results,
the market price of our common stock or our operations.  See Item 9A,
Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures in this
Form 10-K for further discussion.

 8

 15.

 Our
 largest customer, the U.S. federal government, accounts for a significant
 portion of our revenue and earnings. Inherent in the government
 contracting process are various risks which may materially and adversely
 affect our business and
profitability.

A
significant portion of our revenue, approximately 34%, is derived from contracts
with the U.S. federal government. As a result, our exposure to the risks
inherent in the government contracting process is material. These risks include
government audits of billable contract costs and reimbursable expenses, project
funding and requests for equitable adjustment, compliance with government
reporting requirements as well as the consequences if improper or illegal
activities are discovered.

If any of
these should occur, our reputation may be adversely impacted and our
relationship with the government agencies we work with may be damaged, resulting
in a material and adverse effect on our profitability.

 16.

 Our
 ability to raise additional capital for future needs will impact our
 ability to compete in the markets we
serve.

We may
require additional capital to purchase assets, complete strategic acquisitions,
repurchase shares on the open market or for general liquidity needs. Declines in
our credit rating or limits on our ability to sell additional shares may
adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital or materially increase
our cost of capital. Our inability to raise additional capital at a reasonable
cost may adversely impact our revenue growth and the price of our
stock.

 17.

 As
 a result of the delayed filing of our Form 10-Q for the quarter ending
 September 28, 2007, we are currently ineligible to use Form S-3 to
 register securities with the SEC in capital-raising transactions, which
 may adversely affect our cost of future
capital.

As a
result of the delayed filing of our Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September
28, 2007, we are ineligible to use Form S-3 to register securities for sale by
us or for resale by other security holders, in capital raising transactions,
until we have timely filed all periodic reports under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 for at least 12 calendar months.  In the meantime, for
capital raising transactions, we would need to use Form S-1 to register
securities with the SEC, or issue such securities in a private placement, which
could increase the costs of raising capital during this period.

 18.  

 Our
 performance on contracts on which we have partnered with third parties may
 be adversely affected if the third parties fail to deliver on their
 commitments.

Our
contracts are increasingly complex and require that we partner with parties
including software and hardware vendors to provide the complex solutions
required by our customers. Our ability to deliver the solution and provide the
services required by our customers is dependent on the ability of our partners
to meet their delivery schedules. If our partners fail to deliver their services
or products on time, our ability to complete the contract may be adversely
affected which may have a material and adverse impact on our revenue and
profitability.

If we are
the primary contractor and our partners fail to perform as agreed, we may be
liable to our customers for penalties or lost profits. These penalties or
payments for lost profits may have a material and adverse effect on our
profitability.

        19.

 Our
 inability to protect client information could impair our reputation, and
 we could suffer significant financial
loss.

As one of
the larger companies in the information technology (I/T) and professional
services industry, we are subject to potentially adverse impacts if sensitive
client information is unintentionally lost, stolen, or
compromised.  We are responsible for substantial amounts of sensitive
client information which often includes confidential private, and financial
records.  Failure to protect our clients, could result in reparation
costs and loss of business that may negatively impact our reputation, and
earnings.

        20.

 Changes in
 the Company's tax rates could affect its future
 results.

The
Company's future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of
earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the
valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax laws or
their interpretation. The Company is subject to the continuous examination of
its income tax returns by the Internal Revenue Service and other tax
authorities. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes
resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for
taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations will
not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and
operating results.

 9