Past performance may not be a reliable indicator of future financial performance. Future performance and historical trends may be adversely affected by the following factors, as well as other variables, and should not be relied upon to project future period results.

1.

Our business may be adversely impacted as a result of changes in demand, both globally and in individual market segments, for IT outsourcing, business process outsourcing and consulting and systems integration services. In addition, worldwide economic weakness and uncertainty could adversely affect our revenue and expenses.

Current weakness in worldwide economic conditions and political uncertainty may adversely impact our customers' demand for our services in the markets in which we compete, including our customers' demand for consulting, systems integration and other IT services. Our government customers' demand may also be affected by budgetary and political uncertainties, changing priorities, military conflicts and other events. 

5

2.

We are the subject of an ongoing SEC investigation and an SEC comment letter process, which could divert management's focus, result in substantial investigation expenses and have an adverse impact on our reputation and financial condition and results of operations. 

On May 2, 2011, the Audit Committee commenced its investigation into certain accounting errors and irregularities, primarily in our Nordic region and in our operations in Australia. This investigation also reviewed certain aspects of our accounting practices within our Americas Outsourcing operation and certain of our contracts that involve the percentage-of-completion accounting method, including our contract with the U.K. National Health Service (NHS). As a result of this investigation, we have recorded certain out of period adjustments to our historical financial statements and taken certain remedial measures. 

The SEC is conducting its own investigation into the foregoing areas as well as certain related disclosure matters. 

The Audit Committee determined in August 2012 that its independent investigation was complete. The Audit Committee instructed its independent counsel to cooperate with the SEC's Division of Enforcement by completing production of documents and providing any further information requested by the SEC's Division of Enforcement. 

In addition to the matters noted above, the SEC
'
s Division of Enforcement is continuing its investigation involving its concerns with certain of the Company
'
s prior disclosure and accounting determinations with respect to the Company
'
s contract with the NHS and the possible impact of such matters on the Company
'
s financial statements for years prior to the Company
'
s current fiscal year. The Company and the Audit Committee and its independent counsel are investigating these matters and are continuing to cooperate with the SEC
'
s Division of Enforcement in its investigation. 

In addition, the SEC's Division of Corporation Finance has issued comment letters to the Company requesting, among other things, additional information regarding the Company's previously disclosed accounting adjustments, the Company's conclusions regarding the materiality of such adjustments and the Company's analysis of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures and its internal control over financial reporting. The SEC's Division of Corporation Finance's comment letter process is ongoing, and the Company is continuing to cooperate with that process.

The investigation being conducted by the SEC's Division of Enforcement and the review of our financial disclosures by the SEC's Division of Corporation Finance are continuing and could identify other accounting errors, irregularities and other areas of review. As a result, we have incurred and may continue to incur significant legal and accounting expenditures. We are unable to predict how long the SEC's Division of Enforcement's investigation will continue or whether, at the conclusion of its investigation, the SEC will seek to impose fines or take other actions against us. In addition, we are unable to predict the timing of the completion of the SEC's Division of Corporation Finance's review of our financial disclosures or the outcome of such review. Publicity surrounding the foregoing or any enforcement action as a result of the SEC's investigation, even if ultimately resolved favorably for us, could have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

See Note 
2
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of these investigations and adjustments. 

3.

On August 31, 2012, we entered into a binding interim agreement contract change note (IACCN) with the NHS, which amends the terms of the then current contract with the NHS and forms the basis on which we will finalize a full restatement of the current contract. Under the IACCN, the NHS will not be subject to any trust volume commitment for Lorenzo products and the Company has agreed to non-exclusive deployment rights for all products and services in those regions in which it previously enjoyed exclusivity. 

CSC and the NHS are parties to a contract under which the Company is developing and deploying an integrated electronic patient records system. On August 31, 2012, after a series of negotiations, CSC and NHS entered into the IACCN, which has been approved by all required U.K. government officials, and which amended the terms of the parties' then current contract. Under the IACCN, the parties have agreed to a mutual release of all past or 

6

future disputed amounts under the contract through the date of the IACCN. On March 28, 2013, the Company and the NHS signed a letter agreement that modified certain financial terms of the IACCN. The IACCN will form the basis of an amendment and restatement of the existing NHS contract which the parties are in the process of negotiating. 

Under the IACCN, the NHS will not be subject to any trust volume commitment for Lorenzo (there are no changes in quantities for non-Lorenzo deployments), and the Company has agreed to non-exclusive deployment rights for all products and services in those regions in which it previously enjoyed exclusivity. As a result, the individual trusts can choose third-party software vendors other than CSC to provide a software solution. CSC and the NHS have also agreed to a streamlined approach for trusts which wish to take the Lorenzo products within the NME regions to obtain central funding from the U.K. Department of Health for implementation of the Lorenzo products. In addition, CSC may offer the Lorenzo solution throughout the rest of England where trusts select CSC's solutions through a separate competitive process.

See Note 
18
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion concerning the foregoing matters. 

4.

Contracts with the U.S. federal government and related agencies account for a significant portion of our revenue and earnings. 

Our NPS segment generated approximately 
36.0%
 of our revenue for fiscal 2013. The U.S. government fiscal issues, and continued uncertainty regarding the timing and magnitude of U.S. government budget reductions, may reduce the U.S. federal government's demand and available funds for IT projects, which would have a material adverse impact on our NPS segment and our business. 

We closely monitor federal budget, legislative and contracting trends and activities and continually examine our strategies to take these into consideration. The Budget Control Act of 2011 (“BCA”) commits the U.S. government to reduce the federal deficit over ten years through caps on discretionary spending. The BCA established a Congressional Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction responsible for identifying an additional $1.2 trillion in deficit reductions by November 23, 2011. However, the failure to produce a deficit reduction proposal by this deadline triggered sequestration, which calls for automatic spending cuts split between defense and non-defense programs beginning in 2013 and continuing over a ten-year period. Sequestration was to have gone into effect on January 2, 2013, but The American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 that was signed into law on January 2, 2013 contained provisions that delayed sequestration provisions of the BCA for two months and reduced the mandatory reduction to $85 billion. The sequestration order was approved by the President on March 1, 2013. As a result of sequestration, we have already begun to see our federal government customers becoming more cautious with contract awards and spending, resulting in shorter contract durations, smaller award values and an inclination towards extension of existing customers, and we expect this behavior to continue until the uncertainties are resolved. We are continuously reviewing our operations in an attempt to identify those programs that could be at risk so that we can make appropriate contingency plans. While we are already experiencing reduced funding on some of our programs, and may see further reductions, we do not expect the cancellation of any of our major programs. 

In addition, if the existing statutory limit on the amount of permissible federal debt is not raised by May 19, 2013, we may be required to continue to perform for some period of time on certain of our U.S. government contracts even if the U.S. government is unable to make timely payments. Furthermore, such limits could also potentially delay program/contract start dates in an effort to curb obligations until all debt negotiations are complete or the U.S. government may issue a stop work order and later order the work to resume or may terminate the contract altogether. Any of these events would likely result in a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

5.

Our contracts with the U.S. federal government contain provisions giving government customers certain rights that are unfavorable to us. Such provisions may materially and adversely affect our business and profitability. 

Federal government contracts contain provisions and are subject to laws and regulations that give the federal government rights and remedies not typically found in commercial contracts. Our exposure to the risks inherent in the government contracting process is material. These risks include government audits of billable contract costs 

7

and reimbursable expenses, project funding and requests for equitable adjustment, and compliance with government reporting requirements as well as the consequences if improper or illegal activities are discovered.

If any of these should occur, our reputation may be adversely impacted and our relationship with the government agencies we work with may be damaged, resulting in a material and adverse effect on our profitability.

6.

Our ability to continue to develop and expand our service offerings to address emerging business demands and technological trends will impact our future growth. If we are not successful in meeting these business challenges, our results of operations and cash flows will be materially and adversely affected.

Our ability to implement solutions for our customers incorporating new developments and improvements in technology which translate into productivity improvements for our customers and to develop service offerings that meet current and prospective customers' needs are critical to our success. The markets we serve are highly competitive. Our competitors may develop solutions or services that make our offerings obsolete. Our ability to develop and implement up to date solutions utilizing new technologies which meet evolving customer needs in consulting and systems integration and technology outsourcing markets will impact our future revenue growth and earnings.

7.

Our primary markets, technology outsourcing and consulting and systems integration, are highly competitive markets. If we are unable to compete in these highly competitive markets, our results of operations will be materially and adversely affected.

Our competitors include large, technically competent and well capitalized companies, some of which have emerged as a result of industry consolidation, as well as “pure play” companies that have a single product focus. The competition created by these companies may place downward pressure on operating margins in our industry, particularly for technology outsourcing contract extensions or renewals. As a result, we may not be able to maintain our current operating margins, or achieve favorable operating margins, for technology outsourcing contracts extended or renewed in the future.

Any reductions in margins will require that we effectively manage our cost structure. If we fail to effectively manage our cost structure during periods with declining margins, our results of operations will be adversely affected.

8.

Our ability to raise additional capital for future needs will impact our ability to compete in the markets we serve.

In fiscal 2012, Standard and Poor's Rating Services ("S&P") downgraded the Company from A- to BBB+ with a negative credit watch. On May 17, 2012, Moody's Investors Service, Inc. downgraded the Company's senior unsecured rating to Baa2 from Baa1 with a stable outlook and confirmed its short term rating at Prime-2. On May 22, 2012, S&P and Fitch Ratings LTD ("Fitch") lowered the Company's credit rating to BBB with a negative outlook. On March 5, 2013 and March 8, 2013, S&P and Fitch, respectively, raised the Company's outlook to stable.

Our credit ratings are based upon information furnished by us or obtained by a rating agency from its own sources and are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by one or more rating agencies at any time. Rating agencies may review the ratings assigned to us due to developments that are beyond our control, including as a result of new standards requiring the agencies to reassess rating practices and methodologies. 

If further downgrades in our credit ratings were to occur, it could result in higher interest costs under certain of our credit facilities. It would also cause our future borrowing costs to increase and limit our access to capital markets. Further downgrades could negatively impact the perception of the Company by lenders and other third parties. In addition, certain of the Company's major contracts provide customers with a right of termination in certain circumstances in the event of a rating downgrade below investment grade. 

8

9.

We may be unable to identify future attractive acquisitions, which may adversely affect our growth. In addition, our ability to consummate or integrate acquisitions we consummate may materially and adversely affect our profitability if we fail to achieve anticipated revenue improvements and cost reductions.

We intend to identify strategic acquisitions that will allow us to expand our operations. However, we may be unable to identify attractive candidates or complete acquisitions on terms favorable to us. In addition, our ability to successfully integrate the operations we acquire and leverage these operations to generate revenue and earnings growth will significantly impact future revenue and earnings as well as investor returns. Integrating acquired operations is a significant challenge and there is no assurance that the Company will be able to manage such integrations successfully. Failure to successfully integrate acquired operations may adversely affect our cost structure, thereby reducing our margins and return on investment.

10.

We could suffer additional losses due to asset impairment charges.

We test our goodwill for impairment during the second quarter of every year, and on an interim date should events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable in accordance with ASC 350 "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets". If the fair value of a reporting unit is revised downward due to declines in business performance or other factors, an impairment under ASC 350 could result and a non-cash charge could be required. 

We also test certain equipment and deferred cost balances associated with contracts when the contract is materially underperforming or is expected to materially underperform in the future, as compared to the original bid model or budget. If the projected cash flows of a particular contract are not adequate to recover the unamortized cost balance of the asset group, the balance is adjusted in the tested period based on the contract's fair value. Either of these impairments could materially affect our reported net earnings.

11.

If our customers experience financial difficulties or request out-of-scope work, we may not be able to collect our receivables, which would materially and adversely affect our profitability.

Over the course of a long-term contract, our customers' financial condition may change such that their ability to pay their obligations, and our ability to collect our fees for services rendered, is adversely affected. Additionally, we may perform work for the U.S. federal government, with respect to which we must file requests for equitable adjustment or claims with the proper agency to seek recovery in whole or in part, for out-of-scope work directed or caused by the government customer in support of its critical missions. While we may resort to other methods to pursue our claims or collect our receivables, these methods are expensive and time consuming and successful collection is not guaranteed. Failure to collect our receivables or prevail on our claims would have an adverse affect on our profitability.

12.

If we are unable to accurately estimate the cost of services and the timeline for completion of contracts, the profitability of our contracts may be materially and adversely affected.

Our commercial and federal government contracts are typically awarded on a competitive basis. Our bids are based upon, among other items, the cost to provide the services. To generate an acceptable return on our investment in these contracts, we must be able to accurately estimate our costs to provide the services required by the contract and to complete the contracts in a timely manner. In addition, revenues from some of our contracts are recognized using the percentage-of-completion method, which requires estimates of total costs at completion, fees earned on the contract, or both. This estimation process, particularly due to the technical nature of the services being performed and the long-term nature of certain contracts, is complex and involves significant judgment. Adjustments to original estimates are often required as work progresses, experience is gained and additional information becomes known, even though the scope of the work required under the contract may not change. If we fail to accurately estimate our costs or the time required to complete a contract, the profitability of our contracts may be materially and adversely affected. 

9

13.

We are defendants in pending litigation that may have a material and adverse impact on our profitability.

As noted in Part I, Item 3, "Legal Proceedings" and Note 
20
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we are currently party to a number of disputes which involve or may involve litigation. We are not able to predict the ultimate outcome of these disputes or the actual impact of these matters on our profitability. If we agree to settle these matters or judgments are secured against us, we may incur liabilities which may have a material and adverse impact on our liquidity and earnings.

14.

Our contracts with U.S. governmental agencies are subject to regulations, audits and cost adjustments by the U.S. government, which could materially and adversely affect our operations.

We are engaged in providing services under contracts with U.S. government agencies. These contracts are subject to extensive legal and regulatory requirements and, from time to time, such agencies investigate whether our operations are being conducted in accordance with these requirements. These investigations may include a review of our performance on contracts, pricing practices, cost structure and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. U.S. government investigations of us, whether related to the Company's federal government contracts or conducted for other reasons, could result in administrative, civil or criminal liabilities, including repayments, fines or penalties being imposed upon us, or could lead to suspension or debarment from future U.S. government contracting. In addition, we could suffer serious reputational harm. 

15.

Our ability to provide our customers with competitive services is dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel.

Our ability to grow and provide our customers with competitive services is partially dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly motivated people with the skills necessary to serve our customers. As noted above, the markets we serve are highly competitive and competition for skilled employees in the technology outsourcing and consulting and systems integration markets is intense for both on-shore and offshore locales. The loss of personnel could impair our ability to perform under certain of our contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

16.

Our ability to perform services for certain of our government clients is dependent on our ability to maintain necessary security clearances. 

Select U.S. and non-U.S. government clients require CSC to maintain security clearances for certain of our facilities used in the performance of classified contracts. Employees who perform under certain government contracts are required to possess appropriate personnel security clearances for access to classified information granted by the respective government. The competition for qualified personnel who possess security clearance is very strong in certain public sector markets. In the event that a government customer were to revoke the facility and/or personnel clearances of all or substantially all of the employees performing work under a classified contract, such revocation could be grounds for termination of the contract by the government customer. Similarly, if the Company is unable to hire sufficient qualified and cleared personnel to meet contractual commitments, a contract could be terminated for non-performance. Under either circumstance, such termination, depending on the contract value, could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

17.

Our international operations are exposed to risks, including fluctuations in exchange rates, which may be beyond our control.

For fiscal 
2013
, approximately 
38%
 of our recognized revenues were denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The exposure to currencies other than the U.S. dollar may impact our results as they are expressed in U.S. dollars. In particular, the uncertainty with respect to the ability of certain European countries to continue to service their sovereign debt obligations and the related European financial restructuring efforts may cause the value of the euro to fluctuate. Currency variations also contribute to variations in sales of products and services in impacted jurisdictions. For example, in the event that one or more European countries were to replace the euro with another currency, sales in that country or in Europe generally may be adversely affected until stable exchange rates are established. While currency risk, including exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, is partially mitigated largely by matching costs with revenues in a given currency, our exposure to 

10

fluctuations in other currencies against the U.S. dollar increases as revenue in currencies other than the U.S. dollar increase and as more of the services we provide are shifted to lower cost regions of the world. We believe that the percentage of our revenue denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar will continue to represent a significant portion of our revenue. Also, we believe that our ability to match revenue and expenses in a given currency will decrease as more work is performed at offshore locations.

We operate in approximately seventy countries and our operations in these countries are subject to the local legal and political environments. Our operations are subject to, among other things, employment, tax, statutory reporting, trade restriction and other regulations. Notwithstanding our best efforts, we may not be in compliance with all regulations in the countries in which we operate and may be subject to penalties and/or fines as a result. These penalties or fines may materially and adversely impact our profitability.

18.

We may be exposed to negative publicity and other potential risks if we are unable to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting.

We are required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to include a report of management on the Company's internal controls that contains an assessment by management of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, the public accounting firm auditing our financial statements must report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to conclude that we have effective internal control over financial reporting or, if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to provide us with an unqualified report as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of each fiscal year end, we may be exposed to negative publicity. The resulting negative publicity may materially and adversely affect our business and stock price.

19.

In the course of providing services to customers, we may inadvertently infringe on the intellectual property rights of others and be exposed to claims for damages.

The solutions we provide to our customers may inadvertently infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties resulting in claims for damages against us or our customers. Our contracts generally indemnify our clients from claims for intellectual property infringement for the services and equipment we provide under our contracts. The expense and time of defending against these claims may have a material and adverse impact on our profitability. Additionally, the publicity we may receive as a result of infringing intellectual property rights may damage our reputation and adversely impact our ability to develop new business.

20.

Our contracts generally contain provisions under which a customer may terminate the contract prior to completion. Early contract terminations may materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability.

Our contracts typically contain provisions by which customers may terminate the contract prior to completion of the term of the contract. These contracts generally allow the customer to terminate the contract for convenience upon providing written notice. If a contract is terminated for convenience, we seek, either by defined contract schedules or through negotiations, recovery of our property, plant, equipment, outsourcing costs, investments, and other intangibles. However, there is no assurance we will be able to fully recover our investments.

We may not be able to replace the revenue and earnings from these contracts in the short-term. In the long-term, our reputation may be harmed by the publicity generated from contract terminations.

21.

Our ability to compete in certain markets we serve is dependent on our ability to continue to expand our capacity in certain offshore locations. However, as our presence in these locations increases, we are exposed to risks inherent to these locations which may adversely impact our revenue and profitability.

A significant portion of our application outsourcing and software development activities have been shifted to India, and we plan to continue to expand our presence there and in other lower cost locations. As such, we are exposed to the risks inherent to operating in India including (1) a highly competitive labor market for skilled workers which may result in significant increases in labor costs as well as shortages of qualified workers in the future, and (2) the possibility that the U.S. federal government or the European Union may enact legislation that provides significant disincentives for customers to locate certain of their operations offshore which would reduce the demand for the services we provide in India and may adversely impact our cost structure and profitability. In 

11

addition, India has recently experienced civil unrest and acts of terrorism and has been involved in confrontations with Pakistan. If India continues to experience this civil unrest or if its conflicts with Pakistan escalate, our operations in India could be adversely affected.

22.

Our performance on contracts, including those on which we have partnered with third parties, may be adversely affected if we or the third parties fail to deliver on commitments.

Our contracts are increasingly complex and, in some instances, require that we partner with other parties, including software and hardware vendors, to provide the complex solutions required by our customers. Our ability to deliver the solutions and provide the services required by our customers is dependent on our and our partners' ability to meet our customers' delivery schedules. If we or our partners fail to deliver services or products on time, our ability to complete the contract may be adversely affected, which may have a material and adverse impact on our revenue and profitability.

23.

Security breaches or service interruptions could expose us to liability or impair our reputation, which could cause significant financial loss.

As a U.S. government contractor and a provider of information technology services operating in a number of regulated industries and countries, we handle sensitive data of our clients, including personal information and information relating to sensitive government functions. In the ordinary course of our business, we develop, install and maintain systems and networks that manage and store this data. The security and privacy of information stored or managed by our systems is subject to numerous international, U.S. federal and state laws. While we maintain information security policies and procedures designed to comply with relevant privacy and security laws and restrictions, if a system or network that we develop, install or maintain were to fail or experience a security breach or service interruption, we may be subject to significant legal and financial exposure, damage to our reputation, and loss of confidence in the security of our products and services.

24.

Changes in the Company's tax rates could affect our future results.

Our future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax laws or their interpretation. We are subject to the continuous examination of its income tax returns by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.

25.

We may be adversely affected by disruptions in the credit markets, including disruptions that reduce our customers' access to credit and increase the costs to our customers of obtaining credit.

The credit markets have historically been volatile and therefore it is not possible for the Company to predict the ability of our clients and customers to access short-term financing and other forms of capital. If a disruption in the credit markets were to occur, it could also pose a risk to our business if customers and suppliers are unable to obtain financing to meet payment or delivery obligations to the Company. In addition, customers may decide to downsize, defer or cancel contracts which could negatively affect our revenue.

26.

Our foreign currency hedging program is subject to counterparty default risk.

We enter into foreign currency forward contracts and options with a number of counterparties. As of 
March 29, 2013
, we had outstanding foreign currency forward contracts with a notional value of 
$993 million
 and outstanding option contracts with a notional value of 
$744 million
. As a result, we are subject to the risk that the counterparty to one or more of these contracts defaults on its performance under the contract. During an economic downturn, the counterparty's financial condition may deteriorate rapidly and with little notice and we may be unable to take action to protect our exposure. In the event of a counterparty default, we could incur significant losses, which may harm our business and financial condition. In the event that one or more of our counterparties becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy, our ability to eventually recover any losses suffered as a result of that counterparty's default may be limited by the liquidity of the counterparty.

12

27.

We derive significant revenue and profit from contracts awarded through competitive bidding processes, which can impose substantial costs on us, and we will not achieve revenue and profit objectives if we fail to bid on such projects effectively. 

We derive significant revenue and profit from contracts that are awarded through competitive bidding processes. We expect that most of the government business we seek in the foreseeable future will be awarded through competitive bidding. Competitive bidding imposes substantial costs and presents a number of risks, including: 

•

the substantial cost and managerial time and effort that we spend to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may or may not be awarded to us;

•

the need to estimate accurately the resources and costs that will be required to service any contracts we are awarded, sometimes in advance of the final determination of their full scope and design; 

•

the expense and delay that may arise if our competitors protest or challenge awards made to us pursuant to competitive bidding, and the risk that such protests or challenges could result in the requirement to resubmit bids, and in the termination, reduction, or modification of the awarded contracts; and

•

the opportunity cost of not bidding on and winning other contracts we might otherwise pursue.

28.

Catastrophic events or climate conditions may disrupt our business.

The Company and its customers are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign government requirements relating to the protection of the environment. Our revenues and results of operations may be adversely affected by the passage of climate change and other environmental legislation and regulations. For example, new legislation or regulations may result in increased costs directly relating to our compliance or indirectly to the extent that such requirements increase prices charged to us by vendors because of increased compliance costs. At this point, we are unable to determine the impact that climate change and other environmental legislation and regulations could have on our overall business.