Past performance
may not be a reliable indicator of future financial
performance.  Future performance and historical trends may be
adversely affected by the following factors, as well as other variables, and
should not be relied upon to project future period results.

 1.  

 Our
 business may be adversely impacted as a result of changes in demand, both
 globally and in individual market segments, for information technology
 outsourcing, business process outsourcing and consulting and systems
 integration services.

Economic and
political uncertainty may adversely impact our customers’ demand for our
services.  A general economic downturn, such as the current worldwide
economic dislocation, has and may continue to adversely affect our customers’
demand for consulting and systems integration services.  Our NPS
segment generated approximately 36% of our revenue for fiscal
2009.  While the pipeline for government projects continues to be
generally less affected by economic downturns, the U.S. budget deficit, the cost
of rebuilding infrastructure as a result of natural disasters, the cost of
reconstruction in Iraq, the ongoing conflicts in Iraq and Afghanistan, and the
financial industry liquidity crisis may reduce the U.S. federal government’s
demand and available funds for information technology projects, adversely
impacting our NPS segment and our business.

 2.  

 Our
 ability to continue to develop and expand our service offerings to address
 emerging business demands and technological trends will impact our future
 growth.  If we are not successful in meeting these business
 challenges, our results of operations and cash flows will be materially
 and adversely affected.

Our ability to
implement solutions for our customers incorporating new developments and
improvements in technology which translate into productivity improvements for
our customers and to develop service offerings that meet the current and
prospective customers’ needs are critical to our success.  The markets
we serve are highly competitive.  Our competitors may develop
solutions or services which make our offerings obsolete.  Our ability
to develop and implement up to date solutions utilizing new technologies which
meet evolving customer needs in consulting and systems integration and
technology outsourcing markets will impact our future revenue growth and
earnings.

 3.  

 Our
 primary markets, technology outsourcing and consulting and systems
 integration, are
 highly competitive markets.  If we are unable to compete in
 these highly competitive markets, our results of operations will be
 materially and adversely affected.

Our competitors
include large, technically competent and well capitalized
companies.  As a result, the markets which we serve are highly
competitive.  This competition may place downward pressure on
operating margins in our industry, particularly for technology outsourcing
contract extensions or renewals.  As a result, we may not be able to
maintain our current operating margins for technology outsourcing contracts,
extended or renewed in the future.

Any reductions in
margins will require that we effectively manage our cost
structure.  If we fail to effectively manage our cost structure during
periods with declining margins, our results of operations will be adversely
affected.

 6

 4.  

 Our
 ability to raise additional capital for future needs will impact our
 ability to compete in the markets we
serve.

We
may require additional capital to purchase assets, complete strategic
acquisitions, repurchase shares on the open market or for general liquidity
needs.  Declines in our credit rating or limits on our ability to sell
additional shares may adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital
at a reasonable cost and may adversely impact our revenue growth and the price
of our stock.

 5.  

 Our
 ability to consummate and integrate acquisitions may materially and
 adversely affect our profitability if we fail to achieve anticipated
 revenue improvements and cost
reductions.

Our ability to
successfully integrate the operations we acquire and leverage these operations
to generate revenue and earnings growth will significantly impact future revenue
and earnings as well as investor returns.  Integrating acquired
operations is a significant challenge and there is no assurance that the company
will be able to manage the integrations successfully.  Failure to
successfully integrate acquired operations may adversely affect our cost
structure thereby reducing our margins and return on investment.

 6.  

 We
 could suffer losses due to asset impairment
 charges.

We
test our goodwill for impairment during the second quarter every year, and on an
interim date should events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying
value of goodwill may not be recoverable in accordance with SFAS No. 142,
“Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets.” If the fair value of a reporting unit is
revised downward due to declines in business performance or other factors,
impairment under SFAS 142 could result and a non-cash charge could be required.
This could materially affect our reported net earnings.

 7.  

 Our
 customers may experience financial difficulties and we may not be able to
 collect our receivables, materially and adversely affecting our
 profitability.

Over the course of
a long-term contract, our customers’ financial fortunes may change affecting
their ability to pay their obligations and our ability to collect our fees for
services rendered.  Additionally, we may perform work for the federal
government, for which we must file requests for equitable adjustment or claims
with the proper agency to seek recovery in whole or in part for out-of-scope
work directed or caused by the customers in support of their critical
missions.  While we may resort to other methods to pursue our claims
or collect our receivables, these methods are expensive and time consuming and
success is not guaranteed.  Failure to collect our receivables or
prevail on our claims would have an adverse affect on our
profitability.

 8.  

 If
 we are unable to accurately estimate the cost of services and the timeline
 for completion of contracts, the profitability of our contracts may be
 materially and adversely affected.

Our commercial and
federal government contracts are typically awarded on a competitive
basis.  Our bids are based upon, among other items, the cost to
provide the services.  To generate an acceptable return on our
investment in these contracts we must be able to accurately estimate our costs
to provide the services required by the contract and to be able to complete the
contracts in a timely manner.  If we fail to accurately estimate our
costs or the time required to complete a contract, the profitability of our
contracts may be materially and adversely affected.

 9.  

 We
 are defendants in pending litigation which may have a material and adverse
 impact on our profitability.

 7

As noted in Item 3,
Legal Proceedings, we are currently party to a number of disputes which involve
or may involve litigation.  We are not able to predict the ultimate
outcome of these disputes or the actual impact of these matters on our
profitability.  If we agree to settle these matters or judgments are
secured against us, we will incur charges which may have a material and adverse
impact on our liquidity and earnings.

We
are engaged in providing services under contracts with the U.S.
government.  These contracts are subject to extensive legal and
regulatory requirements and, from time to time, agencies of the U.S. government
investigate whether our operations are being conducted in accordance with these
requirements.  U.S. government investigations of us, whether related
to the Company’s federal government contracts or conducted for other reasons,
could result in administrative, civil or criminal liabilities, including
repayments, fines or penalties being imposed upon us, or could lead to
suspension or debarment from future U.S. government contracting.

 10.  

 Our
 ability to provide our customers with competitive services is dependent on
 our ability to attract and retain qualified
 personnel.

Our ability to grow
and provide our customers with competitive services is partially dependent on
our ability to attract and retain highly motivated people with the skills to
serve our customers.  As we noted above, the markets we serve are
highly competitive and competition for skilled employees in the technology
outsourcing and consulting and systems integration markets is intense for both
on-shore and offshore locales.

In
addition, services for some government clients require personnel with security
clearances.  Qualified personnel with security clearances are in very
high demand.

 11.  

 Our
 international operations are exposed to risks, including fluctuations in
 exchange rates, which may be beyond our
control.

For fiscal 2009,
approximately 38% of recognized revenues were denominated in currencies other
than the U.S. dollar. As a result, we are exposed to various risks associated
with operating in multiple countries including exposure to fluctuations in
currency exchange rates. While this risk is partially mitigated by largely
matching costs with revenues in a given currency, our exposure to fluctuations
in other currencies against the U.S. dollar increases as revenue in currencies
other than the U.S. dollar increase and as more of the services we provide are
shifted to lower cost regions of the world. We believe that the percentage of
our revenue denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar will continue
to represent a significant portion of our revenue. Also, we believe that
some of our ability to match revenue and expenses in a given currency will
decrease as more work is performed at offshore locations.

We
operate in approximately 80 countries and our operations in these countries
are subject to the local legal and political environments. Our operations are
subject to, among other things, employment, taxation, statutory reporting, trade
restrictions and other regulations. In spite of our best efforts, we may not be
in compliance with all regulations around the world and may be subject to
penalties and/or fines as a result. These penalties or fines may materially and
adversely impact our profitability.

 12.  

 Our
 ability to compete in certain markets we serve is dependent on our ability
 to continue to expand our capacity in certain offshore
 locations.  However, as our presence in these locations
 increases, we are exposed to risks inherent to these locations which may
 adversely impact our revenue and
profitability.

 8

A
significant portion of our application outsourcing and software development
activities have been shifted to India and we plan to continue to expand our
presence there.  As such, we are exposed to the risks inherent to
operating in India including (1) a highly competitive labor market for skilled
workers which may result in significant increases in labor costs as well as
shortages of qualified workers in the future, (2) the tax holiday granted by
certain tax jurisdictions in India to the Company, which currently extends
through 2010, may not be extended or may be revoked resulting in an increase in
income tax expense, (3) the possibility that the U.S. federal government or the
European Union may enact legislation which may provide significant disincentives
to customers to offshore certain of their operations which would reduce the
demand for the services we provide in India and may adversely impact our cost
structure and profitability.

 13.  

 In
 the course of providing services to customers, we may inadvertently
 infringe on the intellectual property rights of others and be exposed to
 claims for damages.

The solutions we
provide to our customers may inadvertently infringe on the intellectual property
rights of third parties resulting in claims for damages against us or our
customers.  Our contracts generally indemnify our clients from claims
for intellectual property infringement for the services and equipment we provide
under our contracts.  The expense and time of defending against these
claims may have a material and adverse impact on our
profitability.  Additionally, the publicity we may receive as a result
of infringing intellectual property rights may damage our reputation and
adversely impact our ability to develop new business.

 14.  

 Generally
 our contracts contain provisions under which a customer may terminate the
 contract prior to completion.  Early contract terminations may
 materially and adversely affect our revenues and
 profitability.

Our contracts
contain provisions by which customers may terminate the contract prior to
completion of the term of the contract.  These contracts generally
allow the customer to terminate the contract for convenience upon providing
written notice.  In these cases, we seek, either by defined contract
schedules or through negotiations, recovery of our property, plant, equipment,
outsourcing costs, investments, and other intangibles.  There is no
assurance we will be able to fully recover our investments.

We
may not be able to replace the revenue and earnings from these contracts in the
short-term.  In the long-term, our reputation may be harmed by the
publicity generated from contract terminations.

 15.  

 We
 may be exposed to negative publicity and other potential risks if we are
 unable to maintain effective internal
controls.

We
are required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to provide a report from
management to our shareholders on our internal control over financial reporting
including an assessment of the effectiveness of these controls to provide
reasonable assurance a material misstatement will not occur in our financial
statements.  The failure of our controls to provide reasonable
assurance that a material misstatement does not exist or to detect a material
misstatement may cause us to be unable to meet our filing requirements and the
resulting negative publicity may adversely affect our business, and our stock
price may be materially and adversely affected.

 16.  

 Our
 largest customer, the U.S. federal government, accounts for a significant
 portion of our revenue and earnings.  Inherent in the government
 contracting process are various risks which may materially and adversely
 affect our business and
profitability.

 9

A
significant portion of our revenue is derived from contracts with the U.S.
federal government.  As a result, our exposure to the risks inherent
in the government contracting process is material.  These risks
include government audits of billable contract costs and reimbursable expenses,
project funding and requests for equitable adjustment, compliance with
government reporting requirements as well as the consequences if improper or
illegal activities are discovered.

If
any of these should occur, our reputation may be adversely impacted and our
relationship with the government agencies we work with may be damaged, resulting
in a material and adverse effect on our profitability.

 17.  

 Our
 performance on contracts on which we have partnered with third parties may
 be adversely affected if the third parties fail to deliver on their
 commitments.

Our contracts are
increasingly complex and require that we partner with other parties including
software and hardware vendors to provide the complex solutions required by our
customers.  Our ability to deliver the solution and provide the
services required by our customers is dependent on the ability of our partners
to meet their delivery schedules.  If our partners fail to deliver
their services or products on time, our ability to complete the contract may be
adversely affected which may have a material and adverse impact on our revenue
and profitability.

If
we are the primary contractor and our partners fail to perform as agreed, we may
be liable to our customers for penalties or lost profits.  These
penalties or payments for lost profits may have a material and adverse effect on
our profitability.

 18.  

 Our
 inability to protect client information could impair our reputation, and
 we could suffer significant financial
loss.

As
one of the larger companies in the IT and professional services industry, we are
subject to potentially adverse impacts if sensitive client information is
unintentionally lost, stolen, or compromised.  We are responsible for
substantial amounts of sensitive client information which often includes
confidential, private, and financial records.  Failure to protect our
clients could result in reparation costs and loss of business that may
negatively impact our reputation and earnings.

 19.  

 Changes
 in the Company’s tax rates could affect its future
 results.

The Company’s
future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings
in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of
deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax laws or their
interpretation.  The Company is subject to the continuous examination
of its income tax returns by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other tax
authorities.  The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse
outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its
provision for taxes.  There can be no assurance that the outcomes from
these examinations will not have a material adverse effect on the Company’s
financial condition and operating results.

The recently
proposed Obama administration international tax provisions may adversely affect
our results. The Company has significant operations overseas, especially in
India, and the new proposals may adversely affect our costs and margins. Also,
some of these proposals may cause our financial services segment to be less
globally competitive as tax rates would increase costs of doing business
globally.

 20.  

 We
 may be adversely affected by disruptions in the credit markets, including
 reduced access to credit and higher costs of obtaining
 credit.

 10

Given the recent
volatility of the credit markets, it is not possible to predict when credit
conditions will ease and short term financing will become more readily
available.  Continued uncertainty in the global economic conditions
and the liquidity crisis also pose a risk to the Company’s business as customers
and suppliers may be unable to obtain financing to meet payment or delivery
obligations to the Company.  In addition, customers may decide to
downsize, defer or cancel contracts which could negatively affect
revenue.

 21.  

 Our
 foreign currency hedging program is subject to counterparty default
 risk.

The Company enters
into numerous types of financing arrangements with a wide array of
counterparties related to foreign currency forward contracts and purchased
options.  As of April 3, 2009, the Company had outstanding foreign
currency forward contracts with a notional value of $951.2 million. The terms of
these contracts are often customized and complex.  As a result, the
Company is subject to the risk that the counterparty to one or more of these
contracts defaults, either voluntarily or involuntarily, on its performance
under the contract.  During this current global economic downturn, the
counterparty’s financial condition may deteriorate rapidly and with little
notice and we may be unable to take action to protect our
exposure.  In the event of a counterparty default, we could incur
significant losses, which may harm our business and financial
condition.  In the event that one or more of our counterparties
becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy, our ability to eventually recover any
losses suffered as a result of that counterparty’s default may be limited by the
liquidity of the counterparty.