Past performance may not be a reliable indicator of future financial performance. Future performance and historical trends may be adversely affected by the following factors, as well as other variables, and should not be relied upon to project future period results.

1.

Our business may be adversely impacted as a result of changes in demand, both globally and in individual market segments, for consulting, industry software & solutions, application services and next-generation cloud offerings. In addition, worldwide economic weakness and uncertainty could adversely affect our revenue and expenses.

Current weakness in worldwide economic conditions and political uncertainty may adversely impact our customers' demand for our services in the markets in which we compete, including our customers' demand for consulting, industry software & solutions, application services and next-generation cloud offerings and other IT services. Our government customers' demand may also be affected by budgetary and political uncertainties, changing priorities, military conflicts and other events. 

6

2.

We are the subject of an ongoing SEC investigation and related Wells notice process as well as an SEC comment letter process, which could divert management's focus, result in substantial investigation expenses, monetary fines, and other possible remedies and have an adverse impact on our reputation and financial condition and results of operations. 

On May 2, 2011, the Audit Committee commenced its investigation into certain accounting errors and irregularities, primarily in our Nordic region and in our operations in Australia. This investigation also reviewed certain aspects of our accounting practices within our Americas Outsourcing operation and certain of our contracts that involve the percentage-of-completion accounting method, including our contract with the U.K. National Health Service (NHS). As a result of this investigation, we have recorded certain out of period adjustments to our historical financial statements and taken certain remedial measures. 

The SEC's Division of Enforcement is conducting its own investigation into the foregoing areas as well as certain related disclosure matters. The Audit Committee determined in August 2012 that its independent investigation was complete and instructed its independent counsel to cooperate with the SEC's Division of Enforcement by completing production of documents and providing any further information requested by the SEC's Division of Enforcement. 

In addition to the matters noted above, the SEC
'
s Division of Enforcement is continuing its investigation involving its concerns with certain of the Company
'
s prior disclosures and accounting determinations with respect to the Company
'
s contract with the NHS and the possible impact of such matters on the Company
'
s financial statements for years prior to the Company
'
s current fiscal year. The Company and the Audit Committee and its independent counsel are continuing to respond to SEC questions and to cooperate with the SEC
'
s Division of Enforcement in its investigation of prior disclosures and accounting determinations with respect to the Company's contract with the NHS. The SEC's investigative activities are ongoing. 

In addition, the SEC's Division of Corporation Finance has issued comment letters to the Company requesting, among other things, additional information regarding the Company's previously disclosed accounting adjustments, the Company's conclusions regarding the materiality of such adjustments and the Company's analysis of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures and its internal control over financial reporting. The SEC's Division of Corporation Finance's comment letter process is ongoing, and the Company is continuing to cooperate with that process.

The investigation being conducted by the SEC's Division of Enforcement and the review of our financial disclosures by the SEC's Division of Corporation Finance are continuing and could identify other accounting errors, irregularities and other areas of review. As a result, we have incurred and may continue to incur significant legal and accounting expenditures. As the Company previously disclosed, certain of its non-U.S. employees and certain of its former employees, including certain former executives in the United States, have received Wells notices from the SEC’s Division of Enforcement in connection with its ongoing investigation of the Company. The Company received a Wells notice from the SEC’s Division of Enforcement on December 11, 2013. A Wells notice is not a formal allegation or a finding of wrongdoing; it is a preliminary determination by the SEC Enforcement Staff to recommend that the Commission file a civil enforcement action or administrative proceeding against the recipient. Under SEC procedures, a recipient of a Wells notice has an opportunity to respond in the form of a Wells submission that seeks to persuade the Commission that such an action should not be brought. The Company has been availing itself of the Wells process by making a Wells submission to explain its views concerning such matters, which are aided by its Audit Committee's independent investigation and certain expert opinions of outside professionals. The Company made such a submission on January 14, 2014 and a supplemental submission on April 9, 2014. The Company, through outside counsel, has been in continuing discussions with the SEC Enforcement Staff concerning a potential resolution of the staff’s investigation involving the Company. However, to date those discussions have not resulted in a resolution. The Company is unable to estimate with confidence or certainty how long the SEC process will last or its ultimate outcome, including whether the Company will reach a settlement with the SEC and, if so, the amount of any related monetary fine and other possible remedies. In addition, we are unable to predict the timing of the completion of the SEC's Division of Corporation Finance's review of our financial disclosures or the outcome of such review. Publicity surrounding the foregoing or any enforcement action as a result of the SEC's investigation, even if ultimately 

7

resolved favorably for us, could have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

See Note 
2
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a discussion of these investigations and adjustments. 

3.

On October 4, 2013, we entered into a binding revised project agreement (RPA) with the NHS, which consolidates the three regional contracts which comprised the Company's NHS contract into a single agreement. Under the RPA, the NHS is not subject to any trust volume commitment for Lorenzo products and the Company has agreed to non-exclusive deployment rights for all products and services in those regions in which it previously enjoyed exclusivity. The RPA effected certain changes with respect to the Company
’
s non-Lorenzo products.

CSC and the NHS are parties to a contract under which the Company is developing and deploying an integrated electronic patient records system. On August 31, 2012, after a series of negotiations, CSC and NHS entered into an interim agreement contract change note (IACCN), which was approved by all required U.K. government officials, and which amended the terms of the parties' then current contract. On March 28, 2013, the Company and the NHS signed a letter agreement that modified certain financial terms of the IACCN. On October 4, 2013, the Company and NHS finalized a full restatement of the contract through the RPA. The RPA embodies and incorporates the principal terms of the IACCN and the letter agreement, makes certain other changes with respect the Company
’
s non-Lorenzo product deployments and consolidates the three regional contracts which comprised the Company's NHS contract into a single agreement. The RPA has been approved by all required U.K. government officials. 

Under terms first agreed in the IACCN (and as now embodied in the RPA), the NHS is not subject to any trust volume commitment for Lorenzo, and the Company has agreed to non-exclusive deployment rights for all products and services in those regions in which it previously enjoyed exclusivity. As a result, the individual trusts can choose third-party software vendors other than CSC to provide a software solution. CSC and the NHS have also agreed to a streamlined approach for trusts which wish to take the Lorenzo products within the NME regions to obtain central funding, subject to business case justification and overall availability of such funding, from the U.K. Department of Health for implementation of the Lorenzo products. In addition, CSC may offer the Lorenzo solution throughout the rest of England where trusts select CSC's solutions through a separate competitive process.

The RPA reflects certain terms not included in the IACCN relating to the Company’s continued deployment of non-Lorenzo products and services, including that the NHS will no longer be subject to commitments to purchase additional volumes of non-Lorenzo products and will instead have a committed repurposed fund of the same value which the NHS may use to purchase a wide range of services and solutions from CSC under the RPA other than new deployments of Lorenzo products. Further, the RPA also provides that the NHS may, subject to certain notice requirements and to the payment of certain decommissioning fees to CSC, require that certain services and service modules be removed, or decommissioned, from the scope of the contract and that the related service charges be adjusted accordingly. The NHS’s right to decommission services does not apply to Lorenzo services deployed after the October 4, 2013 RPA effective date or to ambulance services. The basis for decommissioning shall be either the complete closure of an NHS trust (or other NHS service recipient) or the cessation of relevant clinical services by a trust (or other NHS service recipient) (a “natural decommissioning”), or an NHS trust (or other NHS service recipient) determining that it no longer requires a particular service for any other reason (a “voluntary decommissioning”). The NHS’s ability to effect voluntary decommissioning is subject to certain aggregate life of contract monetary limits.

See Note 
21
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion concerning the foregoing matters. 

4.

Contracts with the U.S. federal government and related agencies account for a significant portion of our revenue and earnings. 

Our NPS segment generated approximately 
32%
 of our revenue for fiscal 2014, primarily from sales to the U.S. federal government. Consequently, we closely monitor federal budget, legislative and contracting trends and activities and continually examine our strategies to take these into consideration. The U.S. federal government continues to face significant fiscal and economic challenges such as financial deficits and the debt ceiling limit. The Administration and Congress make decisions in a constrained fiscal environment largely imposed by the 

8

Budget Control Act of 2011 (Budget Act). The Budget Act established limits on discretionary spending that began with U.S. federal government fiscal year (GFY) 2012 (a U.S. federal government fiscal year starts on October 1 and ends on September 30). The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2013 (BBA) that was signed into law on December 26, 2013 did not significantly alter the spending constraints established by the Budget Act. The BBA is significant, however, in that it represents the first bipartisan budget passed by a divided Congress in 27 years and eliminates the need for Congress to pass another budget until September 2015. 

The Budget Act provided for additional automatic spending reductions known as sequestration, which went into effect on March 1, 2013, and further reduce planned government spending. The BBA extended the sequestration into GFY 2023. While the defense budget sustained the largest single reduction, civil agencies and programs also were impacted significantly by sequestration cuts. In light of the Budget Act, the BBA and other deficit reduction pressures, it is likely that discretionary spending by the federal government will remain constrained for a number of years. As a result of sequestration, our U.S. federal government customers are more cautious with contract awards and spending, resulting in longer procurement cycles, smaller award values and an inclination towards extension of existing customer contracts, and we expect this behavior to continue. We are continuously reviewing our operations in an attempt to identify those programs that could be at risk so that we can make appropriate contingency plans. While we have experienced reduced funding on some of our programs, and may see further reductions, we do not expect the cancellation of any of our major programs. 

The U.S. federal government has established a limit on the level of federal debt that the U.S. federal government can have outstanding, often referred to as the debt ceiling. On February 15, 2014 legislation was signed that suspends the U.S. debt limit ceiling through March 2015. Although Congress and the President have reached agreement to suspend the U.S. federal government’s debt ceiling until March 2015, significant long-term issues remain with respect to federal budgetary and spending matters and these current resolutions only have temporary effect. Any future changes to the fiscal policies of the U.S. federal government may decrease overall government funding, result in delays in the procurement of our products and services due to lack of funding, cause the U.S. federal government and government agencies to reduce their purchases under existing contracts, or cause them to exercise their rights to terminate contracts at-will or to abstain from exercising options to renew contracts, any of which would have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows.

5.

Our ability to continue to develop and expand our service offerings to address emerging business demands and technological trends will impact our future growth. If we are not successful in meeting these business challenges, our results of operations and cash flows will be materially and adversely affected.

Our ability to implement solutions for our customers incorporating new developments and improvements in technology which translate into productivity improvements for our customers and to develop service offerings that meet current and prospective customers' needs are critical to our success. The markets we serve are highly competitive. Our competitors may develop solutions or services that make our offerings obsolete. Our ability to develop and implement up to date solutions utilizing new technologies which meet evolving customer needs in cloud, consulting, industry software and solutions and application services markets will impact our future revenue growth and earnings.

6.

Our primary markets, consulting, industry software and solutions, application services, and next-generation cloud, are highly competitive markets. If we are unable to compete in these highly competitive markets, our results of operations will be materially and adversely affected.

Our competitors include large, technically competent and well capitalized companies, some of which have emerged as a result of industry consolidation, as well as “pure play” companies that have a single product focus. The competition created by these companies may place downward pressure on operating margins in our industry, particularly for technology outsourcing contract extensions or renewals. As a result, we may not be able to maintain our current operating margins, or achieve favorable operating margins, for technology outsourcing contracts extended or renewed in the future.

Any reductions in margins will require that we effectively manage our cost structure. If we fail to effectively manage our cost structure during periods with declining margins, our results of operations will be adversely affected.

9

7.

Our ability to raise additional capital for future needs will impact our ability to compete in the markets we serve.

Our credit ratings are based upon information furnished by us or obtained by a rating agency from its own sources and are subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal by one or more rating agencies at any time. Rating agencies may review the ratings assigned to us due to developments that are beyond our control, including as a result of new standards requiring the agencies to reassess rating practices and methodologies. 

If changes in our credit ratings were to occur, it could result in higher interest costs under certain of our credit facilities. It would also cause our future borrowing costs to increase and limit our access to capital markets. Any downgrades could negatively impact the perception of the Company by lenders and other third parties. In addition, certain of the Company's major contracts provide customers with a right of termination in certain circumstances in the event of a rating downgrade below investment grade. 

8.

Achieving our growth objectives may prove unsuccessful. We may be unable to identify future attractive acquisitions and strategic partnerships, which may adversely affect our growth. In addition, our ability to consummate or integrate acquisitions we consummate and implement our strategic partnerships may materially and adversely affect our profitability if we fail to achieve anticipated revenue improvements and cost reductions.

We intend to identify strategic acquisitions that will allow us to expand our operations. However, we may be unable to identify attractive candidates or complete acquisitions on terms favorable to us. In addition, our ability to successfully integrate the operations we acquire and leverage these operations to generate revenue and earnings growth will significantly impact future revenue and earnings as well as investor returns. Integrating acquired operations is a significant challenge and there is no assurance that the Company will be able to manage such integrations successfully. Failure to successfully integrate acquired operations may adversely affect our cost structure, thereby reducing our margins and return on investment.

We have also entered into, and intend to identify and enter into additional strategic partnerships with other industry participants that will allow us to expand our business. However, we may be unable to identify attractive strategic partnership candidates or complete such partnerships on terms favorable to us. In addition, if we are unable to successfully implement our partnership strategies or our strategic partners do not fulfill their obligations or otherwise prove advantageous to our business, our investments in such partnerships and our anticipated business expansion could be adversely affected.

9.

We could suffer additional losses due to asset impairment charges.

We test our goodwill for impairment during the second quarter of every year, and on an interim date should events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable in accordance with ASC 350 "Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets". If the fair value of a reporting unit is revised downward due to declines in business performance or other factors, an impairment under ASC 350 could result and a non-cash charge could be required. 

We also test certain equipment and deferred cost balances associated with contracts when the contract is materially underperforming or is expected to materially underperform in the future, as compared to the original bid model or budget. If the projected cash flows of a particular contract are not adequate to recover the unamortized cost balance of the asset group, the balance is adjusted in the tested period based on the contract's fair value. Either of these impairments could materially affect our reported net earnings.

10.

If our customers experience financial difficulties or request out-of-scope work, we may not be able to collect our receivables, which would materially and adversely affect our profitability.

Over the course of a long-term contract, our customers' financial condition may change such that their ability to pay their obligations, and our ability to collect our fees for services rendered, is adversely affected. Additionally, we may perform work for the U.S. federal government and state governments, with respect to which we must file requests for equitable adjustment or claims with the proper agency to seek recovery in whole or in part, for out-of-scope work directed or caused by the government customer in support of its critical missions. While we may resort to other methods to pursue our claims or collect our receivables, these methods are expensive and time 

10

consuming and successful collection is not guaranteed. Failure to collect our receivables or prevail on our claims would have an adverse affect on our profitability.

11.

If we are unable to accurately estimate the cost of services and the time line for completion of contracts, the profitability of our contracts may be materially and adversely affected.

Our commercial and federal government contracts are typically awarded on a competitive basis. Our bids are based upon, among other items, the cost to provide the services. To generate an acceptable return on our investment in these contracts, we must be able to accurately estimate our costs to provide the services required by the contract and to complete the contracts in a timely manner. In addition, revenues from some of our contracts are recognized using the percentage-of-completion method, which requires estimates of total costs at completion, fees earned on the contract, or both. This estimation process, particularly due to the technical nature of the services being performed and the long-term nature of certain contracts, is complex and involves significant judgment. Adjustments to original estimates are often required as work progresses, experience is gained and additional information becomes known, even though the scope of the work required under the contract may not change. If we fail to accurately estimate our costs or the time required to complete a contract, the profitability of our contracts may be materially and adversely affected. 

12.

We are defendants in pending litigation that may have a material and adverse impact on our profitability.

As noted in Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings and Note 
23
 to the Consolidated Financial Statements, we are currently party to a number of disputes which involve or may involve litigation. We are not able to predict the ultimate outcome of these disputes or the actual impact of these matters on our profitability. If we agree to settle these matters or judgments are secured against us, we may incur liabilities which may have a material and adverse impact on our liquidity and earnings.

13.

Our contracts with U.S. government agencies are subject to regulations, audits and cost adjustments by the U.S. government, which could materially and adversely affect our operations.

We are engaged in providing services under contracts with U.S. government agencies. These contracts are subject to extensive legal and regulatory requirements and, from time to time, such agencies audit or investigate whether our operations are being conducted in accordance with these requirements. These audits or investigations may include a review of our performance on contracts, pricing practices, cost structure and compliance with applicable laws and regulations. U.S. government audits or investigations of us, whether related to the Company's federal government contracts or conducted for other reasons, could result in administrative, civil or criminal liabilities, including repayments, fines or penalties being imposed upon us, or could lead to suspension or debarment from future U.S. government contracting. In addition, we could suffer serious reputational harm. If any of these should occur, our reputation may be adversely impacted and our relationship with the agencies we work with may be damaged, resulting in a material and adverse effect on our profitability. 

14.

Our ability to provide our customers with competitive services is dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel.

Our ability to grow and provide our customers with competitive services is partially dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly motivated people with the skills necessary to serve our customers. As we noted above, the markets we serve are highly competitive and competition for skilled employees in the technology outsourcing and consulting and systems integration markets is intense for both on-shore and offshore locales. The loss of personnel could impair our ability to perform under certain of our contracts, which could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

15.

Our ability to perform services for certain of our government clients is dependent on our ability to maintain necessary security clearances. 

Select U.S. and non-U.S. government clients require CSC to maintain security clearances for certain of our facilities used in the performance of classified contracts. Employees who perform under certain government contracts are required to possess appropriate personnel security clearances for access to classified information granted by the respective government. The competition for qualified personnel who possess security clearance is 

11

very strong in certain public sector markets. In the event that a government customer were to revoke the facility and/or personnel clearances of all or substantially all of the employees performing work under a classified contract, such revocation could be grounds for termination of the contract by the government customer. Similarly, if the Company is unable to hire sufficient qualified and cleared personnel to meet contractual commitments, a contract could be terminated for non-performance. Under either circumstance, such termination, depending on the contract value, could have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flows. 

16.

Our international operations are exposed to risks, including fluctuations in exchange rates, which may be beyond our control.

For fiscal 
2014
, approximately 
40.2%
 of our recognized revenues were denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. The exposure to currencies other than the U.S. dollar may impact our results as they are expressed in U.S. dollars. In particular, the uncertainty with respect to the ability of certain European countries to continue to service their sovereign debt obligations and the related European financial restructuring efforts may cause the value of the euro to fluctuate. Currency variations also contribute to variations in sales of products and services in impacted jurisdictions. For example, in the event that one or more European countries were to replace the euro with another currency, sales in that country or in Europe generally may be adversely affected until stable exchange rates are established. While currency risk, including exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates, is partially mitigated largely by matching costs with revenues in a given currency, our exposure to fluctuations in other currencies against the U.S. dollar increases as revenue in currencies other than the U.S. dollar increase and as more of the services we provide are shifted to lower cost regions of the world. We believe that the percentage of our revenue denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar will continue to represent a significant portion of our revenue. Also, we believe that our ability to match revenue and expenses in a given currency will decrease as more work is performed at offshore locations.

We operate in approximately seventy countries and our operations in these countries are subject to the local legal and political environments. Our operations are subject to, among other things, employment, tax, statutory reporting, trade restriction and other regulations. Notwithstanding our best efforts, we may not be in compliance with all regulations in the countries in which we operate and may be subject to penalties and/or fines as a result. These penalties or fines may materially and adversely impact our profitability.

17.

We may be exposed to negative publicity and other potential risks if we are unable to maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting.

We are required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to include a report of management on the Company's internal controls that contains an assessment by management of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. In addition, the public accounting firm auditing our financial statements must report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. If we are unable to conclude that we have effective internal control over financial reporting or, if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to provide us with an unqualified report as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of each fiscal year end, we may be exposed to negative publicity. The resulting negative publicity may materially and adversely affect our business and stock price.

18.

In the course of providing services to customers, we may inadvertently infringe on the intellectual property rights of others and be exposed to claims for damages.

The solutions we provide to our customers may inadvertently infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties resulting in claims for damages against us or our customers. Our contracts generally indemnify our clients from claims for intellectual property infringement for the services and equipment we provide under our contracts. The expense and time of defending against these claims may have a material and adverse impact on our profitability. Additionally, the publicity we may receive as a result of infringing intellectual property rights may damage our reputation and adversely impact our ability to develop new business.

12

19.

Our contracts generally contain provisions under which a customer may terminate the contract prior to completion. Early contract terminations may materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability.

Our contracts typically contain provisions by which customers may terminate the contract prior to completion of the term of the contract. These contracts generally allow the customer to terminate the contract for convenience upon providing written notice. If a contract is terminated for convenience, we seek, either by defined contract schedules or through negotiations, recovery of our property, plant, equipment, outsourcing costs, investments, and other intangibles. However, there is no assurance we will be able to fully recover our investments. We may not be able to replace the revenue and earnings from these contracts in the short-term. In the long-term, our reputation may be harmed by the publicity generated from contract terminations.

The U.S. federal government may terminate our government contracts either at its convenience or for default based on factors set forth in the Federal Acquisition Regulation. Similarly, where we are a subcontractor to a prime contractor with the U.S. federal government, termination of the prime contract typically will lead to termination of our subcontract. Upon termination for convenience of a fixed-price type contract, our U.S. federal government contracts normally entitle us to receive the purchase price for delivered items, reimbursement for contractual commitments and allowable costs for work-in-process, and a reasonable allowance for profit, although there can also be financial impact resulting from the negotiated contract settlement. 

Upon termination for convenience of a U.S. federal government cost reimbursable or time and material contract, we normally are entitled to reimbursement of allowable costs plus a fee. Allowable costs generally include the cost to terminate agreements with suppliers and subcontractors. The amount of the fee recovered, if any, generally is related to the portion of the work completed prior to termination and is determined by negotiation. 

A termination arising out of our default may expose us to liability and have a material adverse effect on our ability to compete for future contracts and orders. 

In addition, certain of our U.S. federal government contracts span one or more base years and multiple option years. The U.S. federal government generally has the right not to exercise option periods and may not exercise an option period for various reasons, effectively terminating the contract when the period of performance expires. Any decision by the U.S. federal government not to exercise an option or to terminate a major contract could adversely impact our revenue, profitability and financial condition. There have been no U.S. federal government terminations or renegotiations that materially impacted the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows in fiscal years 2014, 2013 and 2012. 

20.

Our ability to compete in certain markets we serve is dependent on our ability to continue to expand our capacity in certain offshore locations. However, as our presence in these locations increases, we are exposed to risks inherent to these locations which may adversely impact our revenue and profitability.

A significant portion of our application outsourcing and software development activities have been shifted to India, and we plan to continue to expand our presence there and in other lower cost locations. As such, we are exposed to the risks inherent to operating in India including (1) a highly competitive labor market for skilled workers which may result in significant increases in labor costs as well as shortages of qualified workers in the future, and (2) the possibility that the U.S. federal government or the European Union may enact legislation that provides significant disincentives for customers to locate certain of their operations offshore which would reduce the demand for the services we provide in India and may adversely impact our cost structure and profitability. In addition, India has experienced civil unrest and acts of terrorism and has been involved in confrontations with Pakistan. If India continues to experience this civil unrest or if its conflicts with Pakistan escalate, our operations in India could be adversely affected.

The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and similar anti-bribery laws in other jurisdictions prohibit U.S.-based companies and their intermediaries from making improper payments to non-U.S. officials for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. We pursue opportunities in certain parts of the world that experience government corruption, and in certain circumstances, compliance with anti-bribery laws may conflict with local customs and practices. Our internal policies mandate compliance with all applicable anti-bribery laws. We require our partners, subcontractors, agents and others who work for us or on our behalf to comply with the FCPA and other anti-bribery laws. There is no assurance that our policies or procedures will protect us against liability under the FCPA 

13

or other laws for actions taken by our agents, employees and intermediaries. If we are found to be liable for FCPA violations (either due to our own acts or our inadvertence, or due to the acts or inadvertence of others), we could suffer from severe criminal or civil penalties or other sanctions, which could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, results of operations or cash flows. In addition, detecting, investigating and resolving actual or alleged violations of the FCPA or other anti-bribery violations is expensive and could consume significant time and attention of our senior management.

21.

Our performance on contracts, including those on which we have partnered with third parties, may be adversely affected if we or the third parties fail to deliver on commitments.

Our contracts are increasingly complex and, in some instances, require that we partner with other parties, including software and hardware vendors, to provide the complex solutions required by our customers. Our ability to deliver the solutions and provide the services required by our customers is dependent on our and our partners' ability to meet our customers' delivery schedules. If we or our partners fail to deliver services or products on time, our ability to complete the contract may be adversely affected, which may have a material and adverse impact on our revenue and profitability.

22.

Security breaches or service interruptions could expose us to liability or impair our reputation, which could cause significant financial loss.

As a provider of information technology services to private and public sector customers operating in a number of regulated industries and countries, we handle sensitive data of our clients, including personal information and information relating to sensitive government functions. We rely on internal and external information and technological systems to manage our operations and are exposed to risk of loss resulting from breaches in the security or other failures of these systems. We collect and store certain personal and financial information from customers and employees. Security breaches could expose us to a risk of loss of this information, regulatory scrutiny, actions and penalties, extensive contractual liability litigation, reputational harm, and a loss of confidence that could potentially have an adverse impact on future business with current and potential customers
.

We rely on encryption and authentication technology licensed from third parties to provide the security and authentication necessary to effect secure online transmission of confidential information from customers and employees. Advances in computer capabilities, new discoveries in the field of cryptography or other events or developments may result in a compromise or breach of the algorithms that we use to protect sensitive customer transaction data. A party who is able to circumvent our security measures could misappropriate proprietary information or cause interruption in our operations. We may be required to expend capital and other resources to protect against such security breaches or cyber attacks or to alleviate problems caused by such breaches or attacks. Our security measures are designed to protect against security breaches and cyber attacks, but our failure to prevent such security breaches and cyber attacks could subject us to liability, decrease our profitability and damage our reputation.

Increasing data privacy and information security obligations could impose additional regulatory pressures on our customers’ businesses, and indirectly, on our operations. In response, some of our customers have sought, and may continue to seek, to contractually impose certain strict data privacy and information security obligations on us and some of our customer contracts may not contractually limit our liability for the loss of confidential information. If we are unable to adequately address these concerns, our business and results of operations could suffer. Compliance with new privacy and security laws, requirements and regulations, where required or undertaken by us, may result in cost increases due to potential systems changes, the development of additional administrative processes and increased enforcement actions and fines and penalties. While we strive to comply with all applicable data protection laws and regulations as well as our own posted privacy policies, any failure or perceived failure to comply or any misappropriation, loss or other unauthorized disclosure of sensitive or confidential information may result in proceedings or actions against us by government or other entities, private lawsuits against us such as class actions or the loss of customers, which could potentially have an adverse effect on our business, reputation and results of operations.

14

23.

Changes in the Company's tax rates could affect our future results.

Our future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax laws or their interpretation. We are subject to the continuous examination of its income tax returns by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. We regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and operating results.

24.

We may be adversely affected by disruptions in the credit markets, including disruptions that reduce our customers' access to credit and increase the costs to our customers of obtaining credit.

The credit markets have historically been volatile and therefore it is not possible for the Company to predict the ability of our clients and customers to access short-term financing and other forms of capital. If a disruption in the credit markets were to occur, it could also pose a risk to our business if customers and suppliers are unable to obtain financing to meet payment or delivery obligations to the Company. In addition, customers may decide to downsize, defer or cancel contracts which could negatively affect our revenue.

25.

Our hedging program is subject to counterparty default risk.

We enter into foreign currency forward contracts and options and interest rate swaps with a number of counterparties. As of 
March 28, 2014
, we had outstanding foreign currency forward contracts with a notional value of 
$816 million
, outstanding option contracts with a notional value of 
$81 million
, and interest rate swap transactions of 
$275 million
. As a result, we are subject to the risk that the counterparty to one or more of these contracts defaults on its performance under the contract. During an economic downturn, the counterparty's financial condition may deteriorate rapidly and with little notice and we may be unable to take action to protect our exposure. In the event of a counterparty default, we could incur significant losses, which may harm our business and financial condition. In the event that one or more of our counterparties becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy, our ability to eventually recover any losses suffered as a result of that counterparty's default may be limited by the liquidity of the counterparty.

26.

We derive significant revenue and profit from contracts awarded through competitive bidding processes, which can impose substantial costs on us, and we will not achieve revenue and profit objectives if we fail to bid on such projects effectively. 

We derive significant revenue and profit from government contracts that are awarded through competitive bidding processes. We expect that most of the government business we seek in the foreseeable future will be awarded through competitive bidding. Competitive bidding imposes substantial costs and presents a number of risks, including: 

•

the substantial cost and managerial time and effort that we spend to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may or may not be awarded to us;

•

the need to estimate accurately the resources and costs that will be required to service any contracts we are awarded, sometimes in advance of the final determination of their full scope and design; 

•

the expense and delay that may arise if our competitors protest or challenge awards made to us pursuant to competitive bidding, and the risk that such protests or challenges could result in the requirement to resubmit bids, and in the termination, reduction, or modification of the awarded contracts; and

•

the opportunity cost of not bidding on and winning other contracts we might otherwise pursue.

Within our NPS segment, we are also seeing an increasing number of bid protests from unsuccessful bidders on new program awards. Bid protests could result in litigation expenses to the company, contract modifications or the award decision being overturned and loss of the contract award. Even where a bid protest does not result in the loss of an award, the resolution can extend the time until the contract activity can begin, and delay earnings.

15

27.

Catastrophic events or climate conditions may disrupt our business.

The Company and its customers are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign government requirements relating to the protection of the environment. Our revenues and results of operations may be adversely affected by the passage of climate change and other environmental legislation and regulations. For example, new legislation or regulations may result in increased costs directly relating to our compliance or indirectly to the extent that such requirements increase prices charged to us by vendors because of increased compliance costs. At this point, we are unable to determine the impact that climate change and other environmental legislation and regulations could have on our overall business.