Past performance may not be a reliable indicator of future financial performance.  Future performance and historical trends may be adversely affected by the following factors, as well as other variables, and should not be relied upon to project future period results.

1.

Our business may be adversely impacted as a result of changes in demand, both globally and in individual market segments, for information technology outsourcing, business process outsourcing and consulting and systems integration services.

Economic and political uncertainty may adversely impact our customers' demand for our services.  A general economic downturn may adversely affect our customers' demand for consulting, systems integration and other IT services.  In addition, our government customers' demand may also be affected by budgetary and political uncertainties, changing priorities, military conflicts and other events. 

2.

We are subject to a formal SEC investigation and an SEC comment letter process relating to certain previously announced accounting adjustments in our MSS segment, primarily in Europe’s Nordic region, which could divert management’s focus, result in substantial investigation expenses and have an adverse impact on our reputation and financial condition and results of operations.

As previously disclosed, in fiscal year 2011, the Company initiated an investigation into certain accounting errors in our MSS segment, primarily involving accounting irregularities in the Nordic region.  Initially, the investigation was conducted by Company personnel, but outside Company counsel and forensic accountants retained by such counsel later assisted in the Company's investigation.  On January 28, 2011, the Company was notified by the Division of Enforcement of the SEC that it had commenced a formal civil investigation relating to these matters and other matters subsequently identified by the SEC, with which the Company is cooperating.  On May 2, 2011, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors commenced an independent investigation into matters relating to MSS and the Nordic region, matters identified by subpoenas issued by the SEC's Division of Enforcement and certain other accounting matters identified by the Audit Committee and retained independent counsel to represent CSC on behalf of, and under the exclusive direction of, the Audit Committee in connection with such independent investigation.  Independent counsel has retained forensic accountants to assist their work.  Independent counsel also represents CSC on behalf of, and under the exclusive direction of, the Audit Committee in connection with the investigation by the SEC's Division of Enforcement.

In addition, the SEC's Division of Corporation Finance has issued comment letters to the Company requesting additional information regarding its previously disclosed adjustments in connection with the above-referenced accounting errors, the Company's conclusions regarding the materiality of such adjustments and the Company's analysis of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures and its internal control over financial reporting.  The Division of Corporation Finance's comment letter process is ongoing, and the Company is continuing to cooperate with that process.

- 4 -

The investigations being conducted by the Division of Enforcement and the Audit Committee as well as the review of our financial disclosures by the Division of Corporation Finance are continuing and could identify other accounting errors.  As a result, we have incurred and will continue to incur significant legal and accounting expenditures, and a significant amount of time of our senior management has been focused on these matters. We are unable to predict how long the Division of Enforcement's and Audit Committee's investigations will continue or whether, at the conclusion of its investigation, the SEC will seek to impose fines or take other actions against us.  In addition, we are unable to predict the timing of the completion of the Division of Corporation Finance's review of our financial disclosures or the outcome of such review.  Publicity surrounding the foregoing or any enforcement action as a result of the SEC's investigation, even if ultimately resolved favorably for us, could have an adverse impact on our reputation, business, financial condition or results of operations.

3.

Our largest customer, the U.S. federal government, accounts for a significant portion of our revenue and earnings.  Inherent in the government contracting process are various risks which may materially and adversely affect our business and profitability.

Our NPS segment generated approximately 37% of our revenue for fiscal 2011.  While the pipeline for government projects continues to be generally less affected by economic downturns, the U.S. budget deficit, the cost of ongoing military conflicts, the cost of rebuilding infrastructure as a result of natural disasters, and the costs of other one-time adverse events such as the recent financial industry liquidity crisis, may reduce the U.S. federal government’s demand and available funds for information technology projects, adversely impacting our NPS segment and our business. 

In addition, federal government budget uncertainty has resulted in a delay in government contract awards.

Our exposure to the risks inherent in the government contracting process is material.  These risks include government audits of billable contract costs and reimbursable expenses, project funding and requests for equitable adjustment, compliance with government reporting requirements as well as the consequences if improper or illegal activities are discovered.

If any of these should occur, our reputation may be adversely impacted and our relationship with the government agencies we work with may be damaged, resulting in a material and adverse effect on our profitability. In addition, federal government budget uncertainty has resulted in a delay in government contract awards.

4.

We are currently in negotiations with the United Kingdom’s National Health Service (NHS) to modify the terms of our contractual relationship. Failure to conclude a satisfactory resolution could materially adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition.

CSC and NHS are parties to a £2.9 billiion (approximately $5.4 billion at originally announced exchange rate) contract under which the Company is developing and deploying an integrated electronic patient records system. On February 4, 2011, NHS formally notified the Company that it believes the Company’s failure to achieve a key milestone constitutes a breach of contract and NHS is considering its position on termination of all or parts of the contract; however, NHS subsequently clarified that its notice was not intended to suggest that termination is the only option which it is considering and, in fact, NHS is considering the full range of options it believes are available to NHS. Notwithstanding this dispute, both NHS and the Company have continued discussions leading to agreement on the terms of a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU), the terms of which would ultimately be reflected in a contract amendment.

There can be no assurance that the Company and NHS will successfully conclude negotiations of the MOU and enter into a contract amendment or, if a contract amendment is negotiated and entered into, that the contract amendment as finally negotiated will reflect the terms of the MOU.  The time required to complete a contract amendment is uncertain and while the Company expects completion, signing and approval of a contract amendment in fiscal year 2012, further unexpected delays could occur.  Further, under the contract the NHS has the right to terminate the contract for convenience, in which case NHS would owe significant termination fees to the Company; however, the total amount recoverable by the Company from termination fees payable by NHS and from claims by the Company is uncertain and it is possible the Company's total recovery would be materially less than the net asset value associated with the Contract.  The final terms of any contract amendment, a significant delay in completing a contract amendment, or failure to conclude a contract amendment could result in an impairment of the Company's net investment in the contract, could result in litigation and could have an adverse material effect on the Company's consolidated financial position, results of operations and cash flow.  In addition, these events could result in a goodwill impairment charge (see Notes 9 and 16 to the consolidated financial statements for further discussion).

5.

Our ability to continue to develop and expand our service offerings to address emerging business demands and technological trends will impact our future growth.  If we are not successful in meeting these business challenges, our results of operations and cash flows will be materially and adversely affected.

- 5 -

Our ability to implement solutions for our customers incorporating new developments and improvements in technology which translate into productivity improvements for our customers and to develop service offerings that meet the current and prospective customers’ needs are critical to our success.  The markets we serve are highly competitive.  Our competitors may develop solutions or services which make our offerings obsolete.  Our ability to develop and implement up to date solutions utilizing new technologies which meet evolving customer needs in consulting and systems integration and technology outsourcing markets will impact our future revenue growth and earnings.

6. 

Our primary markets, technology outsourcing and consulting and systems integration, are highly competitive markets.  If we are unable to compete in these highly competitive markets, our results of operations will be materially and adversely affected.

Our competitors include large, technically competent and well capitalized companies.  As a result, the markets which we serve are highly competitive.  This competition may place downward pressure on operating margins in our industry, particularly for technology outsourcing contract extensions or renewals.  As a result, we may not be able to maintain our current operating margins for technology outsourcing contracts extended or renewed in the future.

Any reductions in margins will require that we effectively manage our cost structure.  If we fail to effectively manage our cost structure during periods with declining margins, our results of operations will be adversely affected.

   7.

Our ability to raise additional capital for future needs will impact our ability to compete in the markets we serve.

We may require additional capital to purchase assets, complete strategic acquisitions, or for general liquidity needs.  Declines in our credit rating or limits on our ability to sell additional shares may adversely affect our ability to raise additional capital at a reasonable cost and may adversely impact our revenue growth and the price of our stock.

8.    

Our ability to consummate and integrate acquisitions may materially and adversely affect our profitability if we fail to achieve anticipated revenue improvements and cost reductions.

Our ability to successfully integrate the operations we acquire and leverage these operations to generate revenue and earnings growth will significantly impact future revenue and earnings as well as investor returns.  Integrating acquired operations is a significant challenge and there is no assurance that the Company will be able to manage the integrations successfully.  Failure to successfully integrate acquired operations may adversely affect our cost structure thereby reducing our margins and return on investment.

9.  

We could suffer losses due to asset impairment charges.

We test our goodwill for impairment during the second quarter every year, and on an interim date should events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value of goodwill may not be recoverable in accordance with ASC 350 (SFAS No. 142, “Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets”). If the fair value of a reporting unit is revised downward due to declines in business performance or other factors, an impairment under ASC 350 could result and a non-cash charge could be required. This could materially affect our reported net earnings.

We also test certain deferred costs associated with contract acquisitions when the contract is materially underperforming or is expected to materially underperform in the future, as compared to the original bid model or budget.  If the projected cash flows of the particular contract are not adequate to recover the unamortized cost balance of the asset group, the balance is adjusted in the tested period based on the contract’s fair value.  These impairments could materially affect our reported net earnings.

10.   

Our customers may experience financial difficulties or may request out-of-scope work, and we may not be able to collect our receivables, materially and adversely affecting our profitability.

Over the course of a long-term contract, our customers’ financial condition may change, affecting their ability to pay their obligations and our ability to collect our fees for services rendered.  Additionally, we may perform work for the federal government, for which we must file requests for equitable adjustment or claims with the proper agency to seek recovery in whole or in part for out-of-scope work directed or caused by the government customers in support of their critical missions.  While we may resort to other methods to pursue our claims or collect our receivables, these methods are expensive and time consuming and success is not guaranteed.  Failure to collect our receivables or prevail on our claims would have an adverse affect on our profitability.

11.   

If we are unable to accurately estimate the cost of services and the timeline for completion of contracts, the profitability of our contracts may be materially and adversely affected.

- 6 -

Our commercial and federal government contracts are typically awarded on a competitive basis.  Our bids are based upon, among other items, the cost to provide the services.  To generate an acceptable return on our investment in these contracts, we must be able to accurately estimate our costs to provide the services required by the contract and to complete the contracts in a timely manner.  If we fail to accurately estimate our costs or the time required to complete these contracts, the profitability of such contracts may be materially and adversely affected.

12.  

We are defendants in pending litigation which may have a material and adverse impact on our profitability.  We provide services to the federal government pursuant to contracts that subject us to extensive regulatory requirements.

As noted in Item 3, Legal Proceedings, we are currently party to a number of disputes which involve or may involve litigation.  We are not able to predict the ultimate outcome of these disputes or the actual impact of these matters on our profitability.  If we agree to settle these matters or judgments are secured against us, we may incur charges which may have a material and adverse impact on our liquidity and earnings.

We are engaged in providing services under contracts with the U.S. government.  These contracts are subject to extensive legal and regulatory requirements and, from time to time, agencies of the U.S. government investigate whether our operations are being conducted in accordance with these requirements.  U.S. government investigations of us, whether related to the Company’s federal government contracts or conducted for other reasons, could result in administrative, civil or criminal liabilities, including repayments, fines or penalties being imposed upon us, or could lead to suspension or debarment from future U.S. government contracting.

13.  

Our ability to provide our customers with competitive services is dependent on our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel.

Our ability to grow and provide our customers with competitive services is partially dependent on our ability to attract and retain highly motivated people with the skills to serve our customers.  As we noted above, the markets we serve are highly competitive and competition for skilled employees in the technology outsourcing and consulting and systems integration markets is intense for both on-shore and offshore locales.

In addition, services for some government clients require personnel with security clearances.  Qualified personnel with security clearances are in very high demand.

14.  

Our international operations are exposed to risks, including fluctuations in exchange rates, which may be beyond our control.

For fiscal 2011, approximately 37% of our recognized revenues were denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. As a result, we are exposed to various risks associated with operating in multiple countries including exposure to fluctuations in currency exchange rates. While this risk is partially mitigated by largely matching costs with revenues in a given currency, our exposure to fluctuations in other currencies against the U.S. dollar increases as revenue in currencies other than the U.S. dollar increase and as more of the services we provide are shifted to lower cost regions of the world. We believe that the percentage of our revenue denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar will continue to represent a significant portion of our revenue. Also, we believe that some of our ability to match revenue and expenses in a given currency will decrease as more work is performed at offshore locations.

We operate in approximately ninety countries and
 our operations in these countries are subject to the local legal and political environments. Our operations are subject to, among other things, employment, taxation, statutory reporting, trade restrictions and other regulations. Notwithstanding our best efforts, we may not be in compliance with all regulations around the world and may be subject to penalties and/or fines as a result. These penalties or fines may materially and adversely impact our profitability.

15.  

We may be exposed to negative publicity and other potential risks if we are unable to maintain effective internal controls.

We are required under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 to provide a report from management to our shareholders on our internal control over financial reporting including an assessment of the effectiveness of these controls to provide reasonable assurance that a material misstatement will not occur in our financial statements.  The failure of our controls to provide reasonable assurance that a material misstatement does not exist or to detect a material misstatement may cause us to be unable to meet our filing requirements and the resulting negative publicity may adversely affect our business, and our stock price may be materially and adversely affected.

16.  

In the course of providing services to customers, we may inadvertently infringe on the intellectual property rights of others and be exposed to claims for damages.

- 7 -

The solutions we provide to our customers may inadvertently infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties resulting in claims for damages against us or our customers.  Our contracts generally indemnify our clients from claims for intellectual property infringement for the services and equipment we provide under our contracts.  The expense and time of defending against these claims may have a material and adverse impact on our profitability.  Additionally, the publicity we may receive as a result of infringing intellectual property rights may damage our reputation and adversely impact our ability to develop new business.

17.  

Generally our contracts contain provisions under which a customer may terminate the contract prior to completion.  Early contract terminations may materially and adversely affect our revenues and profitability.

Our contracts contain provisions by which customers may terminate the contract prior to completion of the term of the contract.  These contracts generally allow the customer to terminate the contract for convenience upon providing written notice.  In these cases, we seek, either by defined contract schedules or through negotiations, recovery of our property, plant, equipment, outsourcing costs, investments, and other intangibles.  There is no assurance we will be able to fully recover our investments.

We may not be able to replace the revenue and earnings from these contracts in the short-term.  In the long-term, our reputation may be harmed by the publicity generated from contract terminations.

18.  

Our ability to compete in certain markets we serve is dependent on our ability to continue to expand our capacity in certain offshore locations.  However, as our presence in these locations increases, we are exposed to risks inherent to these locations which may adversely impact our revenue and profitability.

A significant portion of our application outsourcing and software development activities has been shifted to India and we plan to continue to expand our presence there and in other lower cost locations.  As such, we are exposed to the risks inherent to operating in India including (1) a highly competitive labor market for skilled workers which may result in significant increases in labor costs as well as shortages of qualified workers in the future, (2) the possibility that the U.S. federal government or the European Union may enact legislation which may provide significant disincentives to customers to move offshore certain of their operations which would reduce the demand for the services we provide in India and may adversely impact our cost structure and profitability.

19.  

Our performance on contracts, including those on which we have partnered with third parties, may be adversely affected if we or the third parties fail to deliver on commitments.

Our contracts are increasingly complex, and in some instances, require that we partner with other parties including software and hardware vendors to provide the complex solutions required by our customers.  Our ability to deliver the solutions and provide the services required by our customers is dependent on our and our partners' ability to meet our customers' delivery schedules.  If we or our partners fail to deliver services or products on time, our ability to complete the contract may be adversely affected, which may have a material and adverse impact on our revenue and profitability.

20.  

Our inability to protect client information could impair our reputation, and we could suffer significant financial loss.

As one of the larger companies in the IT and professional services industry, we are subject to potentially adverse impacts if sensitive client information is unintentionally lost, stolen, or compromised.  We are responsible for substantial amounts of sensitive client information, which often includes confidential, private, and financial records.  Failure to protect our clients could result in reparation costs and loss of business that may negatively impact our reputation and earnings.

21.  

Changes in the Company’s tax rates could affect its future results.

The Company's future effective tax rates could be affected by changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, or by changes in tax laws or their interpretation.  The Company is subject to the continuous examination of its income tax returns by the U.S. Internal Revenue Service and other tax authorities.  The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from these examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for taxes.  There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations will not have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial condition and operating results.

The recently proposed international tax provisions may adversely affect our results.  The Company has significant operations overseas, and the new proposals may adversely affect our costs and margins.  Also, some of these proposals may cause the Company to be less competitive globally as U.S. tax liability would increase costs of doing business globally. 

- 8 -

22.  

We may be adversely affected by disruptions in the credit markets, including reduced access to credit and higher costs of obtaining credit.

The credit markets have historically been volatile and therefore it is not possible for the Company to predict the ability of its clients and customers to access short term financing and other forms of capital.  If a disruption in the credit markets were to occur, it could also pose a risk to the Company’s business as customers and suppliers may be unable to obtain financing to meet payment or delivery obligations to the Company.  In addition, customers may decide to downsize, defer or cancel contracts which could negatively affect revenue.

23.  

Our foreign currency hedging program is subject to counterparty default risk.

The Company enters into foreign currency forward contracts and options with a number of counterparties.  As of April 1, 2011, the Company had outstanding foreign currency forward contracts with a notional value of $787 million and outstanding option contracts with a notional value of $676 million. The terms of these contracts are often customized and complex.  As a result, the Company is subject to the risk that the counterparty to one or more of these contracts defaults on its performance under the contract.  During an economic downturn, the counterparty’s financial condition may deteriorate rapidly and with little notice and we may be unable to take action to protect our exposure.  In the event of a counterparty default, we could incur significant losses, which may harm our business and financial condition.  In the event that one or more of our counterparties becomes insolvent or files for bankruptcy, our ability to eventually recover any losses suffered as a result of that counterparty’s default may be limited by the liquidity of the counterparty.

24.  

We derive significant revenue and profit from contracts awarded through a competitive bidding process, which can impose substantial costs on us, and we will not achieve revenue and profit objectives if we fail to compete effectively.

We derive significant revenue and profit from contracts that are awarded through a competitive bidding process. We expect that most of the government business we seek in the foreseeable future will be awarded through competitive bidding. Competitive bidding imposes substantial costs and presents a number of risks, including:

the substantial cost and managerial time and effort that we spend to prepare bids and proposals for contracts that may or may not be awarded to us;

the need to estimate accurately the resources and costs that will be required to service any contracts we are awarded, sometimes in advance of the final determination of their full scope; 

the expense and delay that may arise if our competitors
 protest or challenge awards made to us pursuant to competitive bidding, and the risk that such protests or challenges could result in the requirement to resubmit bids, and in the termination, reduction, or modification of the awarded contracts; and

the opportunity cost of not bidding on and winning other contracts we might otherwise pursue.

25.  

Catastrophic events or climate conditions may disrupt CSC’s business.

The Company and its customers are subject to various federal, state, local and foreign government requirements relating to the protection of the environment. Our revenues and results of operations may be adversely affected by the passage of climate change and other environmental legislation and regulations.  For example, new legislation or regulations may result in increased costs directly for our compliance or indirectly to the extent that such requirements increase prices charged to us by vendors because of increased compliance costs.  At this point, we are unable to determine the impact that climate change and other environmental legislation and regulations could have on our overall business.