FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Form 10-K includes statements reflecting assumptions, expectations, projections, intentions or beliefs about future events that are intended as “forward-looking statements”. All statements included or incorporated by
reference in this annual report, other than statements of historical fact, that address activities, events or developments that we or our management expect, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. These
statements represent our reasonable judgment on the future based on various factors and using numerous assumptions and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results and financial position
to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use words such as “anticipate,” “estimate”,
“project”, “forecast”, “plan,” “may”, “will”, “should”, “expect” and other words of similar meaning. In particular, these include, but are not limited to, statements relating to
the following: 

•

 beliefs about commodity pricing and generation volumes; 

•

 sufficiency of and access to coal, fuel oil and natural gas inventories and transportation, including strategies to deploy coal supplies;

•

 beliefs and assumptions about market competition, fuel supply, generation capacity and regional supply and demand characteristics of the wholesale power generation
market; 

•

 strategies to capture opportunities presented by rising commodity prices and strategies to manage our exposure to energy price volatility;

•

 beliefs and assumptions about weather, economic conditions and the demand for electricity; 

•

 our ability to compete effectively with industry participants; 

•

 projected operating or financial results, including anticipated cash flows from operations, revenues and profitability; 

•

 strategies to address our substantial leverage or to access the capital markets; 

•

 beliefs and assumptions relating to liquidity; 

•

 beliefs and expectations regarding financing, development and timing of any and all joint venture projects; 

•

 anticipated benefits of diversifying our operations; 

•

 expectations regarding capital expenditures, interest expense and other payments; 

•

 our focus on safety and our ability to efficiently operate our assets so as to maximize our revenue generating opportunities and operating margins;

•

 beliefs about the outcome of legal, regulatory, administrative and legislative matters; 

•

 expectations regarding environmental matters, including costs of compliance, availability and adequacy of emission credits, and the impact of ongoing proceedings
and potential regulations, including those relating to global warming; 

•

 expectations and estimates regarding the Midwest consent decree and the associated costs; and 

•

 efforts to position our power generation business for future growth and pursuing and executing acquisition, disposition or combination opportunities.

Any or all of our forward-looking statements
may turn out to be wrong. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions or by known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, including those set forth below. 

20 

FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS 

Risks Related to the Operations of Our Business 

We do not fully contract our future sales potential and therefore are exposed to
commodity prices risk associated with changes in prices of power, natural gas, coal and oil. To the extent we do engage in forward sales activities, our models representing the market may be inaccurate. 

Since a substantial portion of our production capacity may not be sold
through power purchase agreements and is thus subject to commodity price risks, we have the potential to receive higher or lower prices for electric energy, capacity and ancillary services resulting in volatile revenue and cash flow. To the extent
that our generated power is not subject to a power purchase agreement or similar arrangement, we generally will pursue sales of such generated power based on current market prices. Where forward sales are not executed, we will be impacted by changes
in commodity prices, and, in an environment where fuel costs increase and power prices decrease, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. In those instances where we do execute forward sales
or related financial transactions, our internal models may not accurately represent the markets in which we participate, potentially causing us to make less favorable decisions, which could have a negative impact on our financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows, or result in an inability to capture market upside opportunities presented by rising prices. Additionally, we utilize mark-to-market accounting for certain of our forward sales and related financial transactions, which
may cause earnings variability. 

Because most of our power generation
facilities operate mostly without term power sales agreements and because wholesale power prices are subject to significant volatility, our revenues and profitability are subject to significant fluctuations. 

Most of our facilities operate as “merchant” facilities without
term power sales agreements. Without term power sales agreements, we cannot be sure that we will be able to sell any or all of the electric energy, capacity or ancillary services from our facilities at commercially attractive rates or that our
facilities will be able to operate profitably. This could lead to decreased financial results as well as future impairments of our property, plant and equipment or to the retirement of certain of our facilities resulting in economic losses and
liabilities. 

Because we largely sell electric energy, capacity
and ancillary services into the wholesale energy spot market or into other power markets on a term basis, we are not guaranteed any rate of return on our capital investments. Rather, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are
likely to depend, in large part, upon prevailing market prices for power and the fuel to generate such power. Wholesale power markets are subject to significant price fluctuations over relatively short periods of time and can be unpredictable.

Given the volatility of power commodity prices, to the extent
we do not secure term power sales agreements for the output of our power generation facilities, our revenues and profitability will be subject to increased volatility, and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be
materially adversely affected. 

We are exposed to the risk of fuel and
fuel transportation cost increases and interruptions in fuel supplies because some of our facilities do not have long-term coal, natural gas or fuel oil supply agreements. 

Many of our power generation facilities, specifically those that are natural gas-fired, purchase their fuel requirements
under short-term contracts or on the spot market. As a result, we face the risks of supply interruptions and fuel price volatility, as fuel deliveries may not exactly match that required for energy sales, due in part to our need to pre-purchase fuel
inventories for reliability and dispatch requirements. 

Moreover, operation of many of our coal-fired generation facilities is highly dependent on our ability to procure coal. Power generators in the Midwest and the Northeast have experienced significant pressures on available coal supplies that
are either transportation or supply related. In particular, transportation of South 

21 

American coal, which we use for our Northeastern coal assets, is subject to local political and other factors that could have a negative impact on our coal
deliveries. If we are unable to procure fuel for physical delivery at prices we consider favorable, or if we experience transportation delays or disruptions, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely
affected. 

Our costs for compliance with existing environmental laws are
significant, and costs for compliance with new environmental laws could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our business is subject to extensive and frequently changing environmental regulation by federal, state and local authorities. Such environmental
regulation imposes, among other things, restrictions, liabilities and obligations in connection with the generation, handling, use, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of hazardous substances and waste and in connection with spills,
releases and emissions of various substances into the environment. Existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised or reinterpreted, new laws and regulations may be adopted or become applicable to us or our facilities, litigation or
regulatory or enforcement proceedings could be commenced and future changes in environmental laws and regulations could occur, including potential regulatory and enforcement developments related to air emissions. Proposals currently under
consideration could, if and when adopted or enacted, require us to make substantial capital and operating expenditures. If any of these events occur, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely
affected. 

Moreover, many environmental laws require approvals
or permits from governmental authorities for the operation of a power generation facility, before construction or modification of a project may commence or before wastes or other materials may be discharged into the environment. The process for
obtaining necessary permits can be lengthy and complex and can sometimes result in the establishment of permit conditions that make the project or activity for which the permit was sought unprofitable or otherwise unattractive. Even where permits
are not required, compliance with environmental laws and regulations can require significant capital and operating expenditures. We are required to comply with numerous environmental laws and regulations, and to obtain numerous governmental permits
when we construct, modify and operate our facilities. In addition, certain of our facilities are also required to comply with the terms of consent decrees or other governmental orders. 

With the continuing trend toward stricter standards, greater regulation and more extensive permitting requirements, our
capital and operating environmental expenditures are likely to be substantial and may increase in the future. We may not be able to obtain or maintain all required environmental regulatory permits or other approvals that we need to operate our
business. If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals or permits, or if we fail to obtain or comply with any required approval or permit, the operation of our facilities may be interrupted or become subject to
additional costs and, as a result, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

Our business is subject to complex government regulation. Changes in these regulations or in their implementation may affect costs of operating our facilities or
our ability to operate our facilities, or increase competition, any of which would negatively impact our results of operations. 

We are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the generation and sale of energy commodities, as well as discharge of
materials into the environment and otherwise relating to the environment and public health and safety in each of the jurisdictions in which we have operations. Compliance with these laws and regulations requires expenses (including legal
representation) and monitoring, capital and operating expenditures, including those related to pollution control equipment, emission credits, remediation obligations and permitting at various operating facilities. Furthermore, these regulations are
subject to change at any time, and we cannot predict what changes may occur in the future or how such changes might affect any facet of our business. 

The costs and burdens associated with complying with the increased number of regulations may have a material adverse effect on us, if we fail to comply
with the laws and regulations governing our business or if we 

22 

fail to maintain or obtain advantageous regulatory authorizations and exemptions. Moreover, increased competition resulting from potential legislative
changes, regulatory changes or other factors may create greater risks to the stability of our power generation earnings and cash flows generally. In addition, we are subject to the risk of litigation relating to existing and potential legal,
regulatory, administrative and legislative requirements and the activities they govern, including litigation involving greenhouse gases and other emissions from our power generation facilities. 

Availability and cost of emission credits could materially impact our costs of
operations. 

We are required to maintain, either by
allocation or purchase, sufficient emission credits to support our operations in the ordinary course of operating our power generation facilities. These credits are used to meet our obligations imposed by various applicable environmental laws, with
respect to which the trend toward more stringent regulations (including regulations currently proposed or being discussed regarding carbon emissions) will likely require us to obtain new or additional emission credits. If our operational needs
require more than our allocated allowances of emission credits, we may be forced to purchase such credits on the open market, which could be costly. If we are unable to maintain sufficient emission credits to match our operational needs, we may have
to curtail our operations so as not to exceed our available emission credits, or install costly new emissions controls. As we use the emissions credits that we have purchased on the open market, costs associated with such purchases will be
recognized as operating expense. If such credits are available for purchase, but only at significantly higher prices, the purchase of such credits could materially increase our costs of operations in the affected markets. 

Competition in wholesale power markets, together with an oversupply of power generation
capacity in certain regional markets, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We have numerous competitors and additional competitors may enter the industry. Our power generation business competes with other non-utility generators,
regulated utilities, unregulated subsidiaries of regulated utilities and other energy service companies in the sale of energy, capacity and ancillary services, as well as in the procurement of fuel, transmission and transportation services.
Moreover, aggregate demand for power may be met by generation capacity based on several competing technologies, as well as power generating facilities fueled by alternative or renewable energy sources, including hydroelectric power, synthetic fuels,
solar, wind, wood, geothermal, waste heat and solid waste sources. Regulatory initiatives designed to enhance renewable generation could increase competition from these types of facilities. In addition, a buildup of new electric generation
facilities in recent years has resulted in an abundance of power generation capacity in certain regional markets we serve. 

We also compete against other energy merchants on the basis of our relative operating skills, financial position and access to credit sources. Energy
customers, wholesale energy suppliers and transporters often seek financial guarantees, credit support such as letters of credit, and other assurances that their energy contracts will be satisfied. Companies with which we compete may have greater
resources in these areas. In addition, many of our current facilities are relatively old. Newer plants owned by competitors will often be more efficient than some of our plants, which may put some of our plants at a competitive disadvantage. Over
time, some of our plants may become obsolete in their markets, or be unable to compete, because of the construction of new, more efficient plants. 

Other factors may contribute to increased competition in wholesale power markets. New forms of capital and competitors have entered the industry in the
last several years, including financial investors who perceive that asset values are at levels below their true replacement value. As a result, a number of generation facilities in the United States are now owned by lenders and investment companies.
Furthermore, mergers and asset reallocations in the industry could create powerful new competitors. Under any scenario, we anticipate that we will face competition from numerous companies in the industry, some of which have superior capital
structures. 

23 

Moreover, many companies in the regulated utility industry, with which the wholesale power industry is
closely linked, are also restructuring or reviewing their strategies. Several of those companies have discontinued or are discontinuing their unregulated activities and seeking to divest or spin-off their unregulated subsidiaries. Some of those
companies have had, or are attempting to have, their regulated subsidiaries acquire assets out of their or other companies’ unregulated subsidiaries. This may lead to increased competition between the regulated utilities and the unregulated
power producers within certain markets. To the extent that competition increases, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 

We do not own or control transmission facilities required to sell the wholesale power from our generation facilities. If the
transmission service is inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver wholesale power may be materially adversely affected. Furthermore, these transmission facilities are operated by RTOs and ISOs, which are subject to changes in structure and
operation and impose various pricing limitations. These changes and pricing limitations may affect our ability to deliver power to the market that would, in turn, adversely affect the profitability of our generation facilities. 

We do not own or control the transmission facilities required to sell the
wholesale power from our generation facilities. If the transmission service from these facilities is unavailable or disrupted, or if the transmission capacity infrastructure is inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver wholesale power may be
materially adversely affected. RTOs and ISOs provide transmission services, administer transparent and competitive power markets and maintain system reliability. Many of these RTOs and ISOs operate in the real-time and day-ahead markets in which we
sell energy. The RTOs and ISOs that oversee most of the wholesale power markets impose, and in the future may continue to impose, offer caps and other mechanisms to guard against the potential exercise of market power in these markets as well
as price limitations. These types of price limitations and other regulatory mechanisms may adversely affect the profitability of our generation facilities that sell energy and capacity into the wholesale power markets. Problems or delays
that may arise in the formation and operation of new or maturing RTOs and similar market structures, or changes in geographic scope, rules or market operations of existing RTOs, may also affect our ability to sell, the prices we receive or the
cost to transmit power produced by our generating facilities. Rules governing the various regional power markets may also change from time to time, which could affect our costs or revenues. Furthermore, the rates for transmission capacity from
these facilities are set by others and thus are subject to changes, some of which could be significant, and as a result, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 

Plum Point and Sandy Creek, which are currently under construction, may not be
completed, and the construction of other development projects in which Dynegy has an interest via DLS Power Holdings and DLS Power Development may never be initiated or completed. 

We possess ownership interests in Plum Point and Sandy Creek, which are
currently in the construction phase, with expected completion dates in 2010 and 2012, respectively. Dynegy also possesses a 50 percent ownership interest in DLS Power Holdings and DLS Power Development, which is in the process of developing various
“greenfield” projects and expansion and replacement projects. Additional development projects may be contributed to DLS Power Holdings and DLS Power Development from time to time by Dynegy and the LS Power Group. 

These projects generally require various governmental and other approvals,
which may not be received. As a result of economic and other conditions, Plum Point and Sandy Creek may not be completed, and the development projects may not be pursued or completed, and higher costs than those that are anticipated may be incurred
with respect to any of the projects. 

In addition, the
development and construction of power generation facilities may be adversely affected by one or more factors commonly associated with large infrastructure projects, including, but not limited to, changes in the forecasted financial viability of
new-build generation in a region, shortages of equipment, materials and 

24 

labor, long-term contracting opportunities, delays in delivery of equipment and materials, labor disputes, litigation, failure to obtain necessary
governmental and regulatory approvals and permits, adverse weather conditions, unanticipated increases in costs, natural disasters, accidents, local and political opposition, unforeseen engineering, design, environmental or geological problems and
other unforeseen events or circumstances. Any one of these events could result in delays in, or even the abandonment of, the development of the affected power generation facility. Such events may also result in cost overruns, payments under
committed contracts associated with the affected project, and/or the write-off of equity investment in the project. Any such development may materially and adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely impacted by strikes or work stoppages by our unionized employees.

A majority of the employees at our facilities are subject to collective bargaining agreements with various unions that expire from
2008 through 2011. If union employees strike, participate in a work stoppage or slowdown or engage in other forms of labor strife or disruption, we could experience reduced power generation or outages if replacement labor is not procured. The
ability to procure such replacement labor is uncertain. Strikes, work stoppages or an inability to negotiate future collective bargaining agreements on commercially reasonable terms could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. 

Risks Related to Our Financial Structure, Level of Indebtedness and Access to Markets 

An event of loss and certain other events relating to our Roseton and Danskammer power generation facilities could trigger a substantial obligation that would be
difficult for us to satisfy. 

We acquired the Roseton and Danskammer power generation facilities in January 2001. In May 2001, we
entered into an asset-backed sale-leaseback transaction relating to these facilities to provide us with long-term acquisition financing. In this transaction, we sold four of the six generating units comprising these facilities for approximately $920
million to Danskammer OL LLC and Roseton OL LLC, and we concurrently agreed to lease them back from these entities. We have no option to purchase the leased facilities at Roseton or Danskammer at the end of their lease terms, which end in 2035 and
2031, respectively. If one or more of the leases were to be terminated prior to the end of its term because of an event of loss (such as substantial damage to a facility or a condemnation or similar governmental taking or action), because it becomes
illegal for us to comply with the lease, or because a change in law makes the facility economically or technologically obsolete, we would be required to make a termination payment in an amount sufficient to compensate the lessor for termination
of the lease, including redeeming the pass-through trust certificates related to the unit or facility for which the lease is terminated. As of December 31, 2007, the termination payment would be approximately $1 billion for the Roseton and
Danskammer power generation facilities. It could be difficult for us to raise sufficient funds to make this termination payment if a termination of this type were to occur with respect to the Roseton and Danskammer power generation facilities,
resulting in a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We have significant debt that could
negatively impact our business. 

We have and will continue to have a significant amount of debt outstanding. As of December 31,
2007, we had total consolidated debt of approximately $6.0 billion. Our significant level of debt could: 

•

 make it difficult to satisfy our financial obligations; 

•

 limit our ability to obtain additional financing to operate our business; 

•

 limit our financial flexibility in planning for and reacting to business and industry changes; 

•

 impact the evaluation of our creditworthiness by counterparties to commercial agreements and affect the level of collateral we are required to post under such
agreements; 

25 

•

 place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to less leveraged companies; 

•

 make it difficult or impossible for us to make acquisitions that would help our business or allow us to remain competitive; and 

•

 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including changes in interest rates and volatility in commodity prices.

Furthermore, we may incur or assume additional debt in the future. If new debt is added to our current debt levels and
those of our subsidiaries, the related risks that we and they face could increase significantly. 

Covenants in our financing agreements impose
significant restrictions on us. The terms of our debt may severely limit our ability to plan for or respond to changes in our businesses, and the failure to comply with these covenants could lead the lenders to foreclose on, and acquire control of,
substantially all of our assets, which would have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our financing agreements, including the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Facility, have terms that restrict our ability to take specific actions in planning for and responding to changes in our business without the
consent of the lenders, even if such actions may be in our best interest. The agreements governing our debt obligations require us to meet specific financial tests both as a matter of course and as a precondition to the incurrence of additional debt
and to the making of restricted payments, among other things. They also limit our ability to return capital to our stockholders. Any additional long-term debt that we may enter into in the future may also contain similar restrictions. 

Our ability to comply with the financial tests and other covenants in our financing agreements, as they currently exist or as they may be amended, may be
affected by many events beyond our control, and our future operating results may not allow us to comply with the covenants or, in the event of a default, to remedy that default. Our failure to comply with those financial covenants or to comply with
the other restrictions in our financing agreements could result in a default, causing our debt obligations under such financing agreements (and by reason of cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions, our other indebtedness) to become
immediately due and payable, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. If those lenders accelerate the payment of such indebtedness, we cannot assure you that we could
pay-off or refinance that indebtedness immediately and continue to operate our business. If we are unable to repay those amounts, otherwise cure the default, or obtain replacement financing, the holders of the indebtedness under our secured debt
obligations would be entitled to foreclose on, and acquire control of substantially all of our assets, which would have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our access to the capital markets may be limited. 

We may require additional capital from time to time beyond the near-term. Unlike those companies in the power generation industry that are “investment grade” and for which the capital markets are typically open, our access to the
capital markets may be limited. Moreover, the timing of any capital-raising transaction may be impacted by unforeseen events, such as strategic growth opportunities, legal judgments or regulatory requirements, which could require us to pursue
additional capital in the near-term. Our ability to obtain capital and the costs of such capital are dependent on numerous factors, including: 

•

 general economic and capital market conditions; 

•

 covenants in our existing debt and credit agreements; 

•

 credit availability from banks and other financial institutions; 

•

 investor confidence in us and the regional wholesale power markets; 

•

 our financial performance and the financial performance of our subsidiaries; 

•

 our levels of debt; 

26 

•

 our requirements for posting collateral under various commercial agreements; 

•

 our maintenance of acceptable credit ratings; 

•

 our cash flow; 

•

 provisions of tax and securities laws that may impact raising capital; 

•

 financing policies of banking institutions related to investing in plants which will emit greenhouse gasses; and 

•

 our long-term business prospects. 

We may not be successful in obtaining additional capital for these or other reasons. An inability to access capital may limit our ability to pursue
development projects, plant improvements or acquisitions that we may rely on for future growth and to comply with regulatory requirements and, as a result, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows, and on our ability to execute our business strategy. 

We expect
that our non-investment grade status will continue to adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may not have adequate liquidity to post required amounts of additional collateral. 

Our credit ratings are currently below investment grade. Our current
non-investment grade ratings increase our borrowing costs, both by increasing the actual interest rates we are required to pay under any existing debt (to the extent it is linked to our credit rating) and any debt in the capital markets that we are
able to issue. We cannot assure you that our credit ratings will improve, or that they will not decline, in the future. 

Additionally, our non-investment grade status limits our ability to refinance our debt obligations and to access the capital markets. Should our ratings
continue at their current levels, or should our ratings be further downgraded, we would expect these negative effects to continue and, in the case of a downgrade, become more pronounced. 

Our credit ratings also require us to either prepay obligations or post significant amounts of collateral to support our
business. Various commodity trading counterparties make collateral demands that reflect our non-investment grade credit ratings, the counterparties’ views of our creditworthiness, as well as changes in commodity prices. We use a portion of our
capital resources, in the form of cash and letters of credit, to satisfy these counterparty collateral demands. Our commodity agreements contain requirements to post additional collateral under certain circumstances. If conditions change such that
counterparties are entitled to demand such additional collateral, our liquidity could be severely strained and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Factors that could trigger increased
demands for collateral include additional adverse changes in our industry, negative regulatory or litigation developments, adverse events affecting us, changes in our credit rating or liquidity and changes in commodity prices for power and fuel. In
addition, to the extent we engage in forward sales against volatility in commodity prices and, as a result, our cash flow is less than anticipated, a source of our liquidity resources may be depleted. 

We conduct a substantial portion of our operations through our subsidiaries and may be
limited in our ability to access funds from these subsidiaries to service our debt. 

We conduct a substantial portion of our operations through our subsidiaries and depend to a large degree upon dividends and other intercompany transfers of funds from our subsidiaries to meet our debt service and
other obligations. In addition, the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends and make other payments to us may be restricted by, among other things, applicable corporate and other laws, potentially adverse tax consequences and agreements of our
subsidiaries. If we are unable to access the cash flow of our subsidiaries, we may have difficulty meeting our debt obligations. 

27 

Risks Related to Investing 

Our growth strategy may include acquisitions or combinations that could fail or present unanticipated problems for our business in the
future, which would adversely affect our ability to realize the anticipated benefits of those transactions. 

Our growth strategy may include acquiring or combining with other businesses. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition or combination
opportunities or finance and complete any particular acquisition or combination successfully. Furthermore, acquisitions and combinations involve a number of risks and challenges, including: 

•

 diversion of our management’s attention; 

•

 the ability to obtain required regulatory and other approvals; 

•

 the need to integrate acquired or combined operations with our operations; 

•

 potential loss of key employees; 

•

 difficulty in evaluating the power assets, operating costs, infrastructure requirements, environmental and other liabilities and other factors beyond our control;

•

 potential lack of operating experience in new geographic/power markets or with different fuel sources; 

•

 an increase in our expenses and working capital requirements; and 

•

 the possibility that we may be required to issue a substantial amount of additional equity or debt securities or assume additional debt in connection with any such
transactions. 

Any of these factors could
adversely affect our ability to achieve anticipated levels of cash flows or realize synergies or other anticipated benefits from a strategic transaction. Furthermore, the market for transactions is highly competitive, which may adversely affect our
ability to find transactions that fit our strategic objectives or increase the price we are required to pay (which could decrease the benefit of the transaction or hinder our desire or ability to consummate the transaction). In pursuing our
strategy, consistent with industry practice, we routinely engage in discussions with industry participants regarding potential transactions, large and small. We intend to continue to engage in strategic discussions and will need to respond to
potential opportunities quickly and decisively. As a result, strategic transactions may occur at any time and may be significant in size relative to our assets and operations. 

If our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.

We have significant intangible assets and goodwill
recorded on our balance sheet. In accordance with GAAP, we review our intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is required to be tested for impairment at
least annually. Factors that may be considered a change in circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or intangible assets may not be recoverable include a decline in future cash flows and slower growth rates in the energy
industry. If we determine an impairment of our goodwill or intangible assets is necessary, we would be required to record a charge to earnings in our financial statements, which could be significant. 

The interests of the LS Control Group may conflict with your interests and, with
respect to DLS Power Holdings and DLS Power Development, Dynegy’s interests. 

The LS Control Group (as defined below) owns approximately 40 percent of Dynegy’s voting power and has the right to nominate up to three members of Dynegy’s 11-member board of directors. By virtue of such
stock ownership and board representation, the LS Control Group has, as described in the risk factor immediately below, the power to influence Dynegy’s affairs and the outcome of matters required to be submitted to Dynegy’s stockholders for
approval. Moreover, by virtue of such stock ownership and board representation and its 

28 

50 percent membership interest (via LS Associates) in DLS Power Holdings and DLS Power Development, the LS Control Group has the power to influence the
affairs of DLS Power Holdings and DLS Power Development. 

The
LS Control Group may have interests that differ from those of holders of Dynegy’s Class A common stock, and these relationships could give rise to conflicts of interest, including: 

•

 conflicts between the LS Control Group and Dynegy’s other stockholders, whose interests may differ with respect to the strategic direction or significant
corporate transactions of the company; and 

•

 conflicts related to corporate opportunities that could be pursued by Dynegy, on the one hand, or by the LS Control Group, on the other hand.

Further, Dynegy’s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation renounces any interest in, and waives, any claim that a corporate or business opportunity taken by the LS Control Group constitutes a corporate opportunity of the company, unless such corporate or business opportunity is
expressly offered to one of Dynegy’s directors or officers. 

The LS
Control Group’s significant interest in Dynegy could be determinative in matters submitted to a vote by Dynegy’s stockholders. In addition, the rights granted to the LS Shareholders (as defined below) under the Shareholder Agreement (as
defined below) and Dynegy’s amended and restated bylaws provide them significant influence over Dynegy. Such influence could result in Dynegy either taking actions that Dynegy’s other stockholders do not support or failing to take actions
that Dynegy’s other stockholders do support. 

The
LS Control Group’s ownership interest in Dynegy, together with its rights under the Shareholder Agreement and Dynegy’s amended and restated bylaws, provides it with significant influence over the conduct of Dynegy’s business. Given
the LS Control Group’s significant interest in Dynegy, it may have the power to determine the outcome of matters submitted to a vote of all of Dynegy’s stockholders. 

Rights granted to the LS Control Group under the Shareholder Agreement and Dynegy’s amended and restated bylaws that
provide it with significant influence over Dynegy’s business include: 

•

 the ability to nominate up to three directors to Dynegy’s board of directors based on its percentage ownership interest in Dynegy; and

•

 the requirement that Dynegy not pursue any of the following actions if all directors nominated by the LS Control Group present at the relevant board meeting vote
against such action: 

•

 any amendment of Dynegy’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation or amended and restated bylaws; 

•

 any merger or consolidation of Dynegy and certain dispositions of Dynegy’s assets or businesses, certain acquisitions, binding capital commitments, guarantees
and investments and certain joint ventures with an aggregate value in excess of a specified amount; 

•

 Dynegy’s payment of dividends or similar distributions; 

•

 Dynegy’s engagement in new lines of business; 

•

 Dynegy’s liquidation or dissolution, or certain bankruptcy-related events with respect to Dynegy; 

•

 Dynegy’s issuance of any equity securities, with certain exceptions for issuances of Dynegy’s Class A common stock; 

•

 Dynegy’s incurrence of any indebtedness in excess of a specified amount; 

29 

•

 the hiring, or termination of the employment of, Dynegy’s Chief Executive Officer (other than Bruce A. Williamson); 

•

 our entry into any agreement or other action that limits the activities of any holder of Dynegy’s Class B common stock or any of such holder’s affiliates;
and 

•

 our entry into other material transactions with a value in excess of a specified amount. 

Such influence could result in us either taking actions that Dynegy’s
other stockholders do not support or failing to take actions that Dynegy’s other stockholders do support. 

Dynegy’s stockholders may be adversely affected by the expiration of the transfer restrictions in the Shareholder Agreement, which would enable the LS Control Group to, among other things, transfer a
significant percentage of Dynegy’s common stock to a third party. 

The transfer provisions in the Shareholder Agreement, subject to specified exceptions, restrict the LS Control Group from transferring shares of Dynegy’s common stock. Subject to specified exceptions, the LS
Control Group is prohibited from transferring shares of Dynegy’s common stock until the earlier of: 

•

 April 2, 2009; 

•

 the date the stockholders party to the Shareholder Agreement cease to own at least 15 percent of the total combined voting power of Dynegy’s outstanding
securities; or 

•

 subject to certain conditions, the date a third party offer is made to acquire more than 25 percent of Dynegy’s assets or voting securities.

In addition, if the transfer restrictions in
the Shareholder Agreement are terminated, the LS Control Group will be free to sell their shares of Dynegy’s common stock, subject to certain exceptions, to any person on the open market, in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise in
accordance with law. These sales or transfers, as well as sales or other dispositions, could create a substantial decline in the price of shares of Dynegy’s common stock, including Dynegy’s Class A common stock.