FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Form 10-K includes statements reflecting assumptions, expectations, projections,
intentions or beliefs about future events that are intended as “forward-looking statements”. All
statements included or incorporated by reference in this annual report, other than statements of
historical fact, that address activities, events or developments that we or our management expect,
believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. These
statements represent our reasonable judgment on the future based on various factors and using
numerous assumptions and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors
that could cause our actual results and financial position to differ materially from those
contemplated by the statements. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not
relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use words such as “anticipate”, “estimate”,
“project”, “forecast”, “plan”, “may”, “will”, “should”, “expect” and other words of similar
meaning. In particular, these include, but are not limited to, statements relating to the
following:

•

beliefs about commodity pricing and generation volumes;

•

beliefs regarding the current economic downturn, its trajectory and its impacts;

•

sufficiency of, access to and costs associated with coal, fuel oil and natural gas
inventories and transportation;

•

beliefs and assumptions about market competition, generation capacity and regional
supply and demand characteristics of the wholesale power generation market;

•

beliefs associated with Dynegy’s market capitalization and its impact on goodwill;

•

strategies to capture opportunities presented by changes in commodity prices and to
manage our exposure to energy price volatility;

•

beliefs and assumptions about weather and general economic conditions;

•

expectations regarding environmental matters, including costs of compliance,
availability and adequacy of emission credits, and the impact of ongoing proceedings and
potential regulations, including those relating to climate change;

•

projected operating or financial results, including anticipated cash flows from
operations, revenues and profitability;

•

beliefs and assumptions regarding the current financial crisis and its impact on our
liquidity needs and on the credit markets generally and our access thereto;

•

beliefs and assumptions relating to liquidity and capital resources generally;

•

beliefs and expectations regarding financing, development and timing of the Sandy
Creek and Plum Point projects;

•

expectations regarding capital expenditures, interest expense and other payments;

•

our focus on safety and our ability to efficiently operate our assets so as to
maximize our revenue generating opportunities and operating margins;

•

beliefs about the outcome of legal, regulatory, administrative and legislative
matters;

•

expectations and estimates regarding capital and maintenance expenditures, including
the Consent Decree and its associated costs; and

•

efforts to position our power generation business for future growth and pursuing and
executing acquisition, disposition or combination opportunities.

Any or all of our forward-looking statements may turn out to be wrong. They can be affected
by inaccurate assumptions or by known or unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of
which are beyond our control, including those set forth below.

19

Table of Contents

FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT FUTURE RESULTS

Risks Related to the Operation of Our Business

Because many of our power generation facilities operate without long-term power sales agreements
and because wholesale power prices are subject to significant volatility, our revenues and
profitability are subject to wide fluctuations.

Many of our facilities operate as “merchant” facilities without long-term power sales
agreements. Consequently, we cannot be sure that we will be able to sell any or all of the
electric energy, capacity or ancillary services from those facilities at commercially attractive
rates or that our facilities will be able to operate profitably. This could lead to decreased
financial results as well as future impairments of our property, plant and equipment or to the
retirement of certain of our facilities resulting in economic losses and liabilities.

Because we largely sell electric energy, capacity and ancillary services into the wholesale
energy spot market or into other power markets on a term basis, we are not guaranteed any rate of
return on our capital investments. Rather, our financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows will depend, in large part, upon prevailing market prices for power and the fuel to generate
such power. Wholesale power markets are subject to significant price fluctuations over relatively
short periods of time and can be unpredictable. Such factors that may materially impact the power
markets and our financial results are:

•

the current and continuing economic downturn, the existence and effectiveness of
demand-side management and conservation efforts and the extent to which they impact
electricity demand;

•

regulatory constraints on pricing (current or future);

•

fuel price volatility; and

•

increased competition or price pressure driven by generation from renewable sources.

Given the volatility of power commodity prices, to the extent we do not secure long-term power
sales agreements for the output of our power generation facilities, our revenues and profitability
will be subject to increased volatility, and our financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows could be materially adversely affected.

Our commercial strategy may result in lost opportunities and, in any case, may not be executed as
planned.

We seek to commercialize our assets through sales arrangements of various tenors. In doing
so, we attempt to balance a desire for greater certainty of earnings and cash flows in the near
term with a belief that commodity prices will rise over the longer term, creating upside
opportunities for those with open merchant length. Our ability to successfully execute this
strategy is dependent on a number of factors, many of which are outside our control, including
market liquidity, the availability of counterparties willing to transact at prices we believe are
commercially acceptable and the people and systems comprising our commercial operations function.
If we are unable to transact in the near term, our near-term financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows will be subject to significant uncertainty and volatility.
Alternatively, significant near-term contract execution may precede a run-up in commodity prices,
resulting in lost upside opportunities and mark-to-market accounting losses effecting significant
variability in net income and other GAAP reported measures.

We are exposed to the risk of fuel and fuel transportation cost increases and interruptions in fuel
supplies because some of our facilities do not have long-term coal, natural gas or fuel oil supply
agreements.

We purchase the fuel requirements for many of our power generation facilities, specifically
those that are natural gas-fired, under short-term contracts or on the spot market. As a result,
we face the risks of
supply interruptions and fuel price volatility, as fuel deliveries may not exactly match those
required for energy sales, due in part to our need to pre-purchase fuel inventories for reliability
and dispatch requirements.

20

Table of Contents

Moreover, operation of many of our coal-fired generation facilities is highly dependent on our
ability to procure coal. Power generators in the Midwest and the Northeast have experienced
significant pressures on available coal supplies that are either transportation or supply related.
In particular, we have entered into term contracts for South American coal, which we use for our
GEN-NE coal assets. We cannot assure you that we will be able to renew these contracts when they
terminate on terms that are favorable to us or at all. Further, transportation of South American
coal is subject to local political and other factors that could have a negative impact on our coal
deliveries regardless of our contract situation. Permit limitations associated with the loading
and unloading of coal at our GEN-NE coal facility limit our options for coal fuel supply and, when
coupled with continued strong coal prices and uncertainties associated with international
contracting, create continuing risk for us in terms of our ability to procure coal for periods and
at prices we believe are firm and favorable.

Further, any changes in the costs of coal, fuel oil, natural gas or transportation rates of
the commodity and changes in the relationship between such costs and the market prices of power
will affect our financial results and our ability to recover those costs. If we are unable to
procure fuel for physical delivery at prices we consider favorable, our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.

Our costs of compliance with existing environmental requirements are significant, and costs of
compliance with new environmental requirements could adversely affect our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.

Our business is subject to extensive and frequently changing environmental regulation by
federal, state and local authorities. Such environmental regulation imposes, among other things,
restrictions, liabilities and obligations in connection with the generation, handling, use,
transportation, treatment, storage and disposal of hazardous substances and waste and in connection
with spills, releases and emissions of various substances (including CO2) into the
environment, and in connection with environmental impacts associated with cooling water intake
structures. Existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised or reinterpreted, new laws
and regulations may be adopted or may become applicable to us or our facilities, and litigation or
enforcement proceedings could be commenced against us. Proposals being considered by federal and
state authorities (including proposals regarding climate change regulation) could, if and when
adopted or enacted, require us to make substantial capital and operating expenditures. If any of
these events occur, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be
materially adversely affected.

Moreover, many environmental laws require approvals or permits from governmental authorities
before construction, modification or operation of a power generation facility may commence.
Certain environmental permits must be renewed periodically in order to continue operating our
facilities. The process for obtaining and renewing necessary permits can be lengthy and complex
and can sometimes result in the establishment of permit conditions that make the project or
activity for which the permit was sought unprofitable or otherwise unattractive. Even where
permits are not required, compliance with environmental laws and regulations can require
significant capital and operating expenditures. We are required to comply with numerous
environmental laws and regulations, and to obtain numerous governmental permits when we construct,
modify and operate our facilities. If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental
regulatory approvals or permits, if we fail to obtain any required approval or permit, or if we are
unable to comply with the terms of such approvals or permits, the operation of our facilities may
be interrupted or become subject to additional costs. Further, interpretations of existing
regulations may change, subjecting historical maintenance, repair and replacement activities at our
facilities to claims of noncompliance. As a result, our financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. Certain of our facilities are also required
to comply with the terms of consent decrees or other governmental orders.

With the continuing trend toward stricter environmental standards and more extensive
regulatory and permitting requirements, our capital and operating environmental expenditures are
likely to be substantial and may increase in the future. We may not be able to obtain or maintain
all required environmental regulatory permits or other approvals that we need to operate one or
more of our facilities. If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory
approvals or permits, or if we fail to obtain any required approval or permit, or if we are unable
to comply with the terms of such approvals or permits, the operation of our facilities may be
interrupted or become subject to additional costs and, as a result, our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.

21

Table of Contents

Our business is subject to complex government regulation. Changes in these regulations or in their
implementation may affect costs of operating our facilities or our ability to operate our
facilities, or increase competition, any of which would negatively impact our results of
operations.

We are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations governing the
generation and sale of energy commodities in each of the jurisdictions in which we have operations.
Compliance with these ever-changing laws and regulations requires expenses (including legal
representation) and monitoring, capital and operating expenditures. Potential changes in laws and
regulations that could have a material impact on our business include: re-regulation of the power
industry in markets in which we conduct business; the introduction, or reintroduction, of rate caps
or pricing constraints; or a variation of these. Furthermore, these and other market-based rules
and regulations are subject to change at any time, and we cannot predict what changes may occur in
the future or how such changes might affect any facet of our business.

The costs and burdens associated with complying with the increased number of regulations may
have a material adverse effect on us, if we fail to comply with the laws and regulations governing
our business or if we fail to maintain or obtain advantageous regulatory authorizations and
exemptions. Moreover, increased competition within the sector resulting from potential legislative
changes, regulatory changes or other factors may create greater risks to the stability of our power
generation earnings and cash flows generally.

Availability and cost of emission allowances could materially impact our costs of operations.

We are required to maintain, either through allocation or purchase, sufficient emission
allowances to support our operations in the ordinary course of operating our power generation
facilities. These allowances are used to meet our obligations imposed by various applicable
environmental laws, with respect to which the trend toward more stringent regulations (including
regulations currently proposed or being discussed regarding CO2 emissions) will likely
require us to obtain new or additional emission allowances. If our operational needs require more
than our allocated quantity of emission allowances, we may be forced to purchase such allowances on
the open market, which could be costly. If we are unable to maintain sufficient emission
allowances to match our operational needs, we may have to curtail our operations so as not to
exceed our available emission allowances, or install costly new emissions controls. As we use the
emissions allowances that we have purchased on the open market, costs associated with such
purchases will be recognized as operating expense. If such allowances are available for purchase,
but only at significantly higher prices, their purchase could materially increase our costs of
operations in the affected markets and materially adversely affect our financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows.

Competition in wholesale power markets, together with an oversupply of power generation capacity in
certain regional markets, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

We have numerous competitors, and additional competitors may enter the industry. Our power
generation business competes with other non-utility generators, regulated utilities, unregulated
subsidiaries of regulated utilities and other energy service companies in the sale of electric
energy, capacity and ancillary services, as well as in the procurement of fuel, transmission and
transportation services. Moreover, aggregate demand for power may be met by generation capacity
based on several competing technologies, as well as power generating facilities fueled by
alternative or renewable energy sources,
including hydroelectric power, synthetic fuels, solar, wind, wood, geothermal, waste heat and
solid waste sources. Regulatory initiatives designed to enhance renewable generation could
increase competition from these types of facilities. In addition, a buildup of new electric
generation facilities in recent years has resulted in an oversupply of power generation capacity in
certain regional markets we serve.

We also compete against other energy merchants on the basis of our relative operating skills,
financial position and access to credit sources. Electric energy customers, wholesale energy
suppliers and transporters often seek financial guarantees, credit support such as letters of
credit, and other assurances that their energy contracts will be satisfied. Companies with which
we compete may have greater resources in these areas. In addition, certain of our current
facilities are relatively old. Newer plants owned by competitors will often be more efficient than
some of our plants, which may put some of our plants at a competitive disadvantage. Over time,
some of our plants may become obsolete in their markets, or be unable to compete, because of the
construction of new, more efficient plants.

22

Table of Contents

Other factors may contribute to increased competition in wholesale power markets. New forms
of capital and competitors have entered the industry in the last several years, including financial
investors who perceive that asset values are at levels below their true replacement value. As a
result, a number of generation facilities in the United States are now owned by lenders and
investment companies. Furthermore, mergers and asset reallocations in the industry could create
powerful new competitors. Under any scenario, we anticipate that we will face competition from
numerous companies in the industry, some of which have superior capital structures.

Moreover, many companies in the regulated utility industry, with which the wholesale power
industry is closely linked, are also restructuring or reviewing their strategies. Several of those
companies have discontinued or are discontinuing their unregulated activities and seeking to divest
or spin-off their unregulated subsidiaries. Some of those companies have had, or are attempting to
have, their regulated subsidiaries acquire assets out of their or other companies’ unregulated
subsidiaries. This may lead to increased competition between the regulated utilities and the
unregulated power producers within certain markets. To the extent that competition increases, our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially adversely affected.

We do not own or control transmission facilities required to sell the wholesale power from our
generation facilities. If the transmission service is inadequate, our ability to sell and deliver
wholesale power may be materially adversely affected. Furthermore, these transmission facilities
are operated by RTOs and ISOs , which are subject to changes in structure and operation and impose
various pricing limitations. These changes and pricing limitations may affect our ability to
deliver power to the market that would, in turn, adversely affect the profitability of our
generation facilities.

We do not own or control the transmission facilities required to sell the wholesale power from
our generation facilities. If the transmission service from these facilities is unavailable or
disrupted, or if the transmission capacity infrastructure is inadequate, our ability to sell and
deliver wholesale power may be materially adversely affected. RTOs and ISOs provide transmission
services, administer transparent and competitive power markets and maintain system reliability.
Many of these RTOs and ISOs operate in the real-time and day-ahead markets in which we sell energy.
The RTOs and ISOs that oversee most of the wholesale power markets impose, and in the future may
continue to impose, offer caps and other mechanisms to guard against the potential exercise of
market power in these markets as well as price limitations. These types of price limitations and
other regulatory mechanisms may adversely affect the profitability of our generation facilities
that sell energy and capacity into the wholesale power markets. Problems or delays that may arise
in the formation and operation of new or maturing RTOs and similar market structures, or changes in
geographic scope, rules or market operations of existing RTOs, may also affect our ability to sell,
the prices we receive or the cost to transmit power produced by our generating facilities. Rules
governing the various regional power markets may also change from time to time, which could affect
our costs or revenues. Additionally, if the transmission service from these facilities is
unavailable or disrupted, or if the transmission capacity infrastructure is inadequate, our ability
to sell and deliver wholesale power may be materially adversely affected. Furthermore, the rates
for transmission capacity from these facilities are set by others and thus are subject to changes,
some of which could be
significant, and as a result, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows
may be materially adversely affected.

Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows would be adversely impacted by
strikes or work stoppages by our unionized employees.

A majority of the employees at our facilities are subject to collective bargaining agreements
with various unions that expire from 2010 through 2012. Employees at our Griffith facility in
Arizona have voted for union certification, and we are currently engaged in discussions with their
representatives regarding a collective bargaining agreement. Similar unionization activities could
occur at other generating facilities in our fleet. If union employees strike, participate in a
work stoppage or slowdown or engage in other forms of labor strife or disruption, we could
experience reduced power generation or outages if replacement labor is not procured. The ability
to procure such replacement labor is uncertain. Strikes, work stoppages or an inability to
negotiate future collective bargaining agreements on commercially reasonable terms could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

23

Table of Contents

Costs of compliance with our Consent Decree may be materially adversely impacted by unforeseen
labor, material and equipment costs.

As a result of the Consent Decree, we are required to not operate certain of our most
profitable power generating facilities after specified dates unless certain emission control
equipment is installed. We have incurred significant costs in complying with the Consent Decree
and anticipate incurring additional significant costs over the course of the next four years. We
are exposed to the risk of substantial price increases in the costs of materials, labor and
equipment used in the construction. We are further exposed to risk in that counterparties to the
projects may fail to perform, in which case we would be forced to enter into alternative
arrangements at then-current market prices that may exceed our contractual prices and possibly
cause delays to the project timelines. If the costs of these capital expenditures become great
enough to render the operation of the facility uneconomical, we could, at our option, cease to
operate the facility or facilities and forego these capital expenditures without incurring any
further obligations under the Consent Decree.

Risks Related to Our Financial Structure, Level of Indebtedness and Access to Capital Markets

An event of loss and certain other events relating to our Dynegy Northeast Generation facilities
could trigger a substantial obligation that would be difficult for us to satisfy.

We acquired the DNE power generating facilities in January 2001 for $950 million. In May
2001, we entered into an asset-backed sale-leaseback transaction relating to these facilities to
provide us with long-term acquisition financing. In this transaction, we sold four of the six
generating units comprising these facilities for approximately $920 million to Danskammer OL LLC
and Roseton OL LLC, and we concurrently agreed to lease them back from these entities. We have no
option to purchase the leased facilities at Roseton or Danskammer at the end of their lease terms,
which end in 2035 and 2031, respectively. If one or more of the leases were to be terminated prior
to the end of its term because of an event of loss (such as substantial damage to a facility or a
condemnation or similar governmental taking or action), because it becomes illegal for us to comply
with the lease, or because a change in law makes the facility economically or technologically
obsolete, we would be required to make a termination payment in an amount sufficient to compensate
the lessor for termination of the lease, including redeeming the pass-through trust certificates
related to the unit or facility for which the lease is terminated. As of December 31, 2008, the
termination payment would be approximately $930 million for all of our DNE facilities. It could be
difficult for us to raise sufficient funds to make this termination payment if a termination of
this type were to occur with respect to the DNE facilities, resulting in a material adverse effect
on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

We have significant debt that could negatively impact our business.

We have and will continue to have a significant amount of debt outstanding. As of December
31, 2008, we had total consolidated debt of approximately $6 billion. Our significant level of
debt could:

•

make it difficult to satisfy our financial obligations;

•

limit our ability to obtain additional financing;

•

limit our financial flexibility in planning for and reacting to business and
industry changes;

•

impact the evaluation of our creditworthiness by counterparties to commercial
agreements and affect the level of collateral we are required to post under such
agreements;

•

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to less leveraged companies;

•

impact our ability to participate in industry consolidation; and

•

increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions.

Furthermore, we may incur or assume additional debt in the future. If new debt is added to
our current debt levels and those of our subsidiaries, the related risks that we and they face
could increase significantly.

24

Table of Contents

Our financing agreements governing our debt obligations require us to meet specific financial
tests. Our failure to comply with those financial covenants could have a material adverse impact
on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Our financing agreements, including the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Facility, as
amended, have terms that restrict our ability to take specific actions in planning for and
responding to changes in our business without the consent of the lenders, even if such actions may
be in our best interest. The agreements governing our debt obligations require us to meet specific
financial tests both as a matter of course and as a precondition to the incurrence of additional
debt and to the making of restricted payments or asset sales, among other things. Our obligations
relating to ongoing financial tests include the maintenance of specified financial ratios regarding
Secured Debt to EBITDA and EBITDA to Consolidated Interest Expense (as each such term is defined in
the Fifth Amended and Restated Credit Facility). The financial tests set forth as a precondition
to the events described above include the demonstration, on a pro forma basis, of a specified ratio
of Total Indebtedness to EBITDA (as each such term is defined in the Fifth Amended and Restated
Credit Facility). Any additional long-term debt that we may enter into in the future may also
contain similar restrictions.

Our ability to comply with the financial tests and other covenants in our financing
agreements, as they currently exist or as they may be amended, may be affected by many events
beyond our control, and our future operating results may not allow us to comply with the covenants
or, in the event of a default, to remedy that default. Our failure to comply with those financial
covenants or to comply with the other restrictions in our financing agreements could result in a
default, causing our debt obligations under such financing agreements (and by reason of
cross-default or cross-acceleration provisions, our other indebtedness) to become immediately due
and payable, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. If those lenders accelerate the payment of such indebtedness,
we cannot assure you that we could pay off or refinance that indebtedness immediately and continue
to operate our business. If we are unable to repay those amounts, otherwise cure the default, or
obtain replacement financing, the holders of the indebtedness under our secured debt obligations
would be entitled to foreclose on, and acquire control of substantially all of our assets, which
would have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows.

Our access to the capital markets may be limited.

We may require additional capital from time to time. Because of our non-investment grade
credit rating and/or general conditions in the financial and credit markets, our access to the
capital markets may
be limited. Moreover, the timing of any capital-raising transaction may be impacted by
unforeseen events, such as legal or regulatory requirements, which could require us to pursue
additional capital at an inopportune time. Our ability to obtain capital and the costs of such
capital are dependent on numerous factors, including:

•

general economic and capital market conditions, including the timing and magnitude
of market recovery;

•

covenants in our existing debt and credit agreements;

•

investor confidence in us and the regional wholesale power markets;

•

our financial performance and the financial performance of our subsidiaries;

•

our levels of debt;

•

our requirements for posting collateral under various commercial agreements;

•

our credit ratings;

•

our cash flow; and

•

our long-term business prospects.

We may not be successful in obtaining additional capital for these or other reasons. An
inability to access capital may limit our ability to comply with regulatory requirements and, as a
result, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. Further, inability to access capital may also limit our ability to pursue development
projects, plant improvements or acquisitions designed to contribute to future growth.

25

Table of Contents

Our non-investment grade status may adversely impact our operations, increase our liquidity
requirements and increase the cost of refinancing opportunities. We may not have adequate
liquidity to post required amounts of additional collateral.

Our credit ratings are currently below investment grade. We cannot assure you that our credit
ratings will improve, or that they will not decline, in the future. Our credit ratings may affect
the evaluation of our creditworthiness by trading counterparties and lenders, which could put us at
a disadvantage to competitors with higher or investment grade ratings.

In carrying out our commercial business strategy, our current non-investment grade credit
ratings have resulted and will likely continue to result in requirements that we either prepay
obligations or post significant amounts of collateral to support our business. Various commodity
trading counterparties make collateral demands that reflect our non-investment grade credit
ratings, the counterparties’ views of our creditworthiness, as well as changes in commodity prices.
We use a portion of our capital resources, in the form of cash, lien capacity, and letters of
credit, to satisfy these counterparty collateral demands. Our commodity agreements are tied to
market pricing and may require us to post additional collateral under certain circumstances. If
market conditions change such that counterparties are entitled to additional collateral, our
liquidity could be strained and may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows. Factors that could trigger increased demands for collateral
include additional adverse changes in our industry, negative regulatory or litigation developments,
adverse events affecting us, changes in our credit rating or liquidity and changes in commodity
prices for power and fuel.

Additionally, our non-investment grade credit ratings may limit our ability to refinance our debt
obligations and to access the capital markets at the lower borrowing costs that would presumably be
available to competitors with higher or investment grade ratings. Should our ratings continue at
their current levels, or should our ratings be further downgraded, we would expect these negative
effects to continue and, in the case of a downgrade, become more pronounced.

We conduct a substantial portion of our operations through our subsidiaries and may be limited in
our ability to access funds from these subsidiaries to service our debt.

We conduct a substantial portion of our operations through our subsidiaries and depend to a large
degree upon dividends and other intercompany transfers of funds from our subsidiaries to meet our
debt service and other obligations. In addition, the ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends
and make other payments to us may be restricted by, among other things, applicable corporate and
other laws, potentially adverse tax consequences and agreements of our subsidiaries. If we are
unable to access the cash flow of our subsidiaries, we may have difficulty meeting our debt
obligations.

Risks Related to Investing

If our goodwill or amortizable intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a
significant charge to earnings.

We have significant intangible assets and goodwill recorded on our balance sheet. In
accordance with GAAP, we review our intangible assets for impairment when events or changes in
circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Goodwill is required to be
tested for impairment at least annually. Factors that may be considered are a change in
circumstances indicating that the carrying value of our goodwill or intangible assets may not be
recoverable including a decline in future cash flows and slower growth rates in the energy
industry.

26

Table of Contents

As a result of recent declines in the quoted price of Dynegy’s Class A common stock, its
market capitalization is currently less than its stockholders’ equity. We have performed the test
for impairment and concluded that a goodwill impairment loss has not occurred at this time.
However, should Dynegy’s stockholders’ equity remain above its market capitalization, further
goodwill impairment testing will be performed in future periods and may result in an impairment
loss, which could be material.

The LS Control Group’s significant interest in Dynegy could be determinative in matters submitted
to a vote by Dynegy’s stockholders. In addition, the rights granted to the LS Shareholders (as
defined below) under the Shareholder Agreement (as defined below) and Dynegy’s amended and restated
bylaws provide them significant influence over Dynegy. Such influence could result in Dynegy
failing to take actions that Dynegy’s other stockholders support.

The LS Control Group’s ownership interest in Dynegy, together with its rights under the
Shareholder Agreement and Dynegy’s amended and restated bylaws, provides it with significant
influence over the conduct of our business. Given the LS Control Group’s significant interest in
Dynegy, it may have the power to determine the outcome of matters submitted to a vote of all of
Dynegy’s stockholders.

Rights granted to the LS Control Group under the Shareholder Agreement and Dynegy’s amended
and restated bylaws that provide it with significant influence over Dynegy’s business include:

•

the ability to nominate up to three directors to Dynegy’s board of directors based
on its percentage ownership interest in Dynegy; and

•

the requirement that Dynegy not pursue any of the following actions if all
directors nominated by the LS Control Group present at the relevant board meeting vote
against such action:

•

any amendment of Dynegy’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
or amended and restated bylaws;

•

any merger or consolidation of Dynegy and certain dispositions of Dynegy’s
assets or businesses, certain acquisitions, binding capital commitments,
guarantees and investments and certain joint ventures with an aggregate value
in excess of a specified amount;

•

Dynegy’s payment of dividends or similar distributions;

•

Dynegy’s engagement in new lines of business;

•

Dynegy’s liquidation or dissolution, or certain bankruptcy-related events
with respect to Dynegy;

•

Dynegy’s issuance of any equity securities, with certain exceptions for
issuances of Dynegy’s Class A common stock;

•

Dynegy’s incurrence of any indebtedness in excess of a specified amount;

•

the hiring, or termination of the employment of, Dynegy’s Chief Executive
Officer (other than Bruce A. Williamson);

•

our entry into any agreement or other action that limits the activities of
any holder of Dynegy’s Class B common stock or any of such holder’s affiliates;
and

•

our entry into other material transactions with a value in excess of a
specified amount.

The LS Control Group’s influence could result in us failing to take actions that Dynegy’s
other stockholders do support.

27

Table of Contents

Dynegy’s stockholders may be adversely affected by the expiration of the Lock-Up Period in the
Shareholder Agreement, which would enable the LS Control Group to transfer a significant percentage
of Dynegy’s common stock to a third party.

The acquisition and transfer provisions in the Shareholder Agreement, subject to specified
exceptions, restrict the LS Control Group from acquiring or transferring shares of Dynegy’s common
stock. Subject to specified exceptions, including the ability to transfer 21.25 million shares per
six-month period (not to exceed 42.5 million shares in any one year), the LS Control Group is
prohibited from acquiring or transferring shares of Dynegy’s common stock until the expiration of
the Lock-Up Period which is the earlier of:

•

April 2, 2009;

•

the date the stockholders party to the Shareholder Agreement cease to own at least
15 percent of the total combined voting power of Dynegy’s outstanding securities; or

•

if certain conditions are met, the date a third-party offer is made to acquire more
than 25 percent of Dynegy’s assets or voting securities.

Following expiration of the Lock-Up Period, the LS Control Group will be free to sell their
shares of Dynegy’s common stock, subject to certain exceptions, to any person on the open market,
in privately negotiated transactions or otherwise in accordance with law. If the LS Control Group
exercises this right, it could have a dilutive effect on the outstanding Class A common stock. In
addition, the market’s perception of how or when the LS Control Group might exercise its right
could create an “overhang” on our Class A common stock and impact its trading price for an extended
period of time.

We may pursue acquisitions or combinations that could fail or present unanticipated problems for
our business in the future, which would adversely affect our ability to realize the anticipated
benefits of those transactions.

We may seek to enter into transactions that may include acquiring or combining with other
businesses. We may not be able to identify suitable acquisition or combination opportunities or
finance and complete any particular acquisition or combination successfully. Furthermore,
acquisitions and combinations involve a number of risks and challenges, including:

•

diversion of our management’s attention;

•

the ability to obtain required regulatory and other approvals;

•

the need to integrate acquired or combined operations with our operations;

•

potential loss of key employees;

•

difficulty in evaluating the power assets, operating costs, infrastructure
requirements, environmental and other liabilities and other factors beyond our
control;

•

potential lack of operating experience in new geographic/power markets or with
different fuel sources;

•

an increase in our expenses and working capital requirements; and

•

the possibility that we may be required to issue a substantial amount of additional
equity or debt securities or assume additional debt in connection with any such
transactions.

Any of these factors could adversely affect our ability to achieve anticipated levels of cash
flows or realize synergies or other anticipated benefits from a strategic transaction.
Furthermore, the market for transactions is highly competitive, which may adversely affect our
ability to find transactions that fit our strategic objectives or increase the price we would be
required to pay (which could decrease the benefit of the transaction or hinder our desire or
ability to consummate the transaction). Consistent with industry practice, we routinely engage in
discussions with industry participants regarding potential transactions, large and small. We
intend to continue to engage in strategic discussions and will need to respond to potential
opportunities quickly and decisively. As a result, strategic transactions may occur at any time
and may be significant in size relative to our assets and operations.