Forward-Looking Statements 

This Form 10-K includes statements reflecting assumptions, expectations, projections, intentions or beliefs about future events that are intended as “forward-looking statements.” All statements included or incorporated by
reference in this annual report, other than statements of historical fact, that address activities, events or developments that we or our management expect, believe or anticipate will or may occur in the future are forward-looking statements. These
statements represent our reasonable judgment on the future based on various factors and using numerous assumptions and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause our actual results and financial position
to differ materially from those contemplated by the statements. You can identify these statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They use words such as “anticipate,” “estimate,”
“project,” “forecast,” “plan,” “may,” “will,” “should,” “expect” and other words of similar meaning. In particular, these include, but are not limited to, statements relating to
the following: 

•

projected operating or financial results, including anticipated cash flows from operations; 

•

expectations regarding capital expenditures, interest expense and other payments; 

•

beliefs about commodity pricing; 

•

strategies to capture opportunities presented by rising commodity prices and strategies to manage our risk exposure to energy price volatility while reducing our hedging;

•

plans to achieve fuel-related, general and administrative, and other targeted cost savings; 

•

beliefs and assumptions relating to our liquidity position, including our ability to satisfy or refinance our significant debt maturities and other obligations before or as they
come due; 

•

strategies to address our substantial leverage, to access the capital markets, or to obtain additional financing or more favorable financing terms; 

•

measures to compete effectively with industry participants; 

•

beliefs and assumptions about market competition, fuel supply, power demand, generation capacity and regional recovery of the wholesale power generation market;

•

coal and fuel oil inventories; 

•

beliefs about the outcome of legal and administrative proceedings, including the matters involving the western power and natural gas markets, master netting agreement matters, and
the investigations primarily relating to past trading practices; 

•

assumptions about prospective regulatory developments; 

•

expectations regarding environmental matters, including costs of compliance and availability and adequacy of emissions credits; 

•

application of the proceeds from the sale of DMSLP; 

•

positioning our generation business for future growth; and 

•

measures to complete our exit from the CRM business and the costs associated with this exit. 

Any or all of our forward-looking statements may turn out to be wrong. They can be affected by inaccurate assumptions or by known or unknown
risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, including those set forth below. 

23 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Factors That May Affect Future Results 

Risks Related to Our Business 

Future changes in commodity prices may materially adversely impact our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The
price we can obtain for the sale of power may not rise at the same rate, or may not rise at all, to match a rise in fuel costs. Our profitability depends in large part on the difference between the price of power and the price of fuel used to
generate power, or “spark spread”. Prices for both electricity and fuel have been very volatile in the past year and the prices for electricity, coal, natural gas and fuel oil are significantly higher than they were two years ago. Changes
in market prices for natural gas, coal and fuel oil may result from many factors, including the following: 

•

weather conditions, including deviations from average temperatures and major weather events, such as hurricanes; 

•

seasonality; 

•

demand for energy commodities and general economic conditions, including the demand for fuel; 

•

disruption of electricity, gas or coal transmission or transportation, storage, infrastructure or other constraints or inefficiencies; 

•

the addition of new generating capacity or the retirement of existing generating capacity, or the temporary unavailability of generating capacity for maintenance and other reasons;

•

availability of competitively priced alternative energy sources; 

•

availability and levels of storage and inventory for fuel stocks; 

•

natural gas, crude oil, refined products and coal production levels; 

•

the creditworthiness or bankruptcy or other financial distress of market participants; 

•

changes in market liquidity; 

•

natural disasters, wars, embargoes, acts of terrorism and other catastrophic events; and 

•

federal, state and foreign governmental regulation and legislation including regulatory-imposed price caps. 

Adverse changes in market prices for fuel, and a resulting negative impact on market prices
for power, could materially adversely impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Because our power generation facilities operate mostly without long-term power sales agreements and because wholesale power prices are subject to significant volatility, our revenues and profitability are
subject to significant fluctuations. 

Most of our
facilities operate as “merchant” facilities without long-term sales agreements. Without long-term power agreements, we cannot be sure that we will be able to sell any or all of the electric energy, capacity or ancillary services from our
facilities at commercially attractive rates or that our facilities will be able to operate profitably. This could lead to decreased financial results as well as future impairments of our property, plant and equipment or to the retirement of certain
of our facilities resulting in economic losses and liabilities. 

Because we largely sell electric energy, capacity and ancillary services into the wholesale energy spot market or into other power markets on a short-term basis, we are not guaranteed any rate of return on our capital investments. Rather,
our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are likely to depend, in large part, upon prevailing market prices for power and the fuel to generate such power. Wholesale power markets are subject to significant price fluctuations
over relatively short periods of time and can be unpredictable. 

24 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Given the volatility of power commodity prices, to the extent we do not secure long-term sales agreements
for the output of our power generation facilities, our revenues and profitability will be subject to increased volatility, and our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected. 

Because we generally do not hedge our long-term exposure to commodity price risks, we
are vulnerable to decreases in power prices and increases in the price of natural gas, coal and fuel oil. To the extent we do engage in hedging activities, our models representing the market may be inaccurate. 

We generally do not hedge our long-term exposure to commodity price risks.
To the extent we are unable to mitigate our exposure to a diminishing spark spread, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. In those instances where we do implement a hedging strategy, our
internal models may not accurately represent the markets in which we participate, potentially causing us to make less favorable decisions. 

Unauthorized hedging and related activities by our employees could result in significant losses. 

Although we are exiting the CRM business, and have adopted a strategy of
entering into only limited hedges of our generation output, we continue to enter into some primarily short-term hedging and other risk management transactions relating to our physical production. We have adopted various internal policies and
procedures designed to monitor these activities and positions to ensure that we maintain an overall position that is substantially balanced between our physical assets as compared to our purchase and sales commitments. These policies and procedures
are designed, in part, to prevent unauthorized purchases or sales of products by our employees. We cannot assure, however, that these steps will detect and prevent all violations of our risk management policies and procedures, particularly if
deception or other intentional misconduct is involved. 

We are exposed to
the risk of fuel and fuel transportation cost increases and interruptions in fuel supplies because some of our facilities do not have long-term coal, natural gas or liquid fuel supply agreements. 

Many of our power generation facilities purchase their fuel requirements
under short-term contracts or on the spot market. Although we attempt to purchase fuel based on our known fuel requirements, we still face the risks of supply interruptions and fuel price volatility as fuel deliveries may not exactly match that
required for energy sales, due in part to our need to pre-purchase fuel inventories for reliability and dispatch requirements. 

Operation of many of our coal-fired generation facilities is highly dependent on our ability to procure coal. Power generators in the Midwest and the
Northeast have experienced significant pressures on available coal supplies that are either transportation or supply related. While we believe our physical inventories and contractual commitments provide us with a stable coal supply, we are subject
to physical delivery risks outside of our control. If we are unable to procure fuel for physical delivery at prices we consider favorable, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.

Availability and cost of emission credits could materially impact our
costs of operations. 

In the ordinary course of
operating our power generating facilities, we maintain, either by allocation or purchase, sufficient emission credits to support our operations. We use these credits to comply with emission caps imposed by various environmental laws under which we
must operate. As individual credits are used, costs are recognized as operating expense. If we are unable to purchase sufficient emission credits to match our operational needs, we may have to curtail our operations such that we do not exceed our
permitted emission caps. If such credits are available for purchase, but only at significantly higher prices, the purchase of such credits could materially increase our costs of operations in the affected markets. 

Competition in wholesale power markets, together with an oversupply of power generation
capacity, may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We have numerous competitors and additional competitors may enter the industry. Our power generation business competes with other non-utility generators,
as well as regulated utilities, unregulated subsidiaries of 

25 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

regulated utilities and other energy service companies in the sale of energy, as well as in the procurement of fuel, transmission services and transportation
services. Aggregate demand for power may be met by generation capacity based on several competing technologies, such as gas-fired, coal-fired or nuclear generation, as well as power generating facilities fueled by alternative or renewable energy
sources, including hydroelectric power, synthetic fuels, solar, wind, wood, geothermal, waste heat and solid waste sources. Regulatory initiatives designed to enhance renewable generation could increase competition from these types of facilities.

Although demand for electric capacity and energy generally has
been increasing throughout the United States, a buildup of new electric generation facilities in recent years has resulted in an overabundance of power generation capacity in the regional markets we serve. 

We also compete against other energy merchants on the basis of our relative
operating skills, financial position and access to credit sources. Energy customers, wholesale energy suppliers and transporters often seek financial guarantees, credit support such as letters of credit, and other assurances that their energy
contracts will be satisfied. Companies with which we compete may have greater resources in these areas. In addition, many of our current facilities are relatively old. Newer vintage plants owned by competitors are often more efficient than some of
our plants, which may put some of our plants at a competitive disadvantage. Over time, some of our plants may become obsolete in their markets, or be unable to compete, because of the construction of new, more efficient plants. 

Other factors may contribute to increased competition in wholesale power
markets. New forms of capital and competitors have entered the industry in the last several years, including financial investors who perceive that asset values are at levels below their true replacement value. A number of generation facilities in
the United States are now in the hands of lenders and investment companies. Furthermore, there have been several important mergers and asset reallocations in the industry, which could create powerful new competitors. Under any scenario, we
anticipate that we will continue to face competition from numerous companies in the industry some of which have superior capital structures. Many companies in the regulated utility industry, with which the wholesale power industry is closely linked,
are also restructuring or reviewing their strategies. Several of those companies are discontinuing their unregulated activities, seeking to divest their unregulated subsidiaries or attempting to have their regulated subsidiaries acquire assets out
of their or other companies’ unregulated subsidiaries. This may lead to increased competition between the regulated utilities and the unregulated power producers within certain markets. The future of the wholesale power generation industry is
unpredictable, but may include restructuring and consolidation within the industry, the sale, bankruptcy or liquidation of certain competitors, the re-regulation of certain markets or a long-term reduction in new investment into the industry. To the
extent that competition increases, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially adversely affected. 

We anticipate that FERC will continue its efforts to facilitate the competitive energy marketplace throughout the country on several fronts but
particularly by encouraging utilities to voluntarily participate in RTOs and ISOs, while state regulators will pursue their own initiatives. FERC is also reviewing ways in which it can encourage investment in transmission facilities and reform the
rules and regulations governing access to the transmission grid, all of which could increase the number of competitors serving a given market. FERC’s regulation of wholesale markets including changes in the manner in which transmission rates
are calculated, also could affect our competitive posture. These regulatory initiatives may include significant revisions to existing regulation of the electric utility industry or selected products and services in some markets. Industry
deregulation and privatization may not only continue to facilitate the current trend toward consolidation in the utility industry but also may encourage disaggregation of other vertically integrated utilities into separate generation, transmission
and distribution businesses. As a result, our industry may be restructured with new kinds of specialized companies competing with us. We may not be able to respond in a timely or effective manner to the many changes in the power industry that may
occur as a result of regulatory initiatives to increase competition. We are not able to predict future changes in regulation or the effect of any such changes on the general electricity market or our financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows. 

26 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

If we fail to implement our business strategy, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could
be materially adversely affected. 

Our future
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows will depend in large part upon our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. Implementation of our business strategy could be affected by a number of factors beyond our
control, such as increased competition, legal and regulatory developments, general economic conditions and energy price volatility in either electricity or fuel markets. As a result, we cannot be sure that we will be able to successfully implement
our business strategy. In particular, we cannot be sure that we will be able to identify and pursue growth opportunities. Our ability to achieve our growth objectives and to effectively manage our growth will depend on a number of factors,
including: 

•

our liquidity, including any collateral posting requirements to which we are subject, and our ability to attract capital and financing on acceptable terms; 

•

our ability to identify and pursue appropriate opportunities for growth; and 

•

our ability to integrate any new businesses into our operations and take advantage of potential synergies. 

Any failure to successfully implement our business strategy could materially
adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We may, in addition, decide to alter or discontinue certain aspects of our business strategy from time to time due to our success or failure in the marketplace.

The regional concentration of our business in the Midwest may increase
the effects of adverse trends in that market. 

A
substantial portion of our business is located in the Midwest region of the United States. Changes in economic conditions in this market, including changing demographics, or oversupply of or reduced demand for power, could have a material adverse
effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. A substantial portion of our net income is derived from our Baldwin facility. Any disruption of production at that facility could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Under the terms of our current power purchase agreement with AmerenIP, which expires at the end of 2006, our Midwest coal plants are partially contracted to AmerenIP at a fixed price per megawatt hour. Beyond 2006, our results in the
Midwest will be exposed to volatility in market prices which could cause us to realize losses in a weak power price environment. For the year ended December 31, 2005, approximately 20% of our consolidated revenues were derived from transactions with
AmerenIP. 

We do not own, control or set the rates for the transmission
facilities we use to deliver energy, capacity and ancillary services to our customers. Transmission capacity may not be available to us, the total costs of transmission may exceed our projections or cause us to forego transactions, and changes in
the transmission grid could reduce our revenues. 

We
do not own or control the transmission facilities required to sell the wholesale power from our generation facilities. Furthermore, the rates for such transmission capacity are set by others and the market and thus are subject to changes, some of
which could be significant. Transmission may not be available to support our contracted and short-term transactions, or the costs of such transmission may reduce our profits or make certain transactions unprofitable. Furthermore, changes in the
transmission infrastructure within or connecting individual markets could reduce prices in those markets by increasing the amount of generating capacity competing to serve the same markets. 

Our results of operations fluctuate on a seasonal and quarterly basis due to weather
conditions. 

We have historically sold less power and
received lower prices for our products, and consequently earned less income, when weather conditions are milder. We expect that unusually mild weather in the future could 

27 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

diminish our results of operations and impair our financial condition. Weather conditions can affect both the prices we pay for fuel and the prices we
receive for capacity, energy and other services, potentially increasing the volatility of our results of operations. 

An event of loss and certain other events relating to our Dynegy Northeast Generation facilities could trigger a substantial obligation that would be difficult for
us to satisfy. 

We acquired the DNE power generating
facilities in January 2001 for $950 million. In May 2001, we entered into an asset-backed sale-leaseback transaction relating to these facilities to provide us with long-term acquisition financing. In this transaction, we sold for approximately $920
million four of six generating units comprising these facilities to Danskammer OL LLC and Roseton OL LLC, and we concurrently agreed to lease them back from these entities. We have no option to purchase the leased facilities at Roseton or Danskammer
at the end of their lease terms, which end in 2035 and 2031, respectively. If one or more of the leases were to be terminated prior to the end of its term because of an event of loss, because it becomes illegal for the applicable lessee to comply
with the lease, or because a change in law makes the facility economically or technologically obsolete, we would be required to make a termination payment in an amount sufficient to redeem the pass-through trust certificates related to the unit or
facility for which the lease is terminated. As of December 31, 2005, the termination payment would be approximately $1 billion for all of our DNE facilities. If a termination of this type were to occur with respect to all of the DNE facilities,
it could be difficult for us to raise sufficient funds to make this termination payment and therefore could have a material adverse effect on our financial conditions, results of operations and cash flows. 

Refurbishment and operation of power generation facilities involve significant risks
that cannot always be covered by insurance or contractual protections and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We are exposed to risks related to breakdown or failure of equipment and processes, shortages of equipment and supply of
material and labor, and operating performance below expected levels of output or efficiency. Older equipment, even if maintained in accordance with good engineering practices, may require significant capital expenditures to keep it operating at
optimum efficiency. This equipment is also likely to require periodic upgrading and improvement. Any unexpected failure, including failure associated with breakdowns, forced outages or any unanticipated capital expenditures could result in reduced
profitability. In addition, if we make any “major modifications” to our power generation facilities, as defined under the new source review provisions of the federal CAA, we may be required to install “best available control
technology” or to achieve the “lowest achievable emissions rate.” Any such modifications would likely result in substantial additional capital expenditures. 

In addition, at some point, older facilities may need to be retired or decommissioned. The costs of decommissioning can be
affected by future changes in law and regulations, as well as deviations from the expected physical state of such facilities. Therefore, we cannot be certain that we have adequately predicted, or reserved for, the full costs of any such retirements
or decommissionings. 

We cannot predict the level of capital
expenditures that will be required due to changes in applicable reliability requirements, deteriorating facility conditions and unexpected events (such as natural disasters or terrorist attacks). The unexpected requirement of large capital
expenditures could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Further, construction, expansion, modification and refurbishment of power generation facilities may interrupt production at our
facilities or result in unanticipated cost overruns and may be impacted by factors outside our control, including: 

•

supply interruptions; 

•

work stoppages; 

•

labor disputes; 

28 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

•

weather interferences; and 

•

unforeseen engineering, environmental and geological problems. 

Our operations are subject to hazards customary to the power generation industry. We may not have adequate insurance or adequate contractual indemnities to cover
all of these hazards. 

We are subject to all risks
inherent in the power generation industry. These risks include, but are not limited to equipment breakdowns or malfunctions, explosions, fires, terrorist attacks, product spillage, weather, nature, and inadequate maintenance of rights-of-way, which
could result in damage to or destruction of operating assets and other property, or could result in personal injury, loss of life or pollution of the environment, as well as curtailment or suspension of operations at the affected facility. We
maintain general public liability, property/boiler and machinery and business interruption insurance in amounts that we consider to be appropriate for such risks. Such insurance is subject to deductibles and caps that we consider reasonable and not
excessive given the current insurance market environment. Costs associated with these insurance coverages have increased significantly during recent periods and may continue to do so in the future. Occurrence of a significant event not fully insured
or otherwise indemnified against by a third party, or the failure of a party to meet its indemnification obligations, could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. While we currently maintain levels
and types of insurance that we believe to be prudent under current insurance industry market conditions, our potential inability to maintain or secure these levels and types of insurance in the future could have a material adverse effect on our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows if an uninsured loss were to occur. No assurance can be given that we will be able to secure or maintain these levels of insurance in the future at rates we consider commercially reasonable.

Our business is subject to complex government regulation. Changes in
these regulations or in their implementation may affect costs of operating our facilities or our ability to operate our facilities, which may negatively impact our results of operations. 

We are subject to extensive federal, state and local laws and regulations
governing generation and sale of energy commodities, as well as discharge of materials into the environment and otherwise relating to the environment, health and safety protection. Compliance with these laws and regulations requires general and
administrative expenses (including legal representation before agencies) and monitoring, capital and operating expenditures, including those related to pollution control equipment, emission fees, remediation obligations and permitting at various
operating facilities. Furthermore, these regulations are subject to change at any time, and we cannot predict what changes may occur in the future or how such changes might affect any facet of our business. 

FERC has issued a series of rules and proposed rules to implement provisions
of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 which affect electric and natural gas industries. These rules and proposed rules include changes in FERC’s review of mergers in the electricity sector, new provisions governing reliability in the electric
sector, increased civil and criminal penalties for violations of relevant statutes and regulations and new regulations defining prohibited behavior and practices. FERC is also reviewing ways in which it can encourage investment in the transmission
grid, changes in the rules governing access to that grid, and the operations of wholesale markets generally. These changes, combined with the repeal of the Public Utility Holding Company Act of 1935, will create further regulatory uncertainty.

Our costs for compliance with environmental laws are significant, and
costs for compliance with new environmental laws could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Our business is subject to extensive and frequently changing environmental regulation by federal, state and local authorities. Such environmental
regulation imposes, among other things, restrictions, liabilities and obligations in connection with the generation, handling, use, storage, transportation, treatment and disposal of hazardous substances and waste and in connection with spills,
releases and emissions of various substances into the environment. Existing environmental laws and regulations may be revised or reinterpreted, new laws and 

29 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

regulations may be adopted or become applicable to us or our facilities, and future changes in environmental laws and regulations could occur, including
potential regulatory and enforcement developments related to air emissions. Proposals currently under consideration, such as pending state and federal EPA regulatory proposals to regulate mercury emissions under Section 112 of the Clean Air Act
or bills pending in Congress which would limit emissions of carbon dioxide and other so-called “greenhouse gases,” could, if and when adopted or enacted, require us to make substantial new capital and operating expenditures. If any of
these events occur, our business, operations and financial condition could be materially adversely affected. 

Many environmental laws require approvals or permits from governmental authorities before construction or modification of a project may commence or before
wastes or other materials may be discharged into the environment. The process for obtaining necessary permits can be lengthy and complex and can sometimes result in the establishment of permit conditions that make the project or activity for which
the permit was sought either unprofitable or otherwise unattractive. Even where permits are not required, compliance with environmental laws and regulations can require significant capital and operating expenditures. We are required to comply with
numerous environmental laws and regulations, and to obtain numerous governmental permits when we are constructing, modifying and operating our facilities. Certain of our facilities, including our Baldwin facility, are also required to comply with
the terms of consent decrees or other governmental orders. A consent decree relating to violations of the Clear Air Act at our Baldwin facility was approved by the court on May 27, 2005. This consent decree requires us to install, among other
things, additional emission controls at our Baldwin, Vermilion and Havana plants. Thus, we expect to incur significant additional costs to comply with these requirements in the future. If we fail to comply with these requirements, we could be
subject to civil or criminal liability and fines or could be forced to curtail or cease operations. In addition, we may be required to incur costs to remediate contamination from past releases of hazardous substances or wastes into the environment
in connection with currently or previously owned or operated properties and any other properties at which we have generated, stored, disposed, treated or arranged for disposal of hazardous substances. Failure to comply with these statutes, rules and
regulations may result in the assessment of administrative, civil and even criminal penalties. Furthermore, the failure to obtain or renew an environmental permit could prevent operation of one or more of our facilities. Existing regulations may be
revised or reinterpreted and new laws and regulations may be adopted or become applicable to us or our facilities in a manner that may have a detrimental effect on our business. With the continuing trend toward stricter standards, greater regulation
and more extensive permitting requirements, we expect that our capital and operating environmental expenditures will continue to be substantial and may increase in the future. We may not be able to obtain or maintain from time to time all required
environmental regulatory permits or other approvals that we need to operate our business. If there is a delay in obtaining any required environmental regulatory approvals or permits or if we fail to obtain and comply with them, the operation of our
facilities may be interrupted or become subject to additional costs. 

The emission of certain substances is subject to licensing programs, which allow the trading of licenses under certain conditions. The costs of buying any necessary licenses could vary and have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Different regional
power markets in which we compete or may compete in the future have changing transmission regulatory structures, which could materially adversely affect our performance in these regions. 

Our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows are likely to
be affected by differences in market and transmission regulatory structures in various regional power markets. Problems or delays that may arise in the formation and operation of new or maturing RTOs and similar market structures, or changes in
geographic scope, rules or market operations of existing RTOs, may affect our ability to sell, the prices we receive, or the cost to transmit power produced by our generating facilities. Rules governing the various regional power markets may also
change from time to time which could affect our costs or revenues. Because it remains unclear which companies will be participating in the various regional power markets, or how RTOs will develop or what regions they will cover, we are unable to
assess fully the impact that these uncertainties may have on our business. 

30 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Acts of terrorism could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. 

Our generation facilities and the facilities
of third parties on which they rely may be targets of terrorist activities, as well as events occurring in response to or in connection with such activities, that could result in full or partial disruption of the ability to generate, transmit or
transport electricity or natural gas and/or cause environmental repercussions. Strategic targets, such as energy-related facilities, may be at greater risk of future terrorist activities than other domestic targets. Any such disruptions or
environmental repercussions, if not covered by insurance, could result in a significant decrease in revenues or significant reconstruction or remediation costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows. 

In the wake of the
September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the United States, the Coast Guard has developed a security guidance document for marine terminals and has issued a security circular that defines appropriate countermeasures for protecting them and
explains how the Coast Guard plans to verify that operators have taken appropriate action to implement satisfactory security procedures and plans. Using the guidelines provided by the Coast Guard, we have specifically identified our Havana,
Danskammer and Roseton facilities as marine terminals and therefore potential terrorist targets. In compliance with the Coast Guard guidance, we performed vulnerability analyses on such facilities. Future analyses of our security measures may result
in additional measures and procedures, which measures or procedures have the potential for increasing our costs of doing business. Regardless of the steps taken to increase security, however, we cannot be assured that these or other of our
facilities will not become the subject of a terrorist attack. 

Our
financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be adversely impacted by strikes or work stoppages by our unionized employees. 

As of December 31, 2005, approximately 63% of the employees at Dynegy-operated facilities were subject to collective bargaining agreements with
various unions that expire in 2007 and 2008. In the event that our union employees strike, participate in a work stoppage or slowdown or engage in other forms of labor strife or disruption, we would be responsible for procuring replacement labor or
we could experience reduced power generation or outages. Our ability to procure such labor is uncertain. Strikes and work stoppages or our inability to negotiate future collective bargaining agreements on favorable terms could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We reported a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting that, if not remedied, could adversely affect our internal controls. 

In connection with management’s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2005, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2005, we did not maintain effective internal control over our financial reporting due to a material weakness in our processes, procedures and controls related to the preparation,
analysis and recording of the income tax provision. Our management’s assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005 was audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, which expressed an
unqualified opinion on management’s assessment and an adverse opinion on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005. 

A material weakness is a control deficiency, or combination of control deficiencies, that results in more than a remote
likelihood that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements would not be prevented or detected. We previously reported in our 2004 Form 10-K that we did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of
December 31, 2004 due to the same material weakness discussed above. During 2005, actions were taken to remediate the material weakness reported in our 2004 Form 10-K. Despite these efforts, when making management’s assessment of the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2005, we determined that those controls were still not operating effectively. 

31 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

This control deficiency resulted in the restatement of our 2004 and 2003 annual consolidated financial
statements, as well as year-end audit adjustments to the 2005 income tax provision. Further, this control deficiency could have resulted in a misstatement of the income tax provision and related deferred tax accounts and disclosures that would
result in a material misstatement to the annual or interim consolidated financial statements that would not be prevented or detected. 

We have taken steps to remediate the material weakness, and plan to take additional steps during 2006. Although we believe we have addressed the material
weakness with the remedial measures we have implemented and plan to implement, the measures we have taken to date and any future measures may not remediate the material weakness reported and we may not be able to implement and maintain effective
internal control over financial reporting in the future. In addition, additional deficiencies in our internal controls may be discovered in the future. Any failure to remediate the reported material weakness or to implement new or improved controls,
or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results, cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations or result in material misstatements in our financial statements. Any such failure also could affect the ability
of our management to certify that our internal controls are effective when it provides an assessment of our internal control over financial reporting, and could affect the results of our independent registered public accounting firm’s
attestation report regarding our management’s assessment. Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our stock.

Risks Related to Investing in Our Common Stock 

We have significant debt that could negatively impact our business.

Dynegy has and will continue to have a significant
amount of debt outstanding. As of December 31, 2005, we had total consolidated debt (including lease obligations) of $5.2 billion, which consisted of the second priority senior secured notes and other debt, including other secured and unsecured
facilities and certain operating leases of our subsidiaries. Our significant level of debt could: 

•

make it difficult to satisfy our financial obligations, including debt service requirements; 

•

limit our ability to obtain additional financing to operate our business; 

•

limit our financial flexibility in planning for and reacting to business and industry changes; 

•

impact the evaluation of our creditworthiness by counterparties to commercial agreements and affect the level of collateral we are required to post under such agreements;

•

place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to less leveraged companies; 

•

increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions, including changes in interest rates and volatility in commodity prices; and 

•

require us to dedicate a substantial portion of our cash flows to payments on our debt, thereby reducing the availability of our cash flow for other purposes including our
operations, capital expenditures and future business opportunities. 

Although we believe that refinancing activity which we are currently considering for near term execution would reduce our total consolidated debt, we cannot assure you that any such reduction will occur. Even if such
refinancing activity is successful, we will remain highly leveraged. Furthermore, we may incur additional indebtedness in the future. If new debt is added to our current debt levels and those of our subsidiaries, the related risks that we and they
face could increase significantly. 

32 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

We expect that our non-investment grade status will continue to adversely affect our financial condition, results
of operations and cash flows. 

Our credit ratings are
currently below investment grade and could be downgraded further. Our current non-investment grade ratings increase our borrowing costs, both by increasing the actual interest rates we are required to pay under any existing indebtedness and any debt
in the capital markets that we are able to issue. Our credit ratings also require us to either prepay or post significant amounts of collateral in the form of cash and letters of credit to support our business. We cannot be sure that our credit
ratings will improve, or that they will not decline, in the future. 

Additionally, our non-investment grade status limits our ability to refinance our debt obligations and to access the capital markets. Should our ratings continue at their current levels, or should our ratings be further downgraded, we would
expect these negative effects to continue and, in the case of a downgrade, become more pronounced. 

The terms of our debt may severely limit our ability to plan for or respond to changes in our businesses. 

The terms of our Senior Secured Credit Facility and our Second Priority Senior Secured Floating Rate Notes Due 2008, 9.875% Second Priority Senior Secured
Notes Due 2010 and 10.125% Second Priority Senior Secured Notes Due 2013, or Secured Debt, restrict our ability to take specific actions in planning for and responding to changes in our business without the consent of the lenders, even if such
actions may be in our best interest. Our Secured Debt also require us to meet specific financial tests to issue debt and make restricted payments, among other things. Further, the senior debt associated with the Sithe Independence indenture
prohibits cash distributions by Independence to its affiliates, including Dynegy, unless certain project reserve accounts are funded to specified levels and the required debt service coverage ratio is met. Our ability to comply with the covenants in
our financing agreements, as they currently exist or as they may be amended, may be affected by many events beyond our control, and our future operating results may not allow us to comply with the covenants, or in the event of a default, to remedy
that default. Our failure to comply with those financial covenants or to comply with the other restrictions in our financing agreements could result in a default, requiring such financing agreements (and by reason of cross-default or
cross-acceleration provisions, our other indebtedness) to become immediately due and payable. If we are unable to repay those amounts or to otherwise cure the default, the holders of the indebtedness under our Secured Debt could proceed against the
collateral granted to them to secure that indebtedness. If those lenders accelerate the payment of such indebtedness, we cannot assure that we could pay or refinance that indebtedness immediately and continue to operate our business. 

Our access to the capital markets may be limited. 

We may require additional capital from outside sources from time to time.
The timing of any capital-raising transaction may be impacted by unforeseen events, such as strategic growth opportunities, legal judgments or regulatory requirements, which could require us to pursue additional capital in the near term. Our ability
to obtain capital and the costs of such capital are dependent on numerous factors, including: 

•

general economic and capital market conditions; 

•

covenants in our existing debt and credit agreements; 

•

credit availability from banks and other financial institutions; 

•

investor confidence in us and the regional wholesale power markets; 

•

our financial performance and the financial performance of our subsidiaries; 

•

our levels of indebtedness; 

•

our requirements for posting collateral under various commercial agreements; 

33 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

•

our maintenance of acceptable credit ratings; 

•

our cash flow;

•

provisions of tax and securities laws that may impact raising capital; and 

•

our long-term business prospects. 

We may not be successful in obtaining additional capital for these or other reasons. The failure to obtain additional capital from time to time may have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows, and on our ability to execute our business strategy. An inability to access capital may limit our ability to pursue improvements or acquisitions that we may
otherwise rely on for future growth. 

We may not have adequate liquidity
to post required amounts of additional collateral. 

We
use a significant portion of our capital resources, in the form of cash and letters of credit, to satisfy counterparty collateral demands. These counterparty collateral demands reflect our non-investment grade credit ratings and the
counterparties’ views of our creditworthiness, as well as changes in commodity prices. If commodity prices change substantially, our liquidity could be severely strained by requirements under our commodity agreements to post additional
collateral. In certain cases, our counterparties have elected to not require the posting of collateral to which they are otherwise entitled under certain agreements. However, those counterparties retain the right to request the posting of such
collateral. Factors that could trigger increased demands for collateral include additional adverse changes in our industry, negative regulatory or litigation developments, adverse events affecting us, changes in our credit rating or liquidity, and
changes in commodity prices for power and fuel. In addition, to the extent we do hedge against volatility in commodity prices, we may be exposed to additional collateral requirements without adequate liquidity to post required amounts of additional
collateral. An increase in demands from our counterparties to post letters of credit or cash collateral may have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The ultimate outcome of unresolved legal proceedings and investigations relating to our
past activities cannot be predicted. Any adverse determination could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We are, or have in recent years been, a party to various material litigation matters and regulatory matters arising out of
our business operations. These matters include, among other things, certain actions and investigations by the FERC and related regulatory bodies, litigation with respect to alleged actions in the western power and natural gas markets, a number of
securities class action lawsuits that were settled in 2005, purported class action suits with respect to alleged violations of the Employment Retirement Income Security Act and various other matters. The ultimate outcome of pending matters cannot
presently be determined, nor can the liability that could potentially result from a negative outcome in each case reasonably be estimated. Three significant matters are described below: 

DNE is involved in litigation or administrative proceedings regarding the State Pollutant Discharge Elimination System, or
SPDES, permits for two of our facilities, Roseton and Danskammer, in New York. In April 2005, the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation, or NYSDEC, issued to DNE a draft SPDES Permit for the Roseton plant. The draft SPDES Permit
contains provisions governing, among other things, the cooling water intake and the discharge of heated effluent water. In mid- 2005, three organizations filed petitions for party status seeking to impose a permit requirement that the Roseton plant
install a closed cycle cooling system. We believe that Petitioners’ claims are without merit; however, given the high cost of installing a closed cycle cooling system, an adverse result in this proceeding could have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

34 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Danskammer’s SPDES Permit was issued for a five-year term in 1987. Prior to expiration of the
permit, an application to renew the SPDES Permit was filed. In November 2002, several environmental groups filed suit in the Supreme Court of the State of New York seeking, among other things, a declaratory judgment that the Danskammer SPDES Permit
had expired because of alleged deficiencies in the renewal application process. In August 2004, the Court ruled that the SPDES Permit for our Danskammer facility was void, but stayed the enforcement of the decision pending further review by the
Court or by the Appellate Division. In October 2004, we filed our appeal of the Court’s decision with the Appellate Division and are currently challenging the Court’s ruling voiding our permit. Oral argument before the Appellate Division
occurred in September 2005, and a decision is expected in the first quarter 2006. If our appeal is ultimately unsuccessful, we may be required to suspend operations at our Danskammer facility until receipt of final approval of the renewal of our
Danskammer SPDES Permit. We cannot predict with any certainty the outcome of this proceeding; however, an adverse outcome, particularly a requirement that we suspend operations at our Danskammer facility for any period of time, could have a material
adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

We are a party to various suits that claim damages resulting from the alleged manipulation of gas index publications and prices by us and others. In each of these suits, the plaintiffs allege that we and other energy
companies engaged in an illegal scheme to inflate natural gas prices by providing false information to gas index publications. All of the complaints rely heavily on the FERC and CFTC investigations into and reports concerning index-reporting
manipulation in the energy industry. We cannot predict with certainty whether we will incur any liability in connection with these lawsuits; however, given the nature of the claims and the high costs of recent settlements of similar matters, an
unfavorable result in any of these pending matters could materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

Shortly before Enron’s bankruptcy filing in the fourth quarter of 2001, we determined that we had net exposure to Enron Corp. and its affiliates,
including certain liquidated damages and other amounts relating to the termination of commercial transactions among the parties, of approximately $84 million. This exposure was calculated by setting off approximately $230 million owed from Dynegy
entities to Enron entities against approximately $314 million owed from Enron entities to Dynegy entities. The master netting agreement between Enron and us and the valuation of the commercial transactions covered by the agreement, which valuation
is based principally on the parties’ assessment of market prices for such period, remain subject to dispute. In the event that Enron prevails in its position that the master netting agreement is unenforceable, our potential liability to Enron
could be approximately $216 million before interest, with as much as $220 million in unsecured Dynegy claims remaining to enforce against the bankruptcy estate. If the setoff rights are modified or disallowed, either by agreement or otherwise, the
amount available for our entities to set off against sums that might be due Enron entities could be reduced materially. In fact, we could be required to pay to Enron the full amount that it claims to be owed, while we would be an unsecured creditor
of Enron to the extent of our claims. Given the size of the claims at issue, an adverse result could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

The interests of Chevron may conflict with your interests. 

At December 31, 2005, Chevron owned approximately 35.4% of the voting
power of Dynegy (assuming conversion of all of the Class B common stock and Series C preferred stock beneficially owned by Chevron). By virtue of such stock ownership, Chevron has the power to influence our affairs and the outcome of matters
required to be submitted to stockholders for approval. Chevron, as a preferred stockholder, may have interests that differ from those of holders of common stock. 

35 

Table of Contents

Index to Financial Statements

Many of our senior officers have been promoted recently and have only worked together as a management team for a
short period of time. In addition, a number of our senior officers have limited experience in management positions. 

We have recently made several significant changes to our senior management team. In November 2005, we named a new Executive Vice President and Chief
Financial Officer, who had been serving as our Senior Vice President and Treasurer since May 2004 and previously as our Senior Vice President and Controller from June 2003 to May 2004. In addition, we named a new General Counsel and Executive Vice
President of Administration, who had been serving as our Senior Vice President of Human Resources since August 2004 and previously as our Group General Counsel-Corporate Finance & Securities from June 2003 to August 2004. We also named a
new Executive Vice President, Strategic Planning and Corporate Business Development, who had been serving as Senior Vice President of that same group since July 2003. As a result of these recent changes in senior management, many of our officers
have only worked together as a management team for a short period of time. The failure to successfully integrate the senior management team could have an adverse impact on our business operations. In addition, some of our officers and management
have had limited experience in management positions. Their inexperience could negatively impact our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.