Our business is subject to many
risks and uncertainties, which may affect our future financial performance. If any of the events or circumstances described below occurs, our business and financial performance could be harmed, our actual results could differ materially from our
expectations and the market value of our stock could decline. The risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only ones we face. There may be additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe
are material that may harm our business and financial performance. 

12 

Table of Contents

Our business is highly dependent on
the success and availability of video game hardware systems manufactured by third parties, as well as our ability to develop commercially successful products for these systems. 

We derive most of our revenue from the sale of products for play on video game hardware systems (which we also refer to as “platforms”) manufactured by third parties, such as Sony’s PlayStation 2,
PLAYSTATION 3, PlayStation Portable, Microsoft’s Xbox 360, Nintendo’s Wii and DS. The success of our business is driven in large part by the commercial success and adequate supply of these video game hardware systems, our ability to
accurately predict which systems will be successful in the marketplace, and our ability to develop commercially successful products for these systems. We must make product development decisions and commit significant resources well in advance of
anticipated product ship dates. A platform for which we are developing products may not succeed or may have a shorter life cycle than anticipated. If consumer demand for the systems for which we are developing products is lower than our
expectations, our revenue will suffer, we may be unable to fully recover the investments we have made in developing our products, and our financial performance will be harmed. Alternatively, a system for which we have not devoted significant
resources could be more successful than we had initially anticipated, causing us to miss out on meaningful revenue opportunities. 

If we do not
consistently meet our product development schedules, our operating results will be adversely affected. 

Our business is highly seasonal, with the
highest levels of consumer demand and a significant percentage of our sales occurring in the December quarter. In addition, we seek to release many of our products in conjunction with specific events, such as the release of a related movie or the
beginning of a sports season or major sporting event. If we miss these key selling periods for any reason, including product delays or delayed introduction of a new platform for which we have developed products, our sales will suffer
disproportionately. Likewise, if a key event to which our product release schedule is tied were to be delayed or cancelled, our sales would also suffer disproportionately. For example, we had initially planned to release an upcoming game, Harry
Potter and the Half-Blood Prince™, in November 2008 (during our fiscal year ending March 31, 2009). The game is now expected to be released in the summer of 2009 in conjunction with the release of the Warner Bros. Pictures’ film.
Our ability to meet product development schedules is affected by a number of factors, including the creative processes involved, the coordination of large and sometimes geographically dispersed development teams required by the increasing complexity
of our products and the platforms for which they are developed, and the need to fine-tune our products prior to their release. We have experienced development delays for our products in the past, which caused us to push back release dates. In the
future, any failure to meet anticipated production or release schedules would likely result in a delay of revenue and/or possibly a significant shortfall in our revenue, increase our development expense, harm our profitability, and cause our
operating results to be materially different than anticipated. 

Our business is intensely competitive and “hit” driven. If we do not deliver
“hit” products and services or if consumers prefer our competitors’ products or services over our own, our operating results could suffer. 

Competition in our industry is intense and we expect new competitors to continue to emerge in the United States and abroad. While many new products and services are regularly introduced, only a relatively small number of “hit”
titles accounts for a significant portion of total revenue in our industry. Hit products or services offered by our competitors may take a larger share of consumer spending than we anticipate, which could cause revenue generated from our products
and services to fall below expectations. If our competitors develop more successful products or services, offer competitive products or services at lower price points or based on payment models perceived as offering a better value proposition (such
as pay-for-play or subscription-based models), or if we do not continue to develop consistently high-quality and well-received products and services, our revenue, margins, and profitability will decline. 

13 

Table of Contents

If our marketing and advertising efforts
fail to resonate with our customers, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

Our products are marketed worldwide through a
diverse spectrum of advertising and promotional programs such as television and online advertising, printing advertising, retail merchandising, website development and event sponsorship. Our ability to sell our products and services is dependent in
part upon the success of these programs. If the marketing for our products and services fail to resonate with our customers, particularly during the critical holiday season or during other key selling periods, or if advertising rates or other media
placement costs increase, these factors could have a material adverse impact on our business and operating results. 

Uncertainty and adverse changes in
the economy could have a material adverse impact on our business and operating results. 

As a result of the national and global economic downturn,
overall consumer spending has declined and retailers globally have taken a more conservative stance in ordering game inventory. The decrease in discretionary consumer spending contributed to the decline in the anticipated demand for our products
during the 2008 holiday selling season. Continued economic distress, which may result in a further decrease in demand for our products, particularly during key product launch windows, could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and
financial condition. Uncertainty and adverse changes in the economy could also increase the risk of material losses on our investments, increase costs associated with developing and publishing our products, increase the cost and decrease the
availability of sources of financing, and increase our exposure to material losses from bad debts, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results. In addition, the decline in our market
capitalization and our expected financial performance indicated that a potential impairment of goodwill existed during the third quarter of fiscal year 2009. As a result, we performed goodwill impairment tests for our reporting units in accordance
with Statement of Financial Accounting Standard (“SFAS”) No. 142, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. As a result of the goodwill impairment analysis, we determined that our EA Mobile reporting unit’s goodwill was
impaired. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009, we recorded a goodwill impairment charge of $368 million related to our EA Mobile reporting unit. If we experience further deterioration in our market capitalization or our financial
performance, we could be required to recognize significant impairment charges in future periods. 

Our international net revenue is subject to currency
fluctuations. 

For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009, international net revenue comprised 43 percent of our total net revenue. We expect
foreign sales to continue to account for a significant portion of our total net revenue. Such sales may be subject to unexpected regulatory requirements, tariffs and other barriers. Additionally, foreign sales are primarily made in local currencies,
which may fluctuate against the U.S. dollar. In addition, our international investments and our cash and cash equivalents denominated in foreign currencies are subject to currency fluctuations. We use foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate
some foreign currency risk associated with foreign currency denominated assets and liabilities (primarily certain intercompany receivables and payables) to a limited extent and foreign currency option contracts to hedge foreign currency forecasted
transactions (primarily related to a portion of the revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currency generated by our operational subsidiaries). However, these activities are limited in the protection they provide us from foreign currency
fluctuations and can themselves result in losses. The disruption in the global financial markets has also impacted many of the financial institutions with which we do business. A sustained decline in the financial stability of financial institutions
as a result of the disruption in the financial markets could negatively impact our treasury operations, including our ability to secure credit-worthy counterparties for our foreign currency hedging programs. Accordingly, our results of operations,
including our reported net revenue, operating expenses and net income, and financial condition can be adversely affected by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations, especially the Euro, British pound sterling and Canadian dollar. 

14 

Table of Contents

Volatility in the capital markets
may adversely impact the value of our investments and could cause us to recognize significant impairment charges in our operating results. 

Our
portfolio of short-term investments and marketable equity securities is subject to volatility in the capital markets and to national and international economic conditions. In particular, our international investments can be subject to fluctuations
in foreign currency and our short-term investments are susceptible to changes in short-term interest rates. These investments are also impacted by declines in value attributable to the credit-worthiness of the issuer. From time to time, we may
liquidate some or all of our short-term investments to fund operational needs or other activities, such as capital expenditures, strategic investments or business acquisitions, or for other purposes. If we were to liquidate these short-term
investments at a time when they were worth less than what we had originally purchased them for, or if the obligor were unable to pay the full amount at maturity, we could incur a significant loss. Similarly, we hold marketable equity securities,
which have been and may continue to be adversely impacted by price and trading volume volatility in the public stock markets. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009, we recognized impairment charges of $30 million and $27 million on our
Neowiz and The9 common stock investments, respectively. As of May 14, 2009, the aggregate fair market value of our investment in The9 had declined by approximately $21 million since March 31, 2009. If we were to sell these marketable
equity securities for a loss, or if we were to determine that their value had become further impaired on an other-than-temporary basis, we could be required to recognize additional impairment charges, which could have an adverse effect on our
financial condition and results of operations. 

The majority of our sales are made to a relatively small number of key customers. If these customers
reduce their purchases of our products or become unable to pay for them, our business could be harmed. 

During the fiscal year ended March 31,
2009, approximately 68 percent of our United States sales were made to seven key customers. In Europe, our top ten customers accounted for approximately 44 percent of our sales in that territory during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009.
Worldwide, we had direct sales to two customers, GameStop Corp. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc., which each represented approximately 14 percent of total net revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2009. As a result of the economic downturn,
retailers globally have taken a more conservative stance in ordering game inventory. Though our products are available to consumers through a variety of retailers, the concentration of our sales in one, or a few, large customers could lead to a
short-term disruption in our sales if one or more of these customers significantly reduced their purchases or ceased to carry our products, and could make us more vulnerable to collection risk if one or more of these large customers became unable to
pay for our products or declared bankruptcy. Additionally, our receivables from these large customers increase significantly in the December quarter as they make purchases in anticipation of the holiday selling season. Also, having such a large
portion of our total net revenue concentrated in a few customers could reduce our negotiating leverage with these customers. If one or more of our key customers experience deterioration in their business, or become unable to obtain sufficient
financing to maintain their operations, our business could be harmed. 

Our industry is cyclical, driven by the periodic introduction of new video game
hardware systems. As we continue to move through the current cycle, our industry growth may slow down and as a result, our operating results may be difficult to predict. 

Video game hardware systems have historically had a life cycle of four to six years, which causes the video game software market to be cyclical as well. The current cycle began with Microsoft’s launch of the Xbox
360 in 2005, and continued in 2006 when Sony and Nintendo launched their next-generation systems, the PLAYSTATION 3 and the Wii, respectively. Sales of software designed for these hardware systems represent the majority of our revenue, so our growth
and success is highly correlated to sales of videogame hardware systems. While there are indications that this current cycle may be extended longer than prior cycles, in part, due to the growth of online services and content, and the greater graphic
and processing power of the current generation hardware, we expect growth in the installed base of the current generation of video game systems to slow as we enter the back half of this cycle. This slow-down in sales of video game players, which may
be exacerbated by the current economic environment, may cause a corresponding slow-down in the growth of sales of video game software, which could significantly affect our operating results. Consequently, the decline in prior-generation product
sales, particularly 

15 

Table of Contents

the PlayStation 2, may be greater or faster than we anticipate, and sales of products for the new platforms may be lower or increase more slowly than we
anticipate. Moreover, development costs for the current cycle of video game systems continue to be greater on a per-title basis than development costs for prior-generation video game systems. In addition, in light of the current economic environment
and where we stand in the current generation console cycle, our industry may experience slower growth than in recent years. As a result of these factors, during the next several quarters and years, we expect our operating results to be difficult to
predict. 

Technology changes rapidly in our business and if we fail to anticipate or successfully implement new technologies in our games, the quality,
timeliness and competitiveness of our products and services will suffer. 

Rapid technology changes in our industry require us to anticipate, sometimes
years in advance, which technologies we must implement and take advantage of in order to make our products and services competitive in the market. Therefore, we usually start our product development with a range of technical development goals that
we hope to be able to achieve. We may not be able to achieve these goals, or our competition may be able to achieve them more quickly and effectively than we can. In either case, our products and services may be technologically inferior to our
competitors’, less appealing to consumers, or both. If we cannot achieve our technology goals within the original development schedule of our products and services, then we may delay their release until these technology goals can be achieved,
which may delay or reduce revenue and increase our development expenses. Alternatively, we may increase the resources employed in research and development in an attempt to accelerate our development of new technologies, either to preserve our
product or service launch schedule or to keep up with our competition, which would increase our development expenses. 

The video game hardware
manufacturers are among our chief competitors and frequently control the manufacturing of and/or access to our video game products. If they do not approve our products, we will be unable to ship to our customers. 

Our agreements with hardware licensors (such as Sony for the PLAYSTATION 3, Microsoft for the Xbox 360, and Nintendo for the Wii) typically give significant control to
the licensor over the approval and manufacturing of our products, which could, in certain circumstances, leave us unable to get our products approved, manufactured and shipped to customers. These hardware licensors are also among our chief
competitors. Generally, control of the approval and manufacturing process by the hardware licensors increases both our manufacturing lead times and costs as compared to those we can achieve independently. While we believe that our relationships with
our hardware licensors are currently good, the potential for these licensors to delay or refuse to approve or manufacture our products exists. Such occurrences would harm our business and our financial performance. 

We also require compatibility code and the consent of Microsoft, Sony and Nintendo in order to include online capabilities in our products for their respective
platforms. As online capabilities for video game systems become more significant, Microsoft, Sony and Nintendo could restrict the manner in which we provide online capabilities for our products. If Microsoft, Sony or Nintendo refused to approve our
products with online capabilities or significantly impacted the financial terms on which these services are offered to our customers, our business could be harmed. 

The video game hardware manufacturers set the royalty rates and other fees that we must pay to publish games for their platforms, and therefore have significant influence on our costs. If one or more of these manufacturers change their
fee structure, our profitability will be materially impacted. 

In order to publish products for a video game system such as the Xbox 360, PLAYSTATION 3
or Wii, we must take a license from Microsoft, Sony and Nintendo, respectively, which gives these companies the opportunity to set the fee structure that we must pay in order to publish games for that platform. Similarly, these companies have
retained the flexibility to change their fee structures, or adopt different fee structures for online gameplay and other new features for their consoles. The control that hardware manufacturers have over the fee structures for their platforms and
online access could adversely impact our costs, profitability and margins. Because publishing products for video game systems is the largest portion of our business, any increase in fee structures would significantly harm our ability to generate
profits. 

16 

Table of Contents

If we are unable to maintain or
acquire licenses to include intellectual property owned by others in our games, or to maintain or acquire the rights to publish or distribute games developed by others, we will sell fewer hit titles and our revenue, profitability and cash flows will
decline. Competition for these licenses may make them more expensive and reduce our profitability. 

Many of our products are based on or incorporate
intellectual property owned by others. For example, our EA SPORTS products include rights licensed from major sports leagues and players’ associations. Similarly, many of our other hit franchises, such as The Godfather, Harry Potter and Lord of
the Rings, are based on key film and literary licenses. In addition, one of our most successful products in fiscal year 2009, Rock Band 2, was a game which we did not develop, but for which we had acquired distribution rights. Competition for
these licenses and rights is intense. If we are unable to maintain these licenses and rights or obtain additional licenses or rights with significant commercial value, our revenues, profitability and cash flows will decline significantly.
Competition for these licenses may also drive up the advances, guarantees and royalties that we must pay to licensors and developers, which could significantly increase our costs and reduce our profitability. 

Our business is subject to risks generally associated with the entertainment industry, any of which could significantly harm our operating results. 

Our business is subject to risks that are generally associated with the entertainment industry, many of which are beyond our control. These risks could negatively impact
our operating results and include: the popularity, price and timing of our games and the platforms on which they are played; economic conditions that adversely affect discretionary consumer spending; changes in consumer demographics; the
availability and popularity of other forms of entertainment; and critical reviews and public tastes and preferences, which may change rapidly and cannot necessarily be predicted. 

If we do not continue to attract and retain key personnel, we will be unable to effectively conduct our business. 

The market for technical, creative, marketing and other personnel essential to the development and marketing of our products and management of our businesses is extremely competitive. Our leading position within the interactive
entertainment industry makes us a prime target for recruiting of executives and key creative talent. If we cannot successfully recruit and retain the employees we need, or replace key employees following their departure, our ability to develop and
manage our business will be impaired. 

Acquisitions, investments and other strategic transactions could result in operating difficulties, dilution to
our investors and other negative consequences. 

We have engaged in, evaluated, and expect to continue to engage in and evaluate, a wide array of
potential strategic transactions, including (1) acquisitions of companies, businesses, intellectual properties, and other assets, (2) minority investments in strategic partners, and (3) investments in new interactive entertainment
businesses (for example, online and mobile games). Any of these strategic transactions could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. Although we regularly search for opportunities to engage in strategic transactions, we may
not be successful in identifying suitable opportunities. We may not be able to consummate potential acquisitions or investments or an acquisition or investment we do consummate may not enhance our business or may decrease rather than increase our
earnings. The process of acquiring and integrating a company or business, or successfully exploiting acquired intellectual property or other assets, could divert a significant amount of resources, as well as our management’s time and focus and
may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, particularly for a large acquisition. Additional risks and variations of the foregoing risks we face include: 

•

 The need to implement or remediate controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a public company in an acquired company that, prior to the acquisition,
lacked these controls, procedures and policies, 

•

 Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from an acquired company or business into our organization, 

17 

Table of Contents

•

 Retaining key employees and maintaining the key business and customer relationships of the businesses we acquire, 

•

 The need to integrate an acquired company’s accounting, management information, human resource and other administrative systems to permit effective
management and timely reporting, 

•

 The possibility that we will not discover important facts during due diligence that could have a material adverse impact on the value of the businesses we
acquire, 

•

 Potential impairment charges incurred to write down the carrying amount of intangible assets generated as a result of an acquisition, 

•

 Litigation or other claims in connection with, or inheritance of claims or litigation risks as a result of, an acquisition, including claims from terminated
employees, customers or other third parties, 

•

 Significant accounting charges resulting from the completion and integration of a sizeable acquisition and increased capital expenditures,

•

 Significant acquisition-related accounting adjustments, particularly relating to an acquired company’s deferred revenue, that may cause reported revenue and
profits of the combined company to be lower than the sum of their stand-alone revenue and profits, 

•

 The possibility that the combined company would not achieve the expected benefits, including any anticipated operating and product synergies, of the
acquisition as quickly as anticipated, 

•

 The possibility that the costs of, or operational difficulties arising from, an acquisition would be greater than anticipated, 

•

 To the extent that we engage in strategic transactions outside of the United States, we face additional risks, including risks related to integration of
operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries, and 

•

 The possibility that a change of control of a company we acquire triggers a termination of contractual or intellectual property rights important to the operation of
its business. 

Future acquisitions and investments could also involve the issuance of our equity and equity-linked securities
(potentially diluting our existing stockholders), the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, write-offs of goodwill, intangibles, or acquired in-process technology, or other increased cash and non-cash expenses, such as
stock-based compensation. Any of the foregoing factors could harm our financial condition or prevent us from achieving improvements in our financial condition and operating performance that could have otherwise been achieved by us on a stand-alone
basis. Our stockholders may not have the opportunity to review, vote on or evaluate future acquisitions or investments. 

We may be subject to claims of
infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, which could harm our business. 

From time to time, third parties may assert against us
alleged patent, copyright, trademark, personal publicity rights, or other intellectual property rights to technologies, products or delivery/payment methods that are important to our business. Although we believe that we make reasonable efforts to
ensure that our products do not violate the intellectual property rights of others, it is possible that third parties still may claim infringement. For example, we may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims from certain individuals
and companies who have acquired patent portfolios for the sole purpose of asserting such claims against other companies. In addition, many of our products are highly realistic and feature materials that are based on real world examples, which may be
the subject of intellectual property infringement claims of others. From time to time, we receive communications from third parties regarding such claims. Existing or future infringement claims against us, whether valid or not, may be time consuming
and expensive to defend. Such claims or litigations could require us to pay damages and other costs, stop selling the affected products, redesign those 

18 

Table of Contents

products to avoid infringement, or obtain a license, all of which could be costly and harm our business. In addition, many patents have been issued that may
apply to potential new modes of delivering, playing or monetizing game software products and services, such as those that we produce or would like to offer in the future. We may discover that future opportunities to provide new and innovative mode
of game play and game delivery to consumers may be precluded by existing patents that we are unable to license on reasonable terms. 

From time to time
we may become involved in other legal proceedings, which could adversely affect us. 

We are currently, and from time to time in the future may become,
subject to legal proceedings, claims, litigation and government investigations or inquiries, which could be expensive, lengthy, and disruptive to normal business operations. In addition, the outcome of any legal proceedings, claims, litigation,
investigations or inquiries may be difficult to predict and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. 

Our business is subject to increasing regulation and the adoption of proposed legislation we oppose could negatively impact our business. 

Legislation is continually being introduced in the United States at the local, state and federal levels for the establishment of government mandated rating requirements or restrictions on distribution of entertainment software based on
content. To date, most courts that have ruled on such legislation have ruled in a manner favorable to the interactive entertainment industry. Other countries have adopted or are considering laws regulating or mandating ratings requirements on
entertainment software content and certain foreign countries already allow government censorship of entertainment software products. Adoption of government ratings system or restrictions on distribution of entertainment software based on content
could harm our business by limiting the products we are able to offer to our customers and compliance with new and possibly inconsistent regulations for different territories could be costly or delay the release of our products. 

As we increase the online delivery of our products and services, we are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting
business on the Internet. In addition, laws and regulations relating to user privacy, data collection and retention, content, advertising and information security have been adopted or are being considered for adoption by many countries throughout
the world. The costs of compliance with these laws may increase in the future as a result of changes in interpretation. Furthermore, any failure on our part to comply with these laws or application of these laws in an unanticipated manner may harm
our business. 

Our products are subject to the threat of piracy and unauthorized copying. 

Entertainment software piracy is a persistent problem in our industry. The growth in peer-to-peer networks and other channels to download pirated copies of our products,
the increasing availability of broadband access to the internet and the proliferation of technology designed to circumvent the protection measures used with our products all have contributed to an expansion in piracy. Though we take technical steps
to make the unauthorized copying of our products more difficult, as do the manufacturers of consoles on which our games are played, these efforts may not be successful in controlling the piracy of our products. 

While legal protections exist to combat piracy, preventing and curbing infringement through enforcement of our intellectual property rights may be difficult, costly and
time consuming, particularly in countries where laws are less protective of intellectual property rights. Further, the scope of the legal protection of copyright and prohibitions against the circumvention of technological protection measures to
protect copyrighted works are often under scrutiny by courts and governing bodies. The repeal or weakening of laws intended to combat piracy, protect intellectual property and prohibit the circumvention of technological protection measures could
make it more difficult for us to adequately protect against piracy. These factors could have a negative effect on our growth and profitability in the future. 

19 

Table of Contents

If one or more of our titles were found
to contain hidden, objectionable content, our business could suffer. 

Throughout the history of our industry, many video games have been designed to
include certain hidden content and gameplay features that are accessible through the use of in-game cheat codes or other technological means that are intended to enhance the gameplay experience. However, in several recent cases, hidden content or
features have been found to be included in other publishers’ products by an employee who was not authorized to do so or by an outside developer without the knowledge of the publisher. From time to time, some hidden content and features have
contained profanity, graphic violence and sexually explicit or otherwise objectionable material. In a few cases, the Entertainment Software Ratings Board (“ESRB”) has reacted to discoveries of hidden content and features by reviewing the
rating that was originally assigned to the product, requiring the publisher to change the game packaging and/or fining the publisher. Retailers have on occasion reacted to the discovery of such hidden content by removing these games from their
shelves, refusing to sell them, and demanding that their publishers accept them as product returns. Likewise, consumers have reacted to the revelation of hidden content by refusing to purchase such games, demanding refunds for games they have
already purchased, and refraining from buying other games published by the company whose game contained the objectionable material. 

We have implemented
preventative measures designed to reduce the possibility of hidden, objectionable content from appearing in the video games we publish. Nonetheless, these preventative measures are subject to human error, circumvention, overriding, and reasonable
resource constraints. In addition, to the extent we acquire a company without similar controls in place, the possibility of hidden, objectionable content appearing in video games developed by that company but for which we are ultimately responsible
could increase. If a video game we published were found to contain hidden, objectionable content, the ESRB could demand that we recall a game and change its packaging to reflect a revised rating, retailers could refuse to sell it and demand we
accept the return of any unsold copies or returns from customers, and consumers could refuse to buy it or demand that we refund their money. This could have a material negative impact on our operating results and financial condition. In addition,
our reputation could be harmed, which could impact sales of other video games we sell. If any of these consequences were to occur, our business and financial performance could be significantly harmed. 

If we ship defective products, our operating results could suffer. 

Products such as ours are extremely complex software programs, and are difficult to develop, manufacture and distribute. We have quality controls in place to detect defects in the software, media and packaging of our products before they
are released. Nonetheless, these quality controls are subject to human error, overriding, and reasonable resource constraints. Therefore, these quality controls and preventative measures may not be effective in detecting defects in our products
before they have been reproduced and released into the marketplace. In such an event, we could be required to recall a product, or we may find it necessary to voluntarily recall a product, and/or scrap defective inventory, which could significantly
harm our business and operating results. 

Changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities could adversely affect our earnings and
financial condition. 

We are subject to income taxes in the United States and in various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in
determining our worldwide provision for income taxes, and, in the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. 

We are also required to estimate what our tax obligations will be in the future. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the estimation process and
applicable laws are inherently uncertain, and our estimates are not binding on tax authorities. The tax laws’ treatment of software and internet-based transactions is particularly uncertain and in some cases currently applicable tax laws are
ill-suited to address these kinds of transactions. Apart from an adverse resolution of these uncertainties, our effective tax rate also could be adversely affected by our profit level, by changes in our business or changes in our structure resulting
from the reorganization of our business and operating structure, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the elections we make, changes in applicable tax laws (in the United States or foreign
jurisdictions), or changes in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, as well as other factors. In 

20 

Table of Contents

fiscal year 2009, we recorded a valuation allowance against most of our U.S. deferred tax assets, consisting of $232 million related to deferred tax assets
that existed as of our fiscal year ended March 31, 2008, plus an additional $134 million against deferred tax assets recorded during fiscal year 2009. In addition, we expect to provide a valuation allowance on future U.S. tax benefits until we
can sustain a level of profitability or until other significant positive evidence arises that suggests that these benefits are more likely than not to be realized. Further, our tax determinations are regularly subject to audit by tax authorities and
developments in those audits could adversely affect our income tax provision. Should our ultimate tax liability exceed our estimates, our income tax provision and net income or loss could be materially affected. 

We incur certain tax expenses that do not decline proportionately with declines in our consolidated pre-tax income or loss. As a result, in absolute dollar terms, our
tax expense will have a greater influence on our effective tax rate at lower levels of pre-tax income or loss than at higher levels. In addition, at lower levels of pre-tax income or loss, our effective tax rate will be more volatile. 

We are also required to pay taxes other than income taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property and goods and services taxes, in both the United
States and foreign jurisdictions. We are regularly under examination by tax authorities with respect to these non-income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations, changes in our business or changes in applicable tax
rules will not have an adverse effect on our earnings and financial condition. 

Furthermore, as we expand our international operations, adopt new products
and new distribution models, implement changes to our operating structure or undertake intercompany transactions in light of changing tax laws, expiring rulings, acquisitions and our current and anticipated business and operational requirements, our
tax expense could increase. 

Our reported financial results could be adversely affected by changes in financial accounting standards or by the
application of existing or future accounting standards to our business as it evolves. 

Our reported financial results are impacted by the accounting
policies promulgated by the SEC and national accounting standards bodies and the methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies. Due to recent economic events, the frequency of accounting policy changes may
accelerate. Policies affecting software revenue recognition have and could further significantly affect the way we account for revenue related to our products and services. Through fiscal year 2007, for accounting purposes, vendor-specific objective
evidence of fair value (“VSOE”) existed for the online service related to our online-enabled packaged software products. Accordingly, we allocated the revenue collected from the sale of the software product between the online service
offered and the software product and recognized the amounts allocated to each element separately. However, starting in fiscal year 2008, VSOE did not exist for the online service and we began to recognize all of the revenue from bundle sales on a
deferred basis over an estimated online service period, which we estimate to be six months beginning in the month after shipment. We expect that a more significant portion of our games will be online-enabled in the future and we could be required to
recognize the related revenue over an extended period of time rather than at the time of sale. In addition, FASB Interpretation No. 48 has affected the way we account for income taxes and has had a material impact on our financial results and
our adoption of SFAS No. 141(Revised 2007) (“SFAS No. 141(R)”), Business Combinations, will have a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements for material acquisitions consummated after March 28, 2009.
Similarly, changes in accounting standards relating to stock-based compensation require us to recognize significantly greater expense than we had been recognizing prior to the adoption of the new standard. As we enhance, expand and diversify our
business and product offerings, the application of existing or future financial accounting standards, particularly those relating to the way we account for revenue and taxes, could have a significant adverse effect on our reported results although
not necessarily on our cash flows. 

We rely on business partners in many areas of our business and our business may be harmed if they are unable to
honor their obligations to us. 

We rely on various business partners, including third-party service providers, vendors, licensing partners, development
partners, and licensees, among others, in many areas of our business. In many cases, these third 

21 

Table of Contents

parties are given access to sensitive and proprietary information in order to provide services and support to our teams. These third parties may
misappropriate our information and engage in unauthorized use of it. The failure of these third parties to provide adequate services and technologies, or the failure of the third parties to adequately maintain or update their services and
technologies, could result in a disruption to our business operations. Further, the disruption in the financial markets and the global economic downturn may adversely affect our business partners and they may not be able to continue honoring their
obligations to us. Some of our business partners are highly-leveraged or small businesses that may be particularly vulnerable in the current economic environment. Alternative arrangements and services may not be available to us on commercially
reasonable terms or we may experience business interruptions upon a transition to an alternative partner or vendor. If we lose one or more significant business partners, our business could be harmed. 

Our stock price has been volatile and may continue to fluctuate significantly. 

The market price of our common stock historically has been, and we expect will continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations. These fluctuations may be due to factors specific to us (including those discussed in
the risk factors above, as well as others not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material), to changes in securities analysts’ earnings estimates or ratings, to our results or future financial guidance falling below
our expectations and analysts’ and investors’ expectations, to factors affecting the entertainment, computer, software, Internet, media or electronics industries, to our ability to successfully integrate any acquisitions we may make, or to
national or international economic conditions. In particular, economic downturns may contribute to the public stock markets experiencing extreme price and trading volume volatility. These broad market fluctuations have and could continue to
adversely affect the market price of our common stock.