Our
business is subject to many risks and uncertainties, which may affect our future financial performance. If any of the events or circumstances described below occurs, our business and financial performance could be harmed, our actual results could
differ materially from our expectations and the market value of our stock could decline. The risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only ones we face. There may be additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we
currently do not believe are material that may harm our business and financial performance. 

Our business is intensely competitive and
“hit” driven. If we do not deliver “hit” products and services, or if consumers prefer our competitors’ products or services over our own, our operating results could suffer. 

Competition in our industry is intense and we expect new competitors to continue to emerge throughout the world. Our competitors range from large
established companies to emerging start-ups. In our industry, though many new products and services are regularly introduced, only a relatively small number of “hit” titles accounts for a significant portion of total revenue for the
industry. We have significantly reduced the number of games that we develop, publish and distribute: in fiscal year 2011, we published 36 primary packaged goods titles, and in fiscal year 2012, we published 22 primary packaged goods titles,
including our MMO role-playing game Star Wars: The Old Republic. In fiscal year 2013, we expect to release 14 primary packaged goods titles and plan to build additional online features, content and services around each of these titles.
Publishing fewer titles means that we concentrate more of our development spending on each title, and driving “hit” titles often requires large marketing budgets and media spend. The underperformance of a title may have a large adverse
impact on our financial results. Also, hit products or services offered by our competitors may take a larger share of consumer spending than we anticipate, which could cause revenue generated from our products and services to fall below
expectations. 

In addition, both the online and mobile games marketplaces are characterized by frequent product introductions, relatively low
barriers to entry, and new and evolving business methods, technologies and platforms for development. We expect competition in these markets to intensify. If our competitors develop and market more successful products or services, offer competitive
products or services at lower price points or based on payment models perceived as offering a better value proposition (such as free-to-play or subscription-based models), or if we do not continue to develop consistently high-quality and
well-received products and services, our revenue, margins, and profitability will decline. 

Our operating results will be adversely
affected if we do not consistently meet our product development schedules or if key events or sports seasons that we tie our product release schedules to are delayed or cancelled. 

Our business is highly seasonal, with the highest levels of consumer demand and a significant percentage of our sales occurring in the December quarter. If we miss these key selling periods for any
reason, including product delays, product cancellations, or delayed introduction of a new platform for which we have developed products, our sales will suffer disproportionately. Our ability to meet product development schedules is affected by a
number of factors, including the creative processes involved, the coordination of large and sometimes geographically dispersed development teams required by the increasing complexity of our products and the platforms for which they are developed,
and the need to fine-tune our products prior to their release. We have experienced development delays for our products in the past, which caused us to push back or cancel release dates. We also seek to release certain products in conjunction with
specific events, such as the beginning of a sports season or major sporting event, or the release of a related movie. If a key event or sports season to which our product release schedule is tied were to be delayed or cancelled, our sales would also
suffer disproportionately. In the future, any failure to meet anticipated production or release schedules would likely result in a delay of revenue and/or possibly a significant shortfall in our revenue, increase our development expense, harm our
profitability, and cause our operating results to be materially different than anticipated. 

13 

Table of Contents

Our adoption of new business models could fail to produce our desired financial returns. 

We are actively seeking to monetize game properties through a variety of new platforms and business models, including online distribution of full games
and additional content, free-to-play games supported by advertising and/or micro-transactions on social networking services and subscription services such as our MMO role-playing game Star Wars: The Old Republic. Forecasting our revenues and
profitability for these new business models is inherently uncertain and volatile. Our actual revenues and profits for these businesses may be significantly greater or less than our forecasts. Additionally, these new business models could fail for
one or more of our titles, resulting in the loss of our investment in the development and infrastructure needed to support these new business models, and the opportunity cost of diverting management and financial resources away from more successful
businesses. 

Technology changes rapidly in our business and if we fail to anticipate or successfully develop games for new platforms and
services, adopt new distribution technologies or methods, or implement new technologies in our games, the quality, timeliness and competitiveness of our products and services will suffer. 

Rapid technology changes in our industry require us to anticipate, sometimes years in advance, which technologies we must implement and take advantage of in order to make our products and services
competitive in the market. We have invested, and in the future may invest, in new business strategies, technologies, products, and services. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, and no assurance can be given that the
technology we choose to adopt and the platforms, products and services that we pursue will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 

Our product development usually starts with particular platforms and distribution methods in mind, and a range of technical development goals that we
hope to be able to achieve. We may not be able to achieve these goals, or our competition may be able to achieve them more quickly and effectively than we can. In either case, our products and services may be technologically inferior to our
competitors’, less appealing to consumers, or both. If we cannot achieve our technology goals within the original development schedule of our products and services, then we may delay their release until these technology goals can be achieved,
which may delay or reduce revenue and increase our development expenses. Alternatively, we may increase the resources employed in research and development in an attempt to accelerate our development of new technologies, either to preserve our
product or service launch schedule or to keep up with our competition, which would increase our development expenses. We may also miss opportunities to adopt technology, or develop products and services for new platforms or services that become
popular with consumers, which could adversely affect our revenues. It may take significant time and resources to shift our focus to such technologies or platforms, putting us at a competitive disadvantage. 

If we release defective products or services, our operating results could suffer. 

Products and services such as ours are extremely complex software programs, and are difficult to develop and distribute. We have quality controls in place to detect defects in our products and services
before they are released. Nonetheless, these quality controls are subject to human error, overriding, and reasonable resource constraints. Therefore, these quality controls and preventative measures may not be effective in detecting defects in our
products and services before they have been released into the marketplace. In such an event, we could be required to or may find it necessary to voluntarily recall a product or suspend the availability of the product or service, which could
significantly harm our business and operating results. 

We may experience outages and disruptions of our online services if we fail to
maintain adequate operational services, security and supporting infrastructure.

As we increase our online products and services, most
recently with the launch of our online commerce and content delivery system Origin, and the launch of Star Wars: The Old Republic, we expect to continue to invest in technology services, hardware and software - including data centers, network
services, storage and database technologies - to support existing services and to introduce new products and services including websites, 

14 

Table of Contents

ecommerce capabilities, online game communities and online game play services. Launching high profile games and services, and creating the appropriate support for online business initiatives is
expensive and complex, and our execution could result in inefficiencies or operational failures, and increased vulnerability to cyber attacks, which, in turn, could diminish the quality of our products, services, and user experience. Cyber attacks
could include denial-of-service attacks impacting service availability and reliability; the exploitation of software vulnerabilities in Internet facing applications; social engineering of system administrators (tricking company employees into
releasing control of their systems to a hacker); the introduction of malware into our systems with a view to steal confidential or proprietary data; or attempts to hijack consumer account information. Cyber attacks of increasing sophistication may
be difficult to detect and could result in the theft of our intellectual property and consumer data, including personally identifiable information. Operational failures or successful cyber attacks could result in damage to our reputation and loss of
current and potential users, subscribers, advertisers, and other business partners which could harm our business. In addition, we could be adversely impacted by outages and disruptions in the online platforms of our key business partners, who offer
our products and services. 

Our business could be adversely affected if our consumer protection and data privacy practices are not seen as
adequate or there are breaches of our security measures or unintended disclosures of our consumer data. 

There are several inherent risks
to engaging in business online and directly with end consumers of our products and services. As we conduct more transactions online directly with consumers, we may be the victim of fraudulent transactions, including credit card fraud, which presents
a risk to our revenues and potentially disrupts service to our consumers. In addition, we are collecting and storing more consumer information, including personal information and credit card information. We take measures to protect our consumer data
from unauthorized access or disclosure. It is possible that our security controls over consumer data may not prevent the improper access or disclosure of personally identifiable information. A security breach that leads to disclosure of consumer
account information (including personally identifiable information) could harm our reputation, compel us to comply with disparate breach notification laws in various jurisdictions and otherwise subject us to liability under laws that protect
personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. A resulting perception that our products or services do not adequately protect the privacy of personal information could result in a loss of current or potential consumers and business
partners for our online offerings that require the collection of consumer data. Our key business partners also face these same risks and any security breaches of their system could adversely impact our ability to offer our products and services
through their platforms, resulting in a loss of meaningful revenues. In addition, the rate of privacy law-making is accelerating globally and interpretation and application of consumer protection and data privacy laws in the United States, Europe
and elsewhere are often uncertain, contradictory and in flux. As business practices are being challenged by regulators, private litigants, and consumer protection agencies around the world, it is possible that these laws may be interpreted and
applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data and/or consumer protection practices. If so, this could result in increased litigation, government or court imposed fines, judgments or orders requiring that we change our practices, which could
have an adverse effect on our business and reputation. Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 

Our business is subject to increasing regulation and the adoption of proposed legislation we oppose could negatively impact our business.

Legislation is continually being introduced in the United States and other countries to mandate rating requirements or set other
restrictions on the advertisement or distribution of entertainment software based on content. In the United States, most courts, including the United States Supreme Court, that have ruled on such legislation have ruled in a manner favorable to the
interactive entertainment industry. Some foreign countries have adopted ratings regulations and certain countries allow government censorship of entertainment software products. Adoption of government ratings system or restrictions on distribution
of entertainment software based on content could harm our business by limiting the products we are able to offer to our customers and compliance with new and possibly inconsistent regulations for different territories could be costly or delay the
release of our products. 

15 

Table of Contents

As we increase the online delivery of our products and services, we are subject to a number of foreign and
domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet. In addition, laws and regulations relating to user privacy, data collection and retention, content, advertising and information security have been adopted or
are being considered for adoption by many countries throughout the world. The costs of compliance with these laws may increase in the future as a result of changes in interpretation. Furthermore, any failure on our part to comply with these laws or
the application of these laws in an unanticipated manner may harm our business. 

If we do not continue to attract and retain key personnel,
we will be unable to effectively conduct our business. 

The market for technical, creative, marketing and other personnel essential to the
development and marketing of our products and management of our businesses is extremely competitive. Our leading position within the interactive entertainment industry makes us a prime target for recruiting of executives and key creative talent. If
we cannot successfully recruit and retain the employees we need, or replace key employees following their departure, our ability to develop and manage our business will be impaired. 

If our marketing and advertising efforts fail to resonate with our customers, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

Our products are marketed worldwide through a diverse spectrum of advertising and promotional programs such as television and online advertising, print
advertising, retail merchandising, website development and event sponsorship. Our ability to sell our products and services is dependent in part upon the success of these programs. If the marketing for our products and services fail to resonate with
our customers, particularly during the critical holiday season or during other key selling periods, or if advertising rates or other media placement costs increase, these factors could have a material adverse impact on our business and operating
results. 

The majority of our sales are made to a relatively small number of key customers. If these customers reduce their purchases of
our products or become unable to pay for them, our business could be harmed. 

During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012,
approximately 60 percent of our North America sales were made to our top ten customers. In Europe, our top ten customers accounted for approximately 40 percent of our sales in that territory during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012.
Worldwide, we had direct sales to one customer, GameStop Corp., which represented approximately 15 percent of total net revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012. Though our products are available to consumers through a variety of
retailers and directly through us, the concentration of our sales in one, or a few, large customers could lead to a short-term disruption in our sales if one or more of these customers significantly reduced their purchases or ceased to carry our
products, and could make us more vulnerable to collection risk if one or more of these large customers became unable to pay for our products or declared bankruptcy. Additionally, our receivables from these large customers increase significantly in
the December quarter as they make purchases in anticipation of the holiday selling season. Also, having such a large portion of our total net revenue concentrated in a few customers could reduce our negotiating leverage with these customers. If one
or more of our key customers experience deterioration in their business, or become unable to obtain sufficient financing to maintain their operations, our business could be harmed. 

Our business is dependent on the success and availability of video game hardware systems manufactured by third parties, as well as our ability to develop commercially successful products and services
for these systems. 

Our products and services are played on video game hardware systems (which we also refer to as “platforms”)
manufactured by third parties, such as Sony’s PLAYSTATION 3, Microsoft’s Xbox 360 and Nintendo’s Wii. The success of our business is driven in part by the commercial success and adequate supply of these video game hardware systems,
our ability to accurately predict which systems will be successful in the marketplace, and our ability to develop commercially successful products and services for these systems. We must make product

16 

Table of Contents

development decisions and commit significant resources well in advance of anticipated product ship dates. A platform for which we are developing products and services may not succeed or may have
a shorter life cycle than anticipated. If consumer demand for the systems for which we are developing products and services is lower than our expectations, our revenue will suffer, we may be unable to fully recover the investments we have made in
developing our products and services, and our financial performance will be harmed. Alternatively, a system for which we have not devoted significant resources could be more successful than we had initially anticipated, causing us to miss out on
meaningful revenue opportunities. 

Our industry is cyclical, driven by the periodic introduction of new video game hardware systems. As we
transition to new console platforms, our operating results may be more volatile. 

Video game hardware systems have historically had a life
cycle of four to six years, which causes the video game software market to be cyclical as well. The current cycle began with Microsoft’s launch of the Xbox 360 in 2005, and continued in 2006 when Sony and Nintendo launched the PLAYSTATION 3 and
the Wii, respectively. We have seen a decline in the market for video game systems overall driven by reduced demand for standard definition systems. This decline in sales of video game systems has caused a corresponding decline in the sales of
packaged goods video game software. 

We anticipate the transition to new console platforms in the next few years. During this transition, we
will incur costs to develop and market products and services for current-generation video game platforms, as well as developing products and services for next-generation platforms. For fiscal year 2013, we plan to invest $80 million toward
next-generation platforms. The hardware manufacturers are not required to enter into agreements with us for next-generation video game platforms and may choose to impose more restrictive terms or adopt very different business models and fee
structures for the next-generation platforms. As a result, our operating results during this transitional period may be more volatile and difficult to predict. 

The video game hardware manufacturers are among our chief competitors and frequently control the manufacturing of and/or access to our video game products and services. If they do not approve our
products and services, we will not be able to make the products and services available to our customers. 

Our agreements with hardware
licensors (such as Sony for the PLAYSTATION 3, Microsoft for the Xbox 360, and Nintendo for the Wii) typically give significant control to the hardware licensor over the approval, manufacturing and distribution of our products and services, which
could, in certain circumstances, leave us unable to get our products and services approved, manufactured and provided to customers. For our digital products and services delivered direct to the consumers via Sony’s PlayStation Network and
Microsoft’s Xbox LIVE Marketplace, the hardware licensor controls the distribution of these titles. These hardware licensors are also among our chief competitors. Generally, control of the approval and manufacturing process by the hardware
licensors increases both our manufacturing lead times and costs as compared to those we can achieve independently. While we believe that our relationships with our hardware licensors are currently good, the potential for these licensors to delay or
refuse to approve our products and services exists. Such occurrences would harm our business and our financial performance. 

We also require
technical and operational support and the consent of Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo in order to include online capabilities in our products and services for their respective platforms and to digitally distribute our products and services through their
proprietary networks. As online capabilities for video game systems become more significant, Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo could restrict the manner in which we provide online capabilities for our products and services and demand more restrictive
terms for the next-generation console platforms. They may also restrict the number of products and services that we may distribute digitally on their networks. If Sony, Microsoft or Nintendo refuse to approve our products and services with online
capabilities, restrict our digital offerings on their proprietary networks, or significantly impact the financial terms on which these services are offered to our customers, our business could be harmed. 

17 

Table of Contents

The video game hardware manufacturers set the royalty rates and other fees that we must pay to provide
games for their platforms, and therefore have significant influence on our costs. If one or more of these manufacturers change their fee structure, our profitability will be materially impacted. 

In order to provide products and service for a video game system such as the Xbox 360, PLAYSTATION 3 or Wii, we must take a license from Microsoft, Sony
and Nintendo, respectively, which give these companies the opportunity to set the fee structure that we must pay in order to provide games for that platform. Similarly, these companies have retained the flexibility to change their fee structures, or
adopt different fee structures for online purchases of games, online gameplay and other new features for their consoles. The control that hardware manufacturers have over the fee structures for their platforms and online access could adversely
impact our costs, profitability and margins. Because providing products for video game systems is the largest portion of our business, any increase in fee structures would significantly harm our ability to generate profits. 

Acquisitions, investments and other strategic transactions could result in operating difficulties, dilution to our investors and other negative
consequences. 

We expect to continue making acquisitions or entering into other strategic transactions including (1) acquisitions of
companies, businesses, intellectual properties, and other assets, (2) minority investments in strategic partners, and (3) investments in new interactive entertainment businesses (e.g., online and mobile publishing platforms) as part
of our long-term business strategy. These transactions involve significant challenges and risks including that the transaction does not advance our business strategy, that we do not realize a satisfactory return on our investment, that we acquire
unknown liabilities, or that we experience difficulty in the integration of business systems and technologies, the integration and retention of new employees, or in the maintenance of key business and customer relationships of the businesses we
acquire, or diversion of management’s attention from our other businesses. These events could harm our operating results or financial condition. 

Future acquisitions and investments could also involve the issuance of our equity and equity-linked securities (potentially diluting our existing stockholders), the incurrence of debt, contingent
liabilities or amortization expenses, write-offs of goodwill, intangibles, or acquired in-process technology, or other increased cash and non-cash expenses, such as stock-based compensation. Any of the foregoing factors could harm our financial
condition or prevent us from achieving improvements in our financial condition and operating performance that could have otherwise been achieved by us on a stand-alone basis. Our stockholders may not have the opportunity to review, vote on or
evaluate future acquisitions or investments. 

From time to time we may become involved in other legal proceedings, which could adversely
affect us. 

We are currently, and from time to time in the future may become, subject to legal proceedings, claims, litigation and
government investigations or inquiries, which could be expensive, lengthy, and disruptive to normal business operations. In addition, the outcome of any legal proceedings, claims, litigation, investigations or inquiries may be difficult to predict
and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. 

If we are unable to maintain or
acquire licenses to include intellectual property owned by others in our games, or to maintain or acquire the rights to publish or distribute games developed by others, we will sell fewer hit titles and our revenue, profitability and cash flows will
decline. Competition for these licenses may make them more expensive and reduce our profitability. 

Many of our products are based on or
incorporate intellectual property owned by others. For example, our EA SPORTS products include rights licensed from major sports leagues and players’ associations. Similarly, many of our other key franchises, such as Star Wars: The Old
Republic, are based on film and literary licenses and our Hasbro products are based on a license for certain of Hasbro’s toy and game properties. In addition, some of our successful products in fiscal year 2011, 
Bulletstorm,

Crysis 2, and 
Portal 2 in fiscal year 2012, are products for which we acquired publishing rights through a license from the product’s creator/owner. Competition for these licenses and rights is intense. If we are unable to
maintain these licenses and rights or obtain additional licenses 

18 

Table of Contents

or rights with significant commercial value, our revenues, profitability and cash flows will decline significantly. Competition for these licenses may also drive up the advances, guarantees and
royalties that we must pay to licensors and developers, which could significantly increase our costs and reduce our profitability. 

Our
business is subject to risks generally associated with the entertainment industry, any of which could significantly harm our operating results. 

Our business is subject to risks that are generally associated with the entertainment industry, many of which are beyond our control. These risks could negatively impact our operating results and include:
the popularity, price and timing of our games and the platforms on which they are played; economic conditions that adversely affect discretionary consumer spending; changes in consumer demographics; the availability and popularity of other forms of
entertainment; and critical reviews and public tastes and preferences, which may change rapidly and cannot necessarily be predicted. 

We
may be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, which could harm our business. 

From time to time,
third parties may assert claims against us relating to patents, copyrights, trademarks, personal publicity rights, or other intellectual property rights to technologies, products or delivery/payment methods that are important to our business.
Although we believe that we make reasonable efforts to ensure that our products do not violate the intellectual property rights of others, it is possible that third parties still may claim infringement. For example, we may be subject to intellectual
property infringement claims from certain individuals and companies who have acquired patent portfolios for the sole purpose of asserting such claims against other companies. In addition, many of our products are highly realistic and feature
materials that are based on real world examples, which may be the subject of intellectual property infringement claims of others. From time to time, we receive communications from third parties regarding such claims. Existing or future infringement
claims against us, whether valid or not, may be time consuming and expensive to defend. Such claims or litigations could require us to pay damages and other costs, stop selling the affected products, redesign those products to avoid infringement, or
obtain a license, all of which could be costly and harm our business. In addition, many patents have been issued that may apply to potential new modes of delivering, playing or monetizing game software products and services, such as those that we
produce or would like to offer in the future. We may discover that future opportunities to provide new and innovative modes of game play and game delivery to consumers may be precluded by existing patents that we are unable to license on reasonable
terms. 

Our products are subject to the threat of piracy and unauthorized copying. 

We take measures to protect our pre-release software and other confidential information from unauthorized access. A security breach that results in the
disclosure of pre-release software or other confidential assets could lead or contribute to piracy of our games or otherwise compromise our product plans. 

Further, entertainment software piracy is a persistent problem in our industry. The growth in peer-to-peer networks and other channels to download pirated copies of our products, the increasing
availability of broadband access to the Internet and the proliferation of technology designed to circumvent the protection measures used with our products all have contributed to an expansion in piracy. Though we take technical steps to make the
unauthorized copying of our products more difficult, as do the manufacturers of consoles on which our games are played, these efforts may not be successful in controlling the piracy of our products. 

While legal protections exist to combat piracy and other forms of unauthorized copying, preventing and curbing infringement through enforcement of our
intellectual property rights may be difficult, costly and time consuming, particularly in countries where laws are less protective of intellectual property rights. Further, the scope of the legal protection of copyright and prohibitions against the
circumvention of technological protection measures to protect copyrighted works are often under scrutiny by courts and governing bodies. The repeal or weakening of laws intended to combat piracy, protect intellectual property and prohibit the
circumvention of technological protection measures could make it more difficult for us to adequately protect against piracy. These factors could have a negative effect on our growth and profitability in the future. 

19 

Table of Contents

Uncertainty and adverse changes in the economy could have a material adverse impact on our business and
operating results. 

Declines in consumer spending resulting from adverse changes in the economy have in the past negatively impacted our
business. Further economic distress may result in a decrease in demand for our products, particularly during key product launch windows, which could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. In particular,
we derive a substantial proportion of our revenues in Europe. Continued weakness and instability in European markets could result in a loss of consumer confidence in the economy and a decrease in discretionary spending, resulting in a material
adverse impact on our operating results. Uncertainty and adverse changes in the economy could also increase the risk of material losses on our investments, increase costs associated with developing and publishing our products, increase the cost and
decrease the availability of sources of financing, and increase our exposure to material losses from bad debts, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results. In addition, if we experience further
deterioration in our market capitalization or our financial performance, we could be required to recognize significant impairment charges in future periods. 

Our business is subject to currency fluctuations. 

International sales are a fundamental
part of our business. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2012, international net revenue comprised 52 percent of our total net revenue. We expect international sales to continue to account for a significant portion of our total net revenue.
Such sales may be subject to unexpected regulatory requirements, tariffs and other barriers. Additionally, foreign sales are primarily made in local currencies, which may fluctuate against the U.S. dollar. In addition, our foreign investments and
our cash and cash equivalents denominated in foreign currencies are subject to currency fluctuations. We use foreign currency forward contracts to mitigate some foreign currency risk associated with foreign currency denominated monetary assets and
liabilities (primarily certain intercompany receivables and payables) to a limited extent and foreign currency option contracts to hedge foreign currency forecasted transactions (primarily related to a portion of the revenue and expenses denominated
in foreign currency generated by our operational subsidiaries). However, these activities are limited in the protection they provide us from foreign currency fluctuations and can themselves result in losses. In the past, the disruption in the global
financial markets has impacted many of the financial institutions with which we do business, and we are subject to counterparty risk with respect to such institutions with whom we enter into hedging transactions. A sustained decline in the financial
stability of financial institutions as a result of the disruption in the financial markets could negatively impact our treasury operations, including our ability to secure credit-worthy counterparties for our foreign currency hedging programs.
Accordingly, our results of operations, including our reported net revenue, operating expenses and net income, and financial condition can be adversely affected by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations, especially the Euro, British pound
sterling and Canadian dollar. In particular, because we derive a substantial proportion of our revenues from sales in Europe, the uncertainty regarding the ability of certain European countries to continue to service their sovereign debt obligations
and related European financial restructuring efforts may cause fluctuations in the value of the Euro that could adversely affect our revenue growth and profit margins on sales outside of the United States, and thus impact our operating results
(expressed in US dollars) in future periods. Further, the continued sovereign debt crisis in Europe could lead to increased counterparty risk with respect to financial institutions and other business partners, who are particularly vulnerable to the
instability in certain European markets. 

Volatility in the capital markets may adversely impact the value of our investments and could
cause us to recognize significant impairment charges in our operating results. 

Our portfolio of short-term investments and marketable
equity securities is subject to volatility in the capital markets and to national and international economic conditions. In particular, our international investments can be subject to fluctuations in foreign currency and our short-term investments
are susceptible to changes in short-term interest rates. These investments are also impacted by declines in value attributable to the credit-worthiness of the issuer. From time to time, we may liquidate some or all of our short-term investments or
marketable equity securities to fund operational needs or other activities, such as capital expenditures, strategic investments or 

20 

Table of Contents

business acquisitions, or for other purposes. If we were to liquidate these short-term investments at a time when they were worth less than what we had originally purchased them for, or if the
obligor were unable to pay the full amount at maturity, we could incur a significant loss. Similarly, we hold marketable equity securities, which have been and may continue to be adversely impacted by price and trading volume volatility in the
public stock markets. We could be required to recognize impairment charges on the securities held by us and/or we may realize losses on the sale of these securities, all of which could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of
operations. 

Our debt service obligations may adversely affect our cash flow.

While our 0.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2016 (the “Notes”) are outstanding, we will have debt service obligations on the Notes of approximately $5 million per year. We intend to
fulfill our debt service obligations from cash generated by our operations and from our existing cash and investments. We may enter into other financial instruments in the future. 

Our indebtedness could have significant negative consequences. For example, it could: 

•

 increase our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions; 

•

 limit our ability to obtain additional financing; 

•

 require the dedication of a substantial portion of any cash flow from operations to the payment of principal of, and interest on, our indebtedness,
thereby reducing the availability of such cash flow to fund our growth strategy, working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; 

•

 limit our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and our industry; and 

•

 place us at a competitive disadvantage relative to our competitors with less debt. 

Further, the Notes are subject to a net share settlement feature, which means that we will satisfy our conversion obligation to holders by paying cash in
settlement of the lesser of the principal amount and the conversion value of the Notes and by delivering shares of our common stock in settlement of any and all conversion obligations in excess of the principal amount. In addition, holders of the
Notes will have the right to require us to purchase their Notes for cash upon the occurrence of a fundamental change at a purchase price equal to 100 percent of their principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. 

We may not have the enough available cash or be able to arrange for financing to pay such principal amount at the time we are required to make purchases
of the Notes or convert the Notes. In addition, we may be required to use funds that are domiciled in foreign tax jurisdictions in order to make the cash payments upon any purchase or conversion of the Notes. If we were to choose to use such funds,
we would be required to accrue and pay additional taxes on any portion of the repatriation where no United States income tax had been previously provided. 

In addition, our ability to purchase the Notes or to pay cash upon conversion of the Notes may be limited by law, by regulatory authority or by agreements governing our future indebtedness. Our failure to
purchase the Notes at a time when the purchase is required by the indenture or to pay cash upon conversion of the Notes as required by the indenture would constitute a default under the indenture. A default under the indenture or a fundamental
change itself could also lead to a default under agreements governing our future indebtedness. If the payment of the related indebtedness were to be accelerated after any applicable notice or grace periods, we may not have sufficient funds to repay
the indebtedness and purchase the Notes or to pay cash upon conversion of the Notes. 

The hedge transactions and warrant transactions
entered into in connection with the Notes may affect the value of the Notes and our common stock.

In connection with the offering of the
Notes, we entered into privately-negotiated convertible note hedge transactions (the “Convertible Note Hedge”) with certain counterparties (“Options Counterparties”) to reduce the potential dilution with respect to our common
stock upon conversion of the Notes. The Convertible Note Hedge covers, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the Notes, the number of 

21 

Table of Contents

shares of common stock underlying the Notes. We also entered into separate, privately-negotiated warrant transactions with the certain counterparties whereby we sold to independent third parties
warrants (the “Warrants”) with the Option Counterparties relating to the same number of shares of our common stock, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. 

In connection with establishing their hedge position with respect to the Convertible Note Hedge and the Warrants, the Option Counterparties and/or their affiliates: 

•

 may have entered into various cash-settled over-the-counter derivative transactions with respect to our common stock and/or purchased shares of our
common stock concurrently with, or shortly following, the pricing of the Notes; and 

•

 may unwind any such cash-settled over-the-counter derivative transactions and purchase shares of our common stock in open market transactions,
including any observation period related to the conversion of the Notes. 

The effect, if any, of these activities, including
the direction or magnitude, on the market price of our common stock will depend on a variety of factors, including market conditions, and cannot be ascertained at this time. Any of these activities could, however, adversely affect the market price
of our common stock and the trading price of the Notes. 

In addition, the Option Counterparties are financial institutions, and we will be
subject to the risk that one or more of the Option Counterparties might default under the Convertible Note Hedge. Our exposure to the credit risk of the Option Counterparties will not be secured by any collateral. If any of the Option Counterparties
becomes subject to insolvency proceedings, we will become an unsecured creditor in those proceedings with a claim equal to our exposure at the time under the Convertible Note Hedge with such option counterparty. Our exposure will depend on many
factors but, generally, the increase in our exposure will be correlated to the increase in the market price and in the volatility of our common stock. 

Changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. 

We are subject to income taxes in the United States and in various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes, and in the ordinary
course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. 

We are also required
to estimate what our tax obligations will be in the future. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the estimation process and applicable laws are inherently uncertain, and our estimates are not binding on tax authorities. The tax
laws’ treatment of software and Internet-based transactions is particularly uncertain and in some cases currently applicable tax laws are ill-suited to address these kinds of transactions. Apart from an adverse resolution of these
uncertainties, our effective tax rate also could be adversely affected by our profit levels, by changes in our business or changes in our structure resulting from the reorganization of our business and operating structure, changes in the mix of
earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the elections we make, changes in applicable tax laws (in the United States or foreign jurisdictions), or changes in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, as well as
other factors. Beginning in fiscal year 2009, we recorded a valuation allowance against most of our U.S. deferred tax assets. We expect to provide a valuation allowance on future U.S. tax benefits until we can sustain a level of profitability or
until other significant positive evidence arises that suggest that these benefits are more likely than not to be realized. Further, our tax determinations are regularly subject to audit by tax authorities and developments in those audits could
adversely affect our income tax provision. Should our ultimate tax liability exceed our estimates, our income tax provision and net income or loss could be materially affected. 

We incur certain tax expenses that do not decline proportionately with declines in our consolidated pre-tax income or loss. As a result, in absolute dollar terms, our tax expense will have a greater
influence on our effective tax rate at lower levels of pre-tax income or loss than at higher levels. In addition, at lower levels of pre-tax income or loss, our effective tax rate will be more volatile. 

22 

Table of Contents

We are also required to pay taxes
other than income taxes, such as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property and goods and services taxes, in both the United States and foreign jurisdictions. We are regularly under examination by tax authorities with respect to these
non-income taxes. There can be no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations, changes in our business or changes in applicable tax rules will not have an adverse effect on our earnings and financial condition. 

Furthermore, as we expand our international operations, adopt new products and new distribution models, implement changes to our operating structure or
undertake intercompany transactions in light of changing tax laws, expiring rulings, acquisitions and our current and anticipated business and operational requirements, our tax expense could increase. 

Our reported financial results could be adversely affected by changes in financial accounting standards or by the application of existing or future
accounting standards to our business as it evolves. 

Our reported financial results are impacted by the accounting standards promulgated
by the SEC and national accounting standards bodies and the methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies. For example, as we have recently issued Notes which we account for under ASC 470-20, Debt with
Conversion and Other Options, we are required to record a greater amount of non-cash interest expense as a result of the amortization of the discounted carrying value of the Notes to their face amount over the term of the Notes. Consequently, we
report lower net income in our financial results because ASC 470-20 requires interest expense to include both the current period’s amortization of the debt discount and the instrument’s coupon interest, which could adversely affect our
reported or future financial results, the trading price of our common stock and the trading price of the Notes. Furthermore, we cannot be sure that the accounting standards in the future will continue to permit the use of the treasury stock method,
with respect to the calculation of diluted earnings per share when considering our Notes that may be settled entirely or partly in cash. If we are unable to use the treasury stock method in accounting for the shares issuable upon conversion of the
Notes, then our diluted earnings per share would be adversely affected. 

In addition, accounting standards affecting software revenue
recognition have and could further significantly affect the way we account for revenue related to our products and services. We recognize all of the revenue from bundled sales (i.e., packaged goods video games that include updates on a
when-and-if-available basis and an online service component) on a deferred basis over an estimated online service period, which we generally estimate to be six months beginning in the month after delivery. As we increase our downloadable content and
add new features to our online service, our estimate of the online service period may change and we could be required to recognize revenue over a longer period of time. 

As we enhance, expand and diversify our business and product offerings, the application of existing or future financial accounting standards, particularly those relating to the way we account for revenue
and taxes, could have a significant adverse effect on our reported results although not necessarily on our cash flows. 

We are implementing
a new integrated financial information system to be used throughout our worldwide organization. If this implementation is not completed in a successful and timely manner or if the new system fails to perform as expected, our ability to accurately
process, prepare and analyze important financial data could be impeded and our business operations may be disrupted. 

As part of our
effort to improve efficiencies throughout our worldwide organization, we are implementing a new integrated financial information system. This implementation is expected to be completed by the first quarter of the fiscal year 2013. This system will
integrate our order management, product shipment, cash management and financial accounting processes, among others. The successful conversion from our current multiple financial information systems to this new integrated financial information system
entails a number of risks due to the complexity of the conversion and implementation process. Such risks include verifying the accuracy of the business data and information prior to conversion, the actual conversion of that data and information to
the new system and then using that business data and information in the new system after the conversion. While testing these new systems and processes and training of employees are done in advance of implementation, there are

23 

Table of Contents

inherent limitations in our ability to simulate a full-scale operating environment in advance of implementation. There can be no assurance that the conversion to, and the implementation of, the
new financial information system will not impede our ability to accurately and timely process, prepare and analyze the financial data we use in making operating decisions and which form the basis of the financial information we include in the
periodic reports we file with the SEC. In addition, a number of important operational functions, including receiving product orders, product shipments and inventory maintenance, among others, will be reliant on the new system and therefore, any
problems with the implementation or other system problems may result in a disruption to our business operations. 

We rely on business
partners in many areas of our business and our business may be harmed if they are unable to honor their obligations to us. 

We rely on
various business partners, including third-party service providers, vendors, licensing partners, development partners, and licensees, among others, in many areas of our business. In many cases, these third parties are given access to sensitive and
proprietary information in order to provide services and support to our teams. These third parties may misappropriate our information and engage in unauthorized use of it. The failure of these third parties to provide adequate services and
technologies, or the failure of the third parties to adequately maintain or update their services and technologies, could result in a disruption to our business operations. Further, disruptions in the financial markets and economic downturns may
adversely affect our business partners and they may not be able to continue honoring their obligations to us. Some of our business partners are highly-leveraged or small businesses that may be particularly vulnerable. Alternative arrangements and
services may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or we may experience business interruptions upon a transition to an alternative partner or vendor. If we lose one or more significant business partners, our business could be
harmed. 

Our stock price has been volatile and may continue to fluctuate significantly. 

The market price of our common stock historically has been, and we expect will continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations. These fluctuations
may be due to factors specific to us (including those discussed in the risk factors above, as well as others not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material), to changes in securities analysts’ earnings estimates or
ratings, to our results or future financial guidance falling below our expectations and analysts’ and investors’ expectations, to factors affecting the entertainment, computer, software, Internet, media or electronics industries, to our
ability to successfully integrate any acquisitions we may make, or to national or international economic conditions. In particular, economic downturns may contribute to the public stock markets experiencing extreme price and trading volume
volatility. These broad market fluctuations have and could continue to adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 

24 

Table of Contents