Our
business is subject to many risks and uncertainties, which may affect our future financial performance. If any of the events or circumstances described below occurs, our business and financial performance could be harmed, our actual results could
differ materially from our expectations and the market value of our stock could decline. The risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only ones we face. There may be additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we
currently do not believe are material that may harm our business and financial performance. 

Our business is intensely competitive and
“hit” driven. If we do not deliver “hit” products and services, or if consumers prefer our competitors’ products or services over our own, our operating results could suffer. 

Competition in our industry is intense and we expect new competitors to continue to emerge throughout the world. Our competitors range from large
established companies to emerging start-ups. In our industry, though many new products and services are regularly introduced, only a relatively small number of “hit” titles accounts for a significant portion of total revenue for the
industry. We have significantly reduced the number of games that we develop, publish and distribute: in fiscal year 2010, we published 54 primary titles, and in fiscal year 2011, we published 36. In fiscal year 2012, we expect to release
approximately 22 primary titles, including launching our massively – multiplayer online role-playing game Star Wars: The Old Republic. Publishing fewer titles means that we concentrate more of our development spending on each title, and
driving “hit” titles often requires large marketing budgets and media spend. The underperformance of a title may have a large adverse impact on our financial results. Also, hit products or services offered by our competitors may take a
larger share of consumer spending than we anticipate, which could cause revenue generated from our products and services to fall below expectations. 

In addition, both the online and mobile games marketplaces are characterized by frequent product introductions, relatively low barriers to entry, and new and evolving business methods, technologies and
platforms for development. We expect competition in these markets to intensify. It is also possible that consumer adoption of these new platforms for games and other technological advances in online or mobile game offerings could negatively impact
our sales of console, handheld and traditional PC products before we have sufficiently developed profitable businesses in these markets. If our competitors develop and market more successful products or services, offer competitive products or
services at lower price points or based on payment models perceived as offering a better value proposition (such as free-to-play or subscription-based models), or if we do not continue to develop consistently high-quality and well-received products
and services, our revenue, margins, and profitability will decline. 

Our operating results will be adversely affected if we do not
consistently meet our product development schedules or if key events or sports seasons that we tie our product release schedules to are delayed or cancelled. 

Our business is highly seasonal, with the highest levels of consumer demand and a significant percentage of our sales occurring in the December quarter. If we miss these key selling periods for any
reason, including product delays, product cancellations, or delayed introduction of a new platform for which we have developed products, our sales will suffer disproportionately. Our ability to meet product development schedules is affected by a
number of factors, including the creative processes involved, the coordination of large and sometimes geographically dispersed development teams required by the increasing complexity of our products and the platforms for which they are developed,
and the need to fine-tune our products prior to their release. We have experienced development delays for our products in the past, which caused us to push back or cancel release dates. We also seek to release certain products in conjunction with
specific events, such as the beginning of a sports season or major sporting event, or the release of a related movie. If a key event or sports season to which our product release schedule is tied were to be delayed or cancelled, our sales would also
suffer disproportionately. In the future, any failure to meet anticipated production or release schedules would likely result in a delay of revenue and/or possibly a significant shortfall in our revenue, increase our development expense, harm our
profitability, and cause our operating results to be materially different than anticipated. 

13 

Table of Contents

If our marketing and advertising efforts fail to resonate with our customers, our business and operating
results could be adversely affected. 

Our products are marketed worldwide through a diverse spectrum of advertising and promotional
programs such as television and online advertising, print advertising, retail merchandising, website development and event sponsorship. Our ability to sell our products and services is dependent in part upon the success of these programs. If the
marketing for our products and services fail to resonate with our customers, particularly during the critical holiday season or during other key selling periods, or if advertising rates or other media placement costs increase, these factors could
have a material adverse impact on our business and operating results. 

Our business is highly dependent on the success and availability of
video game hardware systems manufactured by third parties, as well as our ability to develop commercially successful products for these systems. 

We derive most of our revenue from the sale of products for play on video game hardware systems (which we also refer to as “platforms”) manufactured by third parties, such as Sony’s
PLAYSTATION 3, Microsoft’s Xbox 360 and Nintendo’s Wii. The success of our business is driven in large part by the commercial success and adequate supply of these video game hardware systems, our ability to accurately predict which
systems will be successful in the marketplace, and our ability to develop commercially successful products for these systems. We must make product development decisions and commit significant resources well in advance of anticipated product ship
dates. A platform for which we are developing products may not succeed or may have a shorter life cycle than anticipated. If consumer demand for the systems for which we are developing products is lower than our expectations, our revenue will
suffer, we may be unable to fully recover the investments we have made in developing our products, and our financial performance will be harmed. Alternatively, a system for which we have not devoted significant resources could be more successful
than we had initially anticipated, causing us to miss out on meaningful revenue opportunities. 

Our adoption of new business models could
fail to produce our desired financial returns. 

We are actively seeking to monetize game properties through a variety of new platforms and
business models, including online distribution of full games and additional content, free-to-play games supported by advertising and/or micro-transactions on social networking services and subscription services. Forecasting our revenues and
profitability for these new business models is inherently uncertain and volatile. Our actual revenues and profits for these businesses may be significantly greater or less than our forecasts. Additionally, these new business models could fail for
one or more of our titles, resulting in the loss of our investment in the development and infrastructure needed to support these new business models, and the opportunity cost of diverting management and financial resources away from more successful
businesses. 

Technology changes rapidly in our business and if we fail to anticipate or successfully develop games for new platforms and
services, adopt new distribution technologies or methods, or implement new technologies in our games, the quality, timeliness and competitiveness of our products and services will suffer. 

Rapid technology changes in our industry require us to anticipate, sometimes years in advance, which technologies we must implement and take advantage of in order to make our products and services
competitive in the market. We have invested, and in the future may invest, in new business strategies, technologies, products, and services. Such endeavors may involve significant risks and uncertainties, and no assurance can be given that the
technology we choose to adopt and the platforms, products and services that we pursue will be successful and will not materially adversely affect our reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 

Our product development usually starts with particular platforms and distribution methods in mind, and a range of technical development goals that we
hope to be able to achieve. We may not be able to achieve these goals, or our competition may be able to achieve them more quickly and effectively than we can. In either case, our products and services may be technologically inferior to our
competitors’, less appealing to consumers, or both. If we cannot achieve our technology goals within the original development schedule of our products and services, then we may delay their release until these technology goals can be achieved,
which may delay or reduce revenue 

14 

Table of Contents

and increase our development expenses. Alternatively, we may increase the resources employed in research and development in an attempt to accelerate our development of new technologies, either to
preserve our product or service launch schedule or to keep up with our competition, which would increase our development expenses. We may also miss opportunities to adopt technology, or develop products and services for new platforms or services
that become popular with consumers, which could adversely affect our revenues. It may take significant time and resources to shift our focus to such technologies or platforms, putting us at a competitive disadvantage. 

We may experience outages and disruptions of our online services if we fail to maintain adequate operational services and supporting
infrastructure.

As we increase our online products and services, we expect to continue to invest in technology services, hardware and
software — including data centers, network services, storage and database technologies — to support existing services and to introduce new products and services including websites, ecommerce capabilities, online game communities and online
game play services. Creating the appropriate support for online business initiatives is expensive and complex, and could result in inefficiencies or operational failures, and increased vulnerability to cyber attacks, which could diminish the quality
of our products, services, and user experience. Such failures could result in damage to our reputation and loss of current and potential users, subscribers, and advertisers which could harm our business. In addition, we could be adversely impacted
by outages and disruptions in the online platforms of our key business partners, who offer our products and services. 

If we release
defective products, our operating results could suffer. 

Products such as ours are extremely complex software programs, and are difficult
to develop, manufacture and distribute. We have quality controls in place to detect defects in the software, media and packaging of our products before they are released. Nonetheless, these quality controls are subject to human error, overriding,
and reasonable resource constraints. Therefore, these quality controls and preventative measures may not be effective in detecting defects in our products before they have been reproduced and released into the marketplace. In such an event, we could
be required to or may find it necessary to voluntarily recall a product or suspend its availability, which could significantly harm our business and operating results. 

Our business could be adversely affected if our consumer data protection measures are not seen as adequate; there are breaches of our security measures or unintended disclosures of our consumer data.

There are several inherent risks to engaging in business online and directly with end consumers of our products. As we conduct more
transactions online directly with consumers, we may be the victim of fraudulent transactions, including credit card fraud, which presents a risk to our revenues and potentially disrupts service to our consumers. In addition, we are collecting and
storing more consumer information, including personal information and credit card information. We take measures to protect our consumer data from unauthorized access or disclosure. It is possible that our security controls over consumer data may not
prevent the improper access or disclosure of personally identifiable information. A security breach that leads to disclosure of consumer account information (including personally identifiable information) could harm our reputation, compel us to
comply with disparate state breach notification laws and otherwise subject us to liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. A resulting perception that our products or services do not adequately
protect the privacy of personal information could result in a loss of current or potential consumers for our online offerings that require the collection of consumer data. Our key business partners also face these same risks and any security
breaches of their system could adversely impact our ability to offer our products and services through their platforms, resulting in a loss of meaningful revenues. 

In addition, the interpretation and application of consumer and data protection laws in the U.S., Europe and elsewhere are often uncertain, contradictory and in flux. It is possible that these laws may be
interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our data practices. If so, this could result in government imposed fines or orders requiring that we change our data practices, which could have an adverse effect on our business.
Complying with these various laws could cause us to incur substantial costs or require us to change our business practices in a manner adverse to our business. 

15 

Table of Contents

The majority of our sales are made to a relatively small number of key customers. If these customers
reduce their purchases of our products or become unable to pay for them, our business could be harmed. 

During the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2011, approximately 72 percent of our North America sales were made to our top ten customers. In Europe, our top ten customers accounted for approximately 46 percent of our sales in that territory during the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2011. Worldwide, we had direct sales to two customers, GameStop Corp. and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., which represented approximately 16 percent and 10 percent of total net revenue, respectively, for the fiscal year ended March 31,
2011. Though our products are available to consumers through a variety of retailers and directly through us, the concentration of our sales in one, or a few, large customers could lead to a short-term disruption in our sales if one or more of these
customers significantly reduced their purchases or ceased to carry our products, and could make us more vulnerable to collection risk if one or more of these large customers became unable to pay for our products or declared bankruptcy. Additionally,
our receivables from these large customers increase significantly in the December quarter as they make purchases in anticipation of the holiday selling season. Also, having such a large portion of our total net revenue concentrated in a few
customers could reduce our negotiating leverage with these customers. If one or more of our key customers experience deterioration in their business, or become unable to obtain sufficient financing to maintain their operations, our business could be
harmed. 

Our industry is cyclical, driven by the periodic introduction of new video game hardware systems. As we continue to move through
the current cycle, our industry growth may slow down and as a result, our operating results may be difficult to predict. 

Video game
hardware systems have historically had a life cycle of four to six years, which causes the video game software market to be cyclical as well. The current cycle began with Microsoft’s launch of the Xbox 360 in 2005, and continued in 2006 when
Sony and Nintendo launched their next-generation systems, the PLAYSTATION 3 and the Wii, respectively. Sales of software designed for these hardware systems represent the majority of our revenue, so our growth and success is highly correlated to
sales of video game hardware systems. While there are indications that this current cycle may be extended longer than prior cycles — in part, due to the growth of online services and content, the greater graphic and processing power of the
current generation hardware, and the introduction of new peripherals — growth in the installed base of the current generation of video game systems is likely to slow down in the coming years. This slow-down in sales of video game players may
cause a corresponding slow-down in the growth of sales of video game software, which could significantly affect our operating results. 

Sales of used video game products could lower our sales of new video games. 

Certain of our retail customers sell used video games. Used video game sales have been growing in North America, and are emerging in Europe. Used video games are generally priced lower than new video
games and the margins on used games sales are generally greater for retailers than the margins on new game sales. We do not receive revenue from retailers’ sales of used video games. Sales of used video games may negatively impact our sales and
profitability. 

The video game hardware manufacturers are among our chief competitors and frequently control the manufacturing of and/or
access to our video game products. If they do not approve our products, we will be unable to ship to our customers. 

Our agreements with
hardware licensors (such as Sony for the PLAYSTATION 3, Microsoft for the Xbox 360, and Nintendo for the Wii) typically give significant control to the licensor over the approval and manufacturing of our products, which could, in certain
circumstances, leave us unable to get our products approved, manufactured and shipped to customers. These hardware licensors are also among our chief competitors. Generally, control of the approval and manufacturing process by the hardware licensors
increases both our manufacturing lead times and costs as compared to those we can achieve independently. While we believe that our relationships with our hardware licensors are currently good, the potential for these licensors to delay or refuse to
approve or manufacture our products exists. Such occurrences would harm our business and our financial performance. 

16 

Table of Contents

We also require compatibility code and
the consent of Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo in order to include online capabilities in our products for their respective platforms and to digitally distribute our products through their proprietary networks. As online capabilities for video game
systems become more significant, Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo could restrict the manner in which we provide online capabilities for our products. They may also restrict the number of products that we may distribute digitally on their networks. If
Sony, Microsoft or Nintendo refuse to approve our products with online capabilities, restrict our digital download offerings on their proprietary networks, or significantly impact the financial terms on which these services are offered to our
customers, our business could be harmed. 

The video game hardware manufacturers set the royalty rates and other fees that we must pay to
publish games for their platforms, and therefore have significant influence on our costs. If one or more of these manufacturers change their fee structure, our profitability will be materially impacted. 

In order to publish products for a video game system such as the Xbox 360, PLAYSTATION 3 or Wii, we must take a license from Microsoft, Sony and
Nintendo, respectively, which gives these companies the opportunity to set the fee structure that we must pay in order to publish games for that platform. Similarly, these companies have retained the flexibility to change their fee structures, or
adopt different fee structures for online purchases of games, online gameplay and other new features for their consoles. The control that hardware manufacturers have over the fee structures for their platforms and online access could adversely
impact our costs, profitability and margins. Because publishing products for video game systems is the largest portion of our business, any increase in fee structures would significantly harm our ability to generate profits. 

If we are unable to maintain or acquire licenses to include intellectual property owned by others in our games, or to maintain or acquire the rights
to publish or distribute games developed by others, we will sell fewer hit titles and our revenue, profitability and cash flows will decline. Competition for these licenses may make them more expensive and reduce our profitability. 

Many of our products are based on or incorporate intellectual property owned by others. For example, our EA SPORTS products include rights licensed from
major sports leagues and players’ associations. Similarly, many of our other hit franchises, such as Harry Potter, are based on key film and literary licenses and our Hasbro products are based on a license for these key toy and game properties.
In addition, some of our successful products in fiscal year 2011, Bulletstorm and 
Crysis 2, were products for which we acquired publishing rights through a license from the product’s creator/owner. Competition for these licenses
and rights is intense. If we are unable to maintain these licenses and rights or obtain additional licenses or rights with significant commercial value, our revenues, profitability and cash flows will decline significantly. Competition for these
licenses may also drive up the advances, guarantees and royalties that we must pay to licensors and developers, which could significantly increase our costs and reduce our profitability. 

If we do not continue to attract and retain key personnel, we will be unable to effectively conduct our business. 

The market for technical, creative, marketing and other personnel essential to the development and marketing of our products and management of our businesses is extremely competitive. Our leading position
within the interactive entertainment industry makes us a prime target for recruiting of executives and key creative talent. If we cannot successfully recruit and retain the employees we need, or replace key employees following their departure, our
ability to develop and manage our business will be impaired. 

Our business is subject to risks generally associated with the entertainment
industry, any of which could significantly harm our operating results. 

Our business is subject to risks that are generally associated
with the entertainment industry, many of which are beyond our control. These risks could negatively impact our operating results and include: the popularity, price and timing of our games and the platforms on which they are played; economic
conditions that adversely affect discretionary consumer spending; changes in consumer demographics; the availability and popularity of other forms of entertainment; and critical reviews and public tastes and preferences, which may change rapidly and
cannot necessarily be predicted. 

17 

Table of Contents

Acquisitions, investments and other strategic transactions could result in operating difficulties,
dilution to our investors and other negative consequences. 

We expect to continue making acquisitions or entering into other strategic
transactions including (1) acquisitions of companies, businesses, intellectual properties, and other assets, (2) minority investments in strategic partners, and (3) investments in new interactive entertainment businesses (for example,
online and mobile publishing platforms) as part of our long-term business strategy. These transactions involve significant challenges and risks including that the transaction does not advance our business strategy, that we do not realize a
satisfactory return on our investment, that we acquire unknown liabilities, or that we experience difficulty in the integration of business systems and technologies, the integration and retention of new employees, or in the maintenance of key
business and customer relationships of the businesses we acquire, or diversion of management’s attention from our other businesses. These events could harm our operating results or financial condition. 

Future acquisitions and investments could also involve the issuance of our equity and equity-linked securities (potentially diluting our existing
stockholders), the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, write-offs of goodwill, intangibles, or acquired in-process technology, or other increased cash and non-cash expenses, such as stock-based compensation. Any of
the foregoing factors could harm our financial condition or prevent us from achieving improvements in our financial condition and operating performance that could have otherwise been achieved by us on a stand-alone basis. Our stockholders may not
have the opportunity to review, vote on or evaluate future acquisitions or investments. 

We may be subject to claims of infringement of
third-party intellectual property rights, which could harm our business. 

From time to time, third parties may assert claims against us
relating to patents, copyrights, trademarks, personal publicity rights, or other intellectual property rights to technologies, products or delivery/payment methods that are important to our business. Although we believe that we make reasonable
efforts to ensure that our products do not violate the intellectual property rights of others, it is possible that third parties still may claim infringement. For example, we may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims from certain
individuals and companies who have acquired patent portfolios for the sole purpose of asserting such claims against other companies. In addition, many of our products are highly realistic and feature materials that are based on real world examples,
which may be the subject of intellectual property infringement claims of others. From time to time, we receive communications from third parties regarding such claims. Existing or future infringement claims against us, whether valid or not, may be
time consuming and expensive to defend. Such claims or litigations could require us to pay damages and other costs, stop selling the affected products, redesign those products to avoid infringement, or obtain a license, all of which could be costly
and harm our business. In addition, many patents have been issued that may apply to potential new modes of delivering, playing or monetizing game software products and services, such as those that we produce or would like to offer in the future. We
may discover that future opportunities to provide new and innovative modes of game play and game delivery to consumers may be precluded by existing patents that we are unable to license on reasonable terms. 

From time to time we may become involved in other legal proceedings, which could adversely affect us. 

We are currently, and from time to time in the future may become, subject to legal proceedings, claims, litigation and government investigations or
inquiries, which could be expensive, lengthy, and disruptive to normal business operations. In addition, the outcome of any legal proceedings, claims, litigation, investigations or inquiries may be difficult to predict and could have a material
adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. 

Our business is subject to increasing regulation and the
adoption of proposed legislation we oppose could negatively impact our business. 

Legislation is continually being introduced in the
United States at the local, state and federal levels for the establishment of government mandated rating requirements or restrictions on distribution of entertainment software based on content. To date, most courts that have ruled on such
legislation have ruled in a manner favorable to the interactive entertainment industry. Other countries have adopted or are considering laws 

18 

Table of Contents

regulating or mandating ratings requirements on entertainment software content and certain foreign countries already allow government censorship of entertainment software products. Adoption of
government ratings system or restrictions on distribution of entertainment software based on content could harm our business by limiting the products we are able to offer to our customers and compliance with new and possibly inconsistent regulations
for different territories could be costly or delay the release of our products. 

As we increase the online delivery of our products and
services, we are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet. In addition, laws and regulations relating to user privacy, data collection and retention, content,
advertising and information security have been adopted or are being considered for adoption by many countries throughout the world. The costs of compliance with these laws may increase in the future as a result of changes in interpretation.
Furthermore, any failure on our part to comply with these laws or the application of these laws in an unanticipated manner may harm our business. 

Our products are subject to the threat of piracy and unauthorized copying. 

We take
measures to protect our pre-release software and other confidential information from unauthorized access. A security breach that results in the disclosure of pre-release software or other confidential assets could lead or contribute to piracy of our
games or otherwise compromise our product plans. 

Further, entertainment software piracy is a persistent problem in our industry. The growth
in peer-to-peer networks and other channels to download pirated copies of our products, the increasing availability of broadband access to the Internet and the proliferation of technology designed to circumvent the protection measures used with our
products all have contributed to an expansion in piracy. Though we take technical steps to make the unauthorized copying of our products more difficult, as do the manufacturers of consoles on which our games are played, these efforts may not be
successful in controlling the piracy of our products. 

While legal protections exist to combat piracy, preventing and curbing infringement
through enforcement of our intellectual property rights may be difficult, costly and time consuming, particularly in countries where laws are less protective of intellectual property rights. Further, the scope of the legal protection of copyright
and prohibitions against the circumvention of technological protection measures to protect copyrighted works are often under scrutiny by courts and governing bodies. The repeal or weakening of laws intended to combat piracy, protect intellectual
property and prohibit the circumvention of technological protection measures could make it more difficult for us to adequately protect against piracy. These factors could have a negative effect on our growth and profitability in the future.

If one or more of our titles were found to contain hidden, objectionable content, our business could suffer. 

Throughout the history of our industry, many video games have been designed to include certain hidden content and gameplay features that are accessible
through the use of in-game cheat codes or other technological means that are intended to enhance the gameplay experience. However, in several cases, hidden content or features have been found to be included in other publishers’ products by an
employee who was not authorized to do so or by an outside developer without the knowledge of the publisher. From time to time, some hidden content and features have contained profanity, graphic violence and sexually explicit or otherwise
objectionable material. In a few cases, the Entertainment Software Ratings Board (“ESRB”) has reacted to discoveries of hidden content and features by reviewing the rating that was originally assigned to the product, requiring the
publisher to change the game packaging and/or fining the publisher. Retailers have on occasion reacted to the discovery of such hidden content by removing these games from their shelves, refusing to sell them, and demanding that their publishers
accept them as product returns. Likewise, consumers have reacted to the revelation of hidden content by refusing to purchase such games, demanding refunds for games they have already purchased, and refraining from buying other games published by the
company whose game contained the objectionable material. 

We have implemented preventative measures designed to reduce the possibility of
hidden, objectionable content from appearing in the video games we publish. Nonetheless, these preventative measures are subject to human error, circumvention, overriding, and reasonable resource constraints. In addition, to the extent we acquire a
company without similar controls in place, the possibility of hidden, objectionable content appearing in video games developed by that company but for which we are ultimately responsible could increase. If a video game

19 

Table of Contents

we published were found to contain hidden, objectionable content, the ESRB could demand that we recall a game and change its packaging to reflect a revised rating, retailers could refuse to sell
it and demand we accept the return of any unsold copies or returns from customers, and consumers could refuse to buy it or demand that we refund their money. This could have a material negative impact on our operating results and financial
condition. In addition, our reputation could be harmed, which could impact sales of other video games we sell. If any of these consequences were to occur, our business and financial performance could be significantly harmed. 

Uncertainty and adverse changes in the economy could have a material adverse impact on our business and operating results. 

Declines in consumer spending resulting from adverse changes in the economy have in the past negatively impacted our business. Further economic distress
may result in a decrease in demand for our products, particularly during key product launch windows, which could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. Uncertainty and adverse changes in the economy
could also increase the risk of material losses on our investments, increase costs associated with developing and publishing our products, increase the cost and decrease the availability of sources of financing, and increase our exposure to material
losses from bad debts, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results. In addition, if we experience further deterioration in our market capitalization or our financial performance, we could be
required to recognize significant impairment charges in future periods. 

Our business is subject to currency fluctuations. 

International sales are a fundamental part of our business. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2011, international net revenue comprised 49 percent
of our total net revenue. We expect international sales to continue to account for a significant portion of our total net revenue. Such sales may be subject to unexpected regulatory requirements, tariffs and other barriers. Additionally, foreign
sales are primarily made in local currencies, which may fluctuate against the U.S. dollar. In addition, our foreign investments and our cash and cash equivalents denominated in foreign currencies are subject to currency fluctuations. We use foreign
currency forward contracts to mitigate some foreign currency risk associated with foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities (primarily certain intercompany receivables and payables) to a limited extent and foreign currency option
contracts to hedge foreign currency forecasted transactions (primarily related to a portion of the revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currency generated by our operational subsidiaries). However, these activities are limited in the
protection they provide us from foreign currency fluctuations and can themselves result in losses. In the past, the disruption in the global financial markets has impacted many of the financial institutions with which we do business. A sustained
decline in the financial stability of financial institutions as a result of the disruption in the financial markets could negatively impact our treasury operations, including our ability to secure credit-worthy counterparties for our foreign
currency hedging programs. Accordingly, our results of operations, including our reported net revenue, operating expenses and net income, and financial condition can be adversely affected by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations, especially the
Euro, British pound sterling and Canadian dollar. 

Volatility in the capital markets may adversely impact the value of our investments and
could cause us to recognize significant impairment charges in our operating results. 

Our portfolio of short-term investments and
marketable equity securities is subject to volatility in the capital markets and to national and international economic conditions. In particular, our international investments can be subject to fluctuations in foreign currency and our short-term
investments are susceptible to changes in short-term interest rates. These investments are also impacted by declines in value attributable to the credit-worthiness of the issuer. From time to time, we may liquidate some or all of our short-term
investments or marketable equity securities to fund operational needs or other activities, such as capital expenditures, strategic investments or business acquisitions, or for other purposes. If we were to liquidate these short-term investments at a
time when they were worth less than what we had originally purchased them for, or if the obligor were unable to pay the full amount at maturity, we could incur a significant loss. Similarly, we hold marketable equity securities, which have been and
may continue to be adversely impacted by price and trading volume volatility in the public stock 

20 

Table of Contents

markets. We could be required to recognize impairment charges on the securities held by us and/or we may realize losses on the sale of these securities, all of which could have an adverse effect
on our financial condition and results of operations. 

Changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities could adversely
affect our earnings and financial condition. 

We are subject to income taxes in the United States and in various foreign jurisdictions.
Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes, and, in the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. 

We are also required to estimate what our tax obligations will be in the future. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the estimation
process and applicable laws are inherently uncertain, and our estimates are not binding on tax authorities. The tax laws’ treatment of software and Internet-based transactions is particularly uncertain and in some cases currently applicable tax
laws are ill-suited to address these kinds of transactions. Apart from an adverse resolution of these uncertainties, our effective tax rate also could be adversely affected by our profit level, by changes in our business or changes in our structure
resulting from the reorganization of our business and operating structure, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the elections we make, changes in applicable tax laws (in the United States or
foreign jurisdictions), or changes in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, as well as other factors. In fiscal years 2009, 2010 and 2011, we recorded a valuation allowance against most of our U.S. deferred tax assets. We expect to
provide a valuation allowance on future U.S. tax benefits until we can sustain a level of profitability or until other significant positive evidence arises that suggest that these benefits are more likely than not to be realized. Further, our tax
determinations are regularly subject to audit by tax authorities and developments in those audits could adversely affect our income tax provision. Should our ultimate tax liability exceed our estimates, our income tax provision and net income or
loss could be materially affected. 

We incur certain tax expenses that do not decline proportionately with declines in our consolidated
pre-tax income or loss. As a result, in absolute dollar terms, our tax expense will have a greater influence on our effective tax rate at lower levels of pre-tax income or loss than at higher levels. In addition, at lower levels of pre-tax income or
loss, our effective tax rate will be more volatile. 

We are also required to pay taxes other than income taxes, such as payroll, sales, use,
value-added, net worth, property and goods and services taxes, in both the United States and foreign jurisdictions. We are regularly under examination by tax authorities with respect to these non-income taxes. There can be no assurance that the
outcomes from these examinations, changes in our business or changes in applicable tax rules will not have an adverse effect on our earnings and financial condition. 

Furthermore, as we expand our international operations, adopt new products and new distribution models, implement changes to our operating structure or undertake intercompany transactions in light of
changing tax laws, expiring rulings, acquisitions and our current and anticipated business and operational requirements, our tax expense could increase. 

Our reported financial results could be adversely affected by changes in financial accounting standards or by the application of existing or future accounting standards to our business as it evolves.

Our reported financial results are impacted by the accounting policies promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission
(“SEC”) and national accounting standards bodies and the methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies. Policies affecting software revenue recognition have and could further significantly affect the way
we account for revenue related to our products and services. We recognize all of the revenue from bundled sales (i.e., packaged goods video games that include an online service component) on a deferred basis over an estimated online service
period, which we generally estimate to be six months beginning in the month after shipment. As we increase our downloadable content and add new features to our online service, our estimate of the online service period may change and we could be
required to recognize 

21 

Table of Contents

revenue over a longer period of time. We expect that a significant portion of our games will be online-enabled in the future and we could be required to recognize the related revenue over an
extended period of time rather than at the time of sale. As we enhance, expand and diversify our business and product offerings, the application of existing or future financial accounting standards, particularly those relating to the way we account
for revenue and taxes, could have a significant adverse effect on our reported results although not necessarily on our cash flows. 

We have
begun the implementation of a new integrated financial information system to be used throughout our worldwide organization. If this implementation is not completed in a successful and timely manner or if the new system fails to perform as expected,
our ability to accurately process, prepare and analyze important financial data could be impeded and our business operations may be disrupted. 

As part of our effort to improve efficiencies throughout our worldwide organization, we have begun the implementation of a new integrated financial information system. This implementation is expected to
be completed by January 2012. This system will integrate our order management, product shipment, cash management and financial accounting processes, among others. The successful conversion from our current multiple financial information systems to
this new integrated financial information system entails a number of risks due to the complexity of the conversion and implementation process. Such risks include verifying the accuracy of the business data and information prior to conversion, the
actual conversion of that data and information to the new system and then using that business data and information in the new system after the conversion. While testing of these new systems and processes and training of employees are done in advance
of implementation, there are inherent limitations in our ability to simulate a full-scale operating environment in advance of implementation. There can be no assurance that the conversion to, and the implementation of, the new financial information
system will not impede our ability to accurately and timely process, prepare and analyze the financial data we use in making operating decisions and which form the basis of the financial information we include in the periodic reports we file with
the SEC. In addition, a number of important operational functions, including receiving product orders, product shipments and inventory maintenance, among others, will be reliant on the new system and therefore, any problems with the implementation
or other system problems may result in a disruption to our business operations. 

We rely on business partners in many areas of our business
and our business may be harmed if they are unable to honor their obligations to us. 

We rely on various business partners, including
third-party service providers, vendors, licensing partners, development partners, and licensees, among others, in many areas of our business. In many cases, these third parties are given access to sensitive and proprietary information in order to
provide services and support to our teams. These third parties may misappropriate our information and engage in unauthorized use of it. The failure of these third parties to provide adequate services and technologies, or the failure of the third
parties to adequately maintain or update their services and technologies, could result in a disruption to our business operations. Further, the disruption in the financial markets and the global economic downturn may adversely affect our business
partners and they may not be able to continue honoring their obligations to us. Some of our business partners are highly-leveraged or small businesses that may be particularly vulnerable in the current economic environment. Alternative arrangements
and services may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or we may experience business interruptions upon a transition to an alternative partner or vendor. If we lose one or more significant business partners, our business could be
harmed. 

Our stock price has been volatile and may continue to fluctuate significantly. 

The market price of our common stock historically has been, and we expect will continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations. These fluctuations
may be due to factors specific to us (including those discussed in the risk factors above, as well as others not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material), to changes in securities analysts’ earnings estimates or
ratings, to our results or future financial guidance falling below our expectations and analysts’ and investors’ expectations, to factors affecting the entertainment, computer, software, Internet, media or electronics industries, to our
ability to successfully integrate any acquisitions we may make, or to national or international economic conditions. In particular, economic 

22 

Table of Contents

downturns may contribute to the public stock markets experiencing extreme price and trading volume volatility. These broad market fluctuations have and could continue to adversely affect the
market price of our common stock. 

In February 2011, we announced that our Board of Directors authorized a program to repurchase up to $600
million of our common stock over the next 18 months. Our stock repurchases may be executed at market prices that may subsequently decline. 

23 

Table of Contents