Our
business is subject to many risks and uncertainties, which may affect our future financial performance. If any of the events or circumstances described below occurs, our business and financial performance could be harmed, our actual results could
differ materially from our expectations and the market value of our stock could decline. The risks and uncertainties discussed below are not the only ones we face. There may be additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we
currently do not believe are material that may harm our business and financial performance. 

Our business is highly dependent on the
success and availability of video game hardware systems manufactured by third parties, as well as our ability to develop commercially successful products for these systems. 

We derive most of our revenue from the sale of products for play on video game hardware systems (which we also refer to as “platforms”)
manufactured by third parties, such as Sony’s PLAYSTATION 3, Microsoft’s Xbox 360 and Nintendo’s Wii. The success of our business is driven in large part by the commercial success and adequate supply of these video game hardware
systems, our ability to accurately predict which systems will be successful in the marketplace, and our ability to develop commercially successful products for these systems. We must make product development decisions and commit significant
resources well in advance of anticipated product ship dates. A platform for which we are developing products may not succeed or may have a shorter life cycle than anticipated. If consumer demand for the systems for which we are developing products
is lower than our expectations, our revenue will suffer, we may be unable to fully recover the investments we have made in developing our products, and our financial performance will be harmed. Alternatively, a system for which we have not devoted
significant resources could be more successful than we had initially anticipated, causing us to miss out on meaningful revenue opportunities. 

If we do not consistently meet our product development schedules, our operating results will be adversely affected. 

Our business is highly seasonal, with the highest levels of consumer demand and a significant percentage of our sales occurring in the December quarter.
In addition, we seek to release many of our products in conjunction with specific events, such as the release of a related movie or the beginning of a sports season or major sporting event. If we miss these key selling periods for any reason,
including product delays or delayed introduction of a new platform for which we have developed products, our sales will suffer disproportionately. Likewise, if a key event to which our product release schedule is tied were to be delayed or
cancelled, our sales would also suffer disproportionately. Our ability to meet product development schedules is affected by a number of factors, including the creative processes involved, the coordination of large and sometimes geographically
dispersed development teams required by the increasing complexity of our products and the platforms for which they are developed, and the need to fine-tune our products prior to their release. We have experienced development delays for our products
in the past, which caused us to push back release dates. In the future, any failure to meet anticipated production or release schedules would likely result in a delay of revenue and/or possibly a significant shortfall in our revenue, increase our
development expense, harm our profitability, and cause our operating results to be materially different than anticipated. 

Our business is
intensely competitive and “hit” driven. If we do not deliver “hit” products and services or if consumers prefer our competitors’ products or services over our own, our operating results could suffer. 

Competition in our industry is intense and we expect new competitors to continue to emerge in the United States and abroad. While many new products and
services are regularly introduced, only a relatively small number of “hit” titles accounts for a significant portion of total revenue in our industry. We find that driving “hit” titles often requires large marketing budgets and
media spend. We may not recover the investments that we make in marketing and advertising on certain products and that could harm our profitability. Hit products or services offered by our competitors may take a larger share of consumer spending
than we anticipate, which could cause revenue generated from our products and services to fall below expectations. If our competitors develop and market more successful products or services, offer competitive products or services at lower price
points or based 

15 

Table of Contents

on payment models perceived as offering a better value proposition (such as pay-for-play or subscription-based models), or if we do not continue to develop consistently high-quality and
well-received products and services, our revenue, margins, and profitability will decline. 

Our adoption of new business models could fail
to produce our desired financial returns 

We are actively seeking to monetize the game properties that we publish through a variety of new
platforms and business models, including online distribution, micro-transactions, and subscription services. Forecasting our revenues and profitability for these new business models is inherently uncertain and volatile. Our actual revenues and
profits for these businesses may be significantly greater or less than our forecasts. Additionally, these new business models could fail for one or more of our titles, resulting in the loss of our investment in the development and infrastructure
needed to support these new business models, and the opportunity cost of diverting management and financial resources away from more successful businesses. 

If our marketing and advertising efforts fail to resonate with our customers, our business and operating results could be adversely affected. 

Our products are marketed worldwide through a diverse spectrum of advertising and promotional programs such as television and online
advertising, print advertising, retail merchandising, website development and event sponsorship. Our ability to sell our products and services is dependent in part upon the success of these programs. If the marketing for our products and services
fail to resonate with our customers, particularly during the critical holiday season or during other key selling periods, or if advertising rates or other media placement costs increase, these factors could have a material adverse impact on our
business and operating results. 

Uncertainty and adverse changes in the economy could have a material adverse impact on our business and
operating results. 

As a result of the national and global economic downturn, overall consumer spending has declined and retailers
globally have taken a more conservative stance in ordering game inventory. The decrease in discretionary consumer spending contributed to the decline in the demand for our products during the 2009 holiday selling season. Continued economic distress,
which may result in a further decrease in demand for our products, particularly during key product launch windows, could have a material adverse impact on our operating results and financial condition. Uncertainty and adverse changes in the
economy could also increase the risk of material losses on our investments, increase costs associated with developing and publishing our products, increase the cost and decrease the availability of sources of financing, and increase our exposure to
material losses from bad debts, any of which could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition and operating results. If we experience further deterioration in our market capitalization or our financial performance, we could be
required to recognize significant impairment charges in future periods. 

Our business is subject to currency fluctuations. 

International sales are a fundamental part of our business. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010, international net revenue comprised 45 percent
of our total net revenue. We expect international sales to continue to account for a significant portion of our total net revenue. Such sales may be subject to unexpected regulatory requirements, tariffs and other barriers. Additionally, foreign
sales are primarily made in local currencies, which may fluctuate against the U.S. dollar. In addition, our foreign investments and our cash and cash equivalents denominated in foreign currencies are subject to currency fluctuations. We use foreign
currency forward contracts to mitigate some foreign currency risk associated with foreign currency denominated monetary assets and liabilities (primarily certain intercompany receivables and payables) to a limited extent and foreign currency option
contracts to hedge foreign currency forecasted transactions (primarily related to a portion of the revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currency generated by our operational subsidiaries). However, these activities are limited in the
protection they provide us from foreign currency fluctuations and can themselves result in losses. The disruption in the global financial markets has also impacted many of the financial institutions with which we do business. A sustained decline in
the financial stability of financial institutions as a result of the disruption in the financial markets could negatively impact our treasury operations, including our ability to 

16 

Table of Contents

secure credit-worthy counterparties for our foreign currency hedging programs. Accordingly, our results of operations, including our reported net revenue, operating expenses and net income, and
financial condition can be adversely affected by unfavorable foreign currency fluctuations, especially the Euro, British pound sterling and Canadian dollar. 

Volatility in the capital markets may adversely impact the value of our investments and could cause us to recognize significant impairment charges in
our operating results. 

Our portfolio of short-term investments and marketable equity securities is subject to volatility in the capital
markets and to national and international economic conditions. In particular, our international investments can be subject to fluctuations in foreign currency and our short-term investments are susceptible to changes in short-term interest rates.
These investments are also impacted by declines in value attributable to the credit-worthiness of the issuer. From time to time, we may liquidate some or all of our short-term investments or marketable equity securities to fund operational needs or
other activities, such as capital expenditures, strategic investments or business acquisitions, or for other purposes. If we were to liquidate these short-term investments at a time when they were worth less than what we had originally purchased
them for, or if the obligor were unable to pay the full amount at maturity, we could incur a significant loss. Similarly, we hold marketable equity securities, which have been and may continue to be adversely impacted by price and trading volume
volatility in the public stock markets. We could be required to recognize impairment charges on the securities held by us and/or we may realize losses on the sale of these securities, all of which could have an adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010, we recognized impairment charges of $26 million on our investment in The9. 

The majority of our sales are made to a relatively small number of key customers. If these customers reduce their purchases of our products or become
unable to pay for them, our business could be harmed. 

During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010, approximately 75 percent of our
North American sales were made to our top ten customers. In Europe, our top ten customers accounted for approximately 48 percent of our sales in that territory during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010. Worldwide, we had direct sales to two
customers, GameStop Corp. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc., which represented approximately 16 percent and 12 percent, respectively, of total net revenue for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2010. As a result of the economic downturn, retailers globally
continue to take a more conservative stance in ordering game inventory. Though our products are available to consumers through a variety of retailers, the concentration of our sales in one, or a few, large customers could lead to a short-term
disruption in our sales if one or more of these customers significantly reduced their purchases or ceased to carry our products, and could make us more vulnerable to collection risk if one or more of these large customers became unable to pay for
our products or declared bankruptcy. Additionally, our receivables from these large customers increase significantly in the December quarter as they make purchases in anticipation of the holiday selling season. Also, having such a large portion of
our total net revenue concentrated in a few customers could reduce our negotiating leverage with these customers. If one or more of our key customers experience deterioration in their business, or become unable to obtain sufficient financing to
maintain their operations, our business could be harmed. 

Sales of used video game products could lower our sales of new video games. 

Certain of our retail customers sell used video games. Used video game sales have been growing in North America, and are emerging in Europe.
Used video games are generally priced lower than new video games and the margins on used games sales are generally greater for retailers than the margins on new game sales. We do not receive revenue from used video game sales. Sales of used video
games may negatively impact our sales and profitability, and may continue to do so, to a greater or lesser extent, in the future. 

Our
industry is cyclical, driven by the periodic introduction of new video game hardware systems. As we continue to move through the current cycle, our industry growth may slow down and as a result, our operating results may be difficult to predict.

Video game hardware systems have historically had a life cycle of four to six years, which causes the video game software market to be
cyclical as well. The current cycle began with Microsoft’s launch of the Xbox 360 in 2005, 

17 

Table of Contents

and continued in 2006 when Sony and Nintendo launched their next-generation systems, the PLAYSTATION 3 and the Wii, respectively. Sales of software designed for these hardware systems represent
the majority of our revenue, so our growth and success is highly correlated to sales of video game hardware systems. While there are indications that this current cycle may be extended longer than prior cycles — in part, due to the growth of
online services and content, the greater graphic and processing power of the current generation hardware, and the introduction of new peripherals — growth in the installed base of the current generation of video game systems is likely to slow
down in the coming years. This slow-down in sales of video game players may cause a corresponding slow-down in the growth of sales of video game software, which could significantly affect our operating results. 

Technology changes rapidly in our business and if we fail to anticipate or successfully implement new technologies in our games, the quality,
timeliness and competitiveness of our products and services will suffer. 

Rapid technology changes in our industry require us to
anticipate, sometimes years in advance, which technologies we must implement and take advantage of in order to make our products and services competitive in the market. Therefore, we usually start our product development with a range of technical
development goals that we hope to be able to achieve. We may not be able to achieve these goals, or our competition may be able to achieve them more quickly and effectively than we can. In either case, our products and services may be
technologically inferior to our competitors’, less appealing to consumers, or both. If we cannot achieve our technology goals within the original development schedule of our products and services, then we may delay their release until these
technology goals can be achieved, which may delay or reduce revenue and increase our development expenses. Alternatively, we may increase the resources employed in research and development in an attempt to accelerate our development of new
technologies, either to preserve our product or service launch schedule or to keep up with our competition, which would increase our development expenses. 

The video game hardware manufacturers are among our chief competitors and frequently control the manufacturing of and/or access to our video game
products. If they do not approve our products, we will be unable to ship to our customers. 

Our agreements with hardware licensors (such
as Sony for the PLAYSTATION 3, Microsoft for the Xbox 360, and Nintendo for the Wii) typically give significant control to the licensor over the approval and manufacturing of our products, which could, in certain circumstances, leave us unable to
get our products approved, manufactured and shipped to customers. These hardware licensors are also among our chief competitors. Generally, control of the approval and manufacturing process by the hardware licensors increases both our manufacturing
lead times and costs as compared to those we can achieve independently. While we believe that our relationships with our hardware licensors are currently good, the potential for these licensors to delay or refuse to approve or manufacture our
products exists. Such occurrences would harm our business and our financial performance. 

We also require compatibility code and the consent
of Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo in order to include online capabilities in our products for their respective platforms and to digitally distribute our products through their proprietary networks. As online capabilities for video game systems become
more significant, Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo could restrict the manner in which we provide online capabilities for our products. They may also restrict the number of products that we may distribute digitally on their networks. If Sony, Microsoft
or Nintendo refuse to approve our products with online capabilities, restrict our digital download offerings on their proprietary networks, or significantly impact the financial terms on which these services are offered to our customers, our
business could be harmed. 

The video game hardware manufacturers set the royalty rates and other fees that we must pay to publish games for
their platforms, and therefore have significant influence on our costs. If one or more of these manufacturers change their fee structure, our profitability will be materially impacted. 

In order to publish products for a video game system such as the Xbox 360, PLAYSTATION 3 or Wii, we must take a license from Microsoft, Sony and
Nintendo, respectively, which gives these companies the opportunity to 

18 

Table of Contents

set the fee structure that we must pay in order to publish games for that platform. Similarly, these companies have retained the flexibility to change their fee structures, or adopt different fee
structures for online purchases of games, online gameplay and other new features for their consoles. The control that hardware manufacturers have over the fee structures for their platforms and online access could adversely impact our costs,
profitability and margins. Because publishing products for video game systems is the largest portion of our business, any increase in fee structures would significantly harm our ability to generate profits. 

If we are unable to maintain or acquire licenses to include intellectual property owned by others in our games, or to maintain or acquire the rights
to publish or distribute games developed by others, we will sell fewer hit titles and our revenue, profitability and cash flows will decline. Competition for these licenses may make them more expensive and reduce our profitability. 

Many of our products are based on or incorporate intellectual property owned by others. For example, our EA SPORTS products include rights licensed from
major sports leagues and players’ associations. Similarly, many of our other hit franchises, such as Harry Potter, are based on key film and literary licenses and our Hasbro products are based on a license for these key toy and game properties.
In addition, some of our most successful products in fiscal years 2009 and 2010, the Rock Band and Left 4 Dead series, were products for which we have distribution rights. Competition for these licenses and rights is intense. If we are unable to
maintain these licenses and rights or obtain additional licenses or rights with significant commercial value, our revenues, profitability and cash flows will decline significantly. Competition for these licenses may also drive up the advances,
guarantees and royalties that we must pay to licensors and developers, which could significantly increase our costs and reduce our profitability. 

Our business is subject to risks generally associated with the entertainment industry, any of which could significantly harm our operating results.

Our business is subject to risks that are generally associated with the entertainment industry, many of which are beyond our control.
These risks could negatively impact our operating results and include: the popularity, price and timing of our games and the platforms on which they are played; economic conditions that adversely affect discretionary consumer spending; changes in
consumer demographics; the availability and popularity of other forms of entertainment; and critical reviews and public tastes and preferences, which may change rapidly and cannot necessarily be predicted. 

If we do not continue to attract and retain key personnel, we will be unable to effectively conduct our business. 

The market for technical, creative, marketing and other personnel essential to the development and marketing of our products and management of our
businesses is extremely competitive. Our leading position within the interactive entertainment industry makes us a prime target for recruiting of executives and key creative talent. If we cannot successfully recruit and retain the employees we need,
or replace key employees following their departure, our ability to develop and manage our business will be impaired. 

Acquisitions,
investments and other strategic transactions could result in operating difficulties, dilution to our investors and other negative consequences. 

We have engaged in, evaluated, and expect to continue to engage in and evaluate, a wide array of potential strategic transactions, including
(1) acquisitions of companies, businesses, intellectual properties, and other assets, (2) minority investments in strategic partners, and (3) investments in new interactive entertainment businesses (for example, online and mobile
games). Any of these strategic transactions could be material to our financial condition and results of operations. Although we regularly search for opportunities to engage in strategic transactions, we may not be successful in identifying suitable
opportunities. We may not be able to consummate potential acquisitions or investments or an acquisition or investment we do consummate may not enhance our business or may decrease rather than increase our earnings. The process of acquiring and
integrating a company or business, or successfully exploiting acquired intellectual property or other assets, could divert a 

19 

Table of Contents

significant amount of resources, as well as our management’s time and focus and may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, particularly for a large acquisition.
Additional risks and variations of the foregoing risks we face include: 

•

 The need to implement or remediate controls, procedures and policies appropriate for a public company in an acquired company that, prior to the
acquisition, lacked these controls, procedures and policies, 

•

 Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from an acquired company or business into our organization, 

•

 Retaining key employees and maintaining the key business and customer relationships of the businesses we acquire, 

•

 The need to integrate an acquired company’s accounting, management information, human resource and other administrative systems to permit
effective management and timely reporting, 

•

 The possibility that we will not discover important facts during due diligence that could have a material adverse impact on the value of the businesses
we acquire, 

•

 Potential impairment charges incurred to write down the carrying amount of intangible assets generated as a result of an acquisition,

•

 Litigation or other claims in connection with, or inheritance of claims or litigation risks as a result of, an acquisition, including claims from
terminated employees, customers or other third parties, 

•

 Significant accounting charges resulting from the completion and integration of a sizeable acquisition and increased capital expenditures,

•

 Significant acquisition-related accounting adjustments, particularly relating to an acquired company’s deferred revenue, that may cause reported
revenue and profits of the combined company to be lower than the sum of their stand-alone revenue and profits, 

•

 The possibility that the combined company would not achieve the expected benefits, including any anticipated operating and product synergies, of the
acquisition as quickly as anticipated, 

•

 The possibility that the costs of, or operational difficulties arising from, an acquisition would be greater than anticipated,

•

 To the extent that we engage in strategic transactions outside of the United States, we face additional risks, including risks related to integration
of operations across different cultures and languages, currency risks and the particular economic, political and regulatory risks associated with specific countries, and 

•

 The possibility that a change of control of a company we acquire triggers a termination of contractual or intellectual property rights important to the
operation of its business. 

Future acquisitions and investments could also involve the issuance of our equity and
equity-linked securities (potentially diluting our existing stockholders), the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or amortization expenses, write-offs of goodwill, intangibles, or acquired in-process technology, or other increased cash and
non-cash expenses, such as stock-based compensation. Any of the foregoing factors could harm our financial condition or prevent us from achieving improvements in our financial condition and operating performance that could have otherwise been
achieved by us on a stand-alone basis. Our stockholders may not have the opportunity to review, vote on or evaluate future acquisitions or investments. 

We may be subject to claims of infringement of third-party intellectual property rights, which could harm our business. 

From time to time, third parties may assert claims against us relating to patents, copyrights, trademarks, personal publicity rights, or other
intellectual property rights to technologies, products or delivery/payment methods that are important to our business. Although we believe that we make reasonable efforts to ensure that our products do not violate the intellectual property rights of
others, it is possible that third parties still may claim 

20 

Table of Contents

infringement. For example, we may be subject to intellectual property infringement claims from certain individuals and companies who have acquired patent portfolios for the sole purpose of
asserting such claims against other companies. In addition, many of our products are highly realistic and feature materials that are based on real world examples, which may be the subject of intellectual property infringement claims of others. From
time to time, we receive communications from third parties regarding such claims. Existing or future infringement claims against us, whether valid or not, may be time consuming and expensive to defend. Such claims or litigations could require us to
pay damages and other costs, stop selling the affected products, redesign those products to avoid infringement, or obtain a license, all of which could be costly and harm our business. In addition, many patents have been issued that may apply to
potential new modes of delivering, playing or monetizing game software products and services, such as those that we produce or would like to offer in the future. We may discover that future opportunities to provide new and innovative modes of game
play and game delivery to consumers may be precluded by existing patents that we are unable to license on reasonable terms. 

From time to
time we may become involved in other legal proceedings, which could adversely affect us. 

We are currently, and from time to time in the
future may become, subject to legal proceedings, claims, litigation and government investigations or inquiries, which could be expensive, lengthy, and disruptive to normal business operations. In addition, the outcome of any legal proceedings,
claims, litigation, investigations or inquiries may be difficult to predict and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, or financial condition. 

Our business is subject to increasing regulation and the adoption of proposed legislation we oppose could negatively impact our business.

Legislation is continually being introduced in the United States at the local, state and federal levels for the establishment of
government mandated rating requirements or restrictions on distribution of entertainment software based on content. To date, most courts that have ruled on such legislation have ruled in a manner favorable to the interactive entertainment industry.
Other countries have adopted or are considering laws regulating or mandating ratings requirements on entertainment software content and certain foreign countries already allow government censorship of entertainment software products. Adoption of
government ratings system or restrictions on distribution of entertainment software based on content could harm our business by limiting the products we are able to offer to our customers and compliance with new and possibly inconsistent regulations
for different territories could be costly or delay the release of our products. 

As we increase the online delivery of our products and
services, we are subject to a number of foreign and domestic laws and regulations that affect companies conducting business on the Internet. In addition, laws and regulations relating to user privacy, data collection and retention, content,
advertising and information security have been adopted or are being considered for adoption by many countries throughout the world. The costs of compliance with these laws may increase in the future as a result of changes in interpretation.
Furthermore, any failure on our part to comply with these laws or the application of these laws in an unanticipated manner, may harm our business. 

Our products are subject to the threat of piracy and unauthorized copying. 

Entertainment software piracy is a persistent problem in our industry. The growth in peer-to-peer networks and other channels to download pirated copies
of our products, the increasing availability of broadband access to the internet and the proliferation of technology designed to circumvent the protection measures used with our products all have contributed to an expansion in piracy. Though we take
technical steps to make the unauthorized copying of our products more difficult, as do the manufacturers of consoles on which our games are played, these efforts may not be successful in controlling the piracy of our products. 

While legal protections exist to combat piracy, preventing and curbing infringement through enforcement of our intellectual property rights may be
difficult, costly and time consuming, particularly in countries where laws are less protective of intellectual property rights. Further, the scope of the legal protection of copyright and 

21 

Table of Contents

prohibitions against the circumvention of technological protection measures to protect copyrighted works are often under scrutiny by courts and governing bodies. The repeal or weakening of laws
intended to combat piracy, protect intellectual property and prohibit the circumvention of technological protection measures could make it more difficult for us to adequately protect against piracy. These factors could have a negative effect on our
growth and profitability in the future. 

If one or more of our titles were found to contain hidden, objectionable content, our business
could suffer. 

Throughout the history of our industry, many video games have been designed to include certain hidden content and gameplay
features that are accessible through the use of in-game cheat codes or other technological means that are intended to enhance the gameplay experience. However, in several cases, hidden content or features have been found to be included in other
publishers’ products by an employee who was not authorized to do so or by an outside developer without the knowledge of the publisher. From time to time, some hidden content and features have contained profanity, graphic violence and sexually
explicit or otherwise objectionable material. In a few cases, the Entertainment Software Ratings Board (“ESRB”) has reacted to discoveries of hidden content and features by reviewing the rating that was originally assigned to the product,
requiring the publisher to change the game packaging and/or fining the publisher. Retailers have on occasion reacted to the discovery of such hidden content by removing these games from their shelves, refusing to sell them, and demanding that their
publishers accept them as product returns. Likewise, consumers have reacted to the revelation of hidden content by refusing to purchase such games, demanding refunds for games they have already purchased, and refraining from buying other games
published by the company whose game contained the objectionable material. 

We have implemented preventative measures designed to reduce the
possibility of hidden, objectionable content from appearing in the video games we publish. Nonetheless, these preventative measures are subject to human error, circumvention, overriding, and reasonable resource constraints. In addition, to the
extent we acquire a company without similar controls in place, the possibility of hidden, objectionable content appearing in video games developed by that company but for which we are ultimately responsible could increase. If a video game we
published were found to contain hidden, objectionable content, the ESRB could demand that we recall a game and change its packaging to reflect a revised rating, retailers could refuse to sell it and demand we accept the return of any unsold copies
or returns from customers, and consumers could refuse to buy it or demand that we refund their money. This could have a material negative impact on our operating results and financial condition. In addition, our reputation could be harmed, which
could impact sales of other video games we sell. If any of these consequences were to occur, our business and financial performance could be significantly harmed. 

If we ship defective products, our operating results could suffer. 

Products such as ours are extremely complex software programs, and are difficult to develop, manufacture and distribute. We have quality controls in place
to detect defects in the software, media and packaging of our products before they are released. Nonetheless, these quality controls are subject to human error, overriding, and reasonable resource constraints. Therefore, these quality controls and
preventative measures may not be effective in detecting defects in our products before they have been reproduced and released into the marketplace. In such an event, we could be required to recall a product, or we may find it necessary to
voluntarily recall a product, and/or scrap defective inventory, which could significantly harm our business and operating results. 

Breaches of our security measures and unintended disclosures of our intellectual property or our customer data could adversely affect our business.

We take measures to prevent our source code and other confidential information from unauthorized access. A security breach that results
in the disclosure of our source code, other confidential assets, or pre-release software could lead to piracy of our software or otherwise compromise our product plans. When we conduct business online directly with consumers, we may be the victim of
fraudulent transactions, including credit card fraud, which presents a risk to our revenues and potentially disrupts service to our customers. As we increase our online businesses, we are also collecting and storing an increasing amount of customer
data, some of it personally identifiable information including credit card data. It is possible that our security controls over customer data 

22 

Table of Contents

may not prevent the improper disclosure of personally identifiable information. A security breach that leads to disclosure of customer account information (including personally identifiable
information) could harm our reputation and subject us to liability under laws that protect personal data, resulting in increased costs or loss of revenue. A resulting perception that our products or services do not adequately protect the privacy of
personal information could result in a loss of current or potential customers for our online offerings that require the collection of customer data. 

We may experience outages and disruptions of our online services if we fail to maintain adequate operational services and supporting
infrastructure.

As we increase our online products and services, we expect to continue to invest in technology services, hardware and
software, including data centers, network services, storage and database technologies, to support existing services and to introduce new products and services including websites, ecommerce capabilities, online game communities and online game play
services. Creating the appropriate support for online business initiatives is expensive and complex, and could result in inefficiencies or operational failures, and increased vulnerability to cyber attacks, which could diminish the quality of our
products, services, and user experience. Such failures could result in damage to our reputation and loss of current and potential users, subscribers, and advertisers which could harm our business. 

Changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax liabilities could adversely affect our earnings and financial condition. 

We are subject to income taxes in the United States and in various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required in determining our worldwide
provision for income taxes, and, in the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. 

We are also required to estimate what our tax obligations will be in the future. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable, the estimation
process and applicable laws are inherently uncertain, and our estimates are not binding on tax authorities. The tax laws’ treatment of software and internet-based transactions is particularly uncertain and in some cases currently applicable tax
laws are ill-suited to address these kinds of transactions. Apart from an adverse resolution of these uncertainties, our effective tax rate also could be adversely affected by our profit level, by changes in our business or changes in our structure
resulting from the reorganization of our business and operating structure, changes in the mix of earnings in countries with differing statutory tax rates, changes in the elections we make, changes in applicable tax laws (in the United States or
foreign jurisdictions), or changes in the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, as well as other factors. In fiscal years 2009 and 2010, we recorded a valuation allowance against most of our U.S. deferred tax assets. We expect to provide a
valuation allowance on future U.S. tax benefits until we can sustain a level of profitability or until other significant positive evidence arises that suggest that these benefits are more likely than not to be realized. Further, our tax
determinations are regularly subject to audit by tax authorities and developments in those audits could adversely affect our income tax provision. Should our ultimate tax liability exceed our estimates, our income tax provision and net income or
loss could be materially affected. 

We incur certain tax expenses that do not decline proportionately with declines in our consolidated
pre-tax income or loss. As a result, in absolute dollar terms, our tax expense will have a greater influence on our effective tax rate at lower levels of pre-tax income or loss than at higher levels. In addition, at lower levels of pre-tax income or
loss, our effective tax rate will be more volatile. 

We are also required to pay taxes other than income taxes, such as payroll, sales, use,
value-added, net worth, property and goods and services taxes, in both the United States and foreign jurisdictions. We are regularly under examination by tax authorities with respect to these non-income taxes. There can be no assurance that the
outcomes from these examinations, changes in our business or changes in applicable tax rules will not have an adverse effect on our earnings and financial condition. 

Furthermore, as we expand our international operations, adopt new products and new distribution models, implement changes to our operating structure or
undertake intercompany transactions in light of changing tax 

23 

Table of Contents

laws, expiring rulings, acquisitions and our current and anticipated business and operational requirements, our tax expense could increase. 

Our reported financial results could be adversely affected by changes in financial accounting standards or by the application of existing or future
accounting standards to our business as it evolves. 

Our reported financial results are impacted by the accounting policies promulgated by
the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) and national accounting standards bodies and the methods, estimates, and judgments that we use in applying our accounting policies. Policies affecting software revenue recognition have and
could further significantly affect the way we account for revenue related to our products and services. We recognize all of the revenue from bundled sales (i.e., packaged goods video games that include an online service component) on a
deferred basis over an estimated online service period, which we generally estimate to be six months beginning in the month after shipment. As we increase our downloadable content and add new features to our online service, our estimate of the
online service period may change and we could be required to recognize revenue over a longer period of time. We expect that a significant portion of our games will be online-enabled in the future and we could be required to recognize the related
revenue over an extended period of time rather than at the time of sale. In addition, our adoption of Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”) Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) 805, 
Business Combinations, has
had a material impact on our Consolidated Financial Statements for material acquisitions consummated after March 28, 2009. As we enhance, expand and diversify our business and product offerings, the application of existing or future financial
accounting standards, particularly those relating to the way we account for revenue and taxes, could have a significant adverse effect on our reported results although not necessarily on our cash flows. 

We rely on business partners in many areas of our business and our business may be harmed if they are unable to honor their obligations to us. 

We rely on various business partners, including third-party service providers, vendors, licensing partners, development partners, and
licensees, among others, in many areas of our business. In many cases, these third parties are given access to sensitive and proprietary information in order to provide services and support to our teams. These third parties may misappropriate our
information and engage in unauthorized use of it. The failure of these third parties to provide adequate services and technologies, or the failure of the third parties to adequately maintain or update their services and technologies, could result in
a disruption to our business operations. Further, the disruption in the financial markets and the global economic downturn may adversely affect our business partners and they may not be able to continue honoring their obligations to us. Some of our
business partners are highly-leveraged or small businesses that may be particularly vulnerable in the current economic environment. Alternative arrangements and services may not be available to us on commercially reasonable terms or we may
experience business interruptions upon a transition to an alternative partner or vendor. If we lose one or more significant business partners, our business could be harmed. 

Our stock price has been volatile and may continue to fluctuate significantly. 

The market price of our common stock historically has been, and we expect will continue to be, subject to significant fluctuations. These fluctuations
may be due to factors specific to us (including those discussed in the risk factors above, as well as others not currently known to us or that we currently do not believe are material), to changes in securities analysts’ earnings estimates or
ratings, to our results or future financial guidance falling below our expectations and analysts’ and investors’ expectations, to factors affecting the entertainment, computer, software, Internet, media or electronics industries, to our
ability to successfully integrate any acquisitions we may make, or to national or international economic conditions. In particular, economic downturns may contribute to the public stock markets experiencing extreme price and trading volume
volatility. These broad market fluctuations have and could continue to adversely affect the market price of our common stock.