Our business is subject to many risks and uncertainties, which
may affect our future financial performance. If any of the
events or circumstances described below occurs, our business and
financial performance could be harmed, our actual results could
differ materially from our expectations and the market value of
our stock could decline. The risks and uncertainties discussed
below are not the only ones we face. There may be additional
risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we
currently do not believe are material that may harm our business
and financial performance.

Our business is highly dependent on the success, timely
release and availability of new video game platforms, on the
continued availability of existing video game platforms, as well
as our ability to develop commercially successful products for
these platforms.

We derive most of our revenue from the sale of products for play
on video game platforms manufactured by third parties, such as
Sony’s PlayStation 2 and Microsoft’s Xbox. The success
of our business is driven in large part by the availability of
an adequate supply of current-generation video game platforms,
the timely release, adequate supply, and success of new video
game hardware systems, our ability to accurately predict which
platforms will be most successful in the marketplace, and our
ability to develop commercially successful products for these
platforms. We must make product development decisions and commit
significant resources well in advance of the anticipated
introduction of a new platform. A new platform for which we are
developing products may be delayed, may not succeed or may have
a shorter life cycle than anticipated. If the platforms for
which we are developing products are not released when
anticipated, are not available in adequate amounts to meet
consumer demand, or do not attain wide

18

Table of Contents

market acceptance, our revenue will suffer, we may be unable to
fully recover the resources we have committed, and our financial
performance will be harmed.

Our industry is cyclical and is in the midst of a transition
period heading into the next cycle. During the transition, we
expect our costs to continue to increase, we may experience a
decline in sales as consumers anticipate and adopt
next-generation products and our operating results may suffer
and become more difficult to predict.

Video game platforms have historically had a life cycle of four
to six years, which causes the video game software market to be
cyclical as well. Sony’s PlayStation 2 was introduced in
2000 and Microsoft’s Xbox and the Nintendo GameCube were
introduced in 2001. Microsoft released the Xbox 360 in November
2005, and we expect Sony and Nintendo to introduce new video
game players into the market as well (so-called
“next-generation platforms”) in the coming months. As
a result, we believe that the interactive entertainment industry
is in the midst of a transition stage leading into the next
cycle. During this transition, we intend to continue developing
and marketing new titles for current-generation video game
platforms while we also make significant investments developing
products for the next-generation platforms. We have incurred and
expect to continue to incur increased costs during the
transition to next-generation platforms, which are not likely to
be offset in the near future. Moreover, we expect development
costs for next-generation video games to be greater on a
per-title basis than development costs for current-generation
video games.

We also expect that, as the current generation of platforms
reaches the end of its cycle and next-generation platforms are
introduced into the market, sales of video games for
current-generation platforms will continue to decline as
consumers replace their current-generation platforms with
next-generation platforms, or defer game software purchases
until they are able to purchase a next-generation platform. This
decline in current-generation product sales may not be offset by
increased sales of products for the new platforms. For example,
following the launch of Sony’s PlayStation 2 platform, we
experienced a significant decline in revenue from sales of
products for Sony’s older PlayStation game console, which
was not immediately offset by revenue generated from sales of
products for the PlayStation 2. More recently, we have seen a
sharp decrease in sales of titles for the Xbox following the
launch of the Xbox 360. In addition, during the transition, we
expect our operating results to be more volatile and difficult
to predict, which could cause our stock price to fluctuate
significantly.

We expect the average price of current-generation titles to
continue to decline.

As a result of the transition to next-generation platforms, a
more value-oriented consumer base, a greater number of
current-generation titles being published, and significant
pricing pressure from our competitors, we have experienced a
decrease in the average price of our titles for
current-generation platforms. As the interactive entertainment
industry continues to transition to next-generation platforms,
we expect few, if any, current-generation titles will be able to
command premium price points, and we expect that even these
titles will be subject to price reductions at an earlier point
in their sales cycle than we have seen in prior years. We expect
the average price of current-generation titles to continue to
decline, which will have a negative effect on our margins and
operating results.

Our platform licensors set the royalty rates and other fees
that we must pay to publish games for their platforms, and
therefore have significant influence on our costs. If one or
more of the platform licensors adopt a different fee structure
for future game consoles or we are unable to obtain such
licenses, our profitability will be materially impacted.

In November 2005, Microsoft released the Xbox 360 and, over the
course of the next twelve months, we expect Sony and Nintendo to
introduce new video game players into the market in various
parts of the world. In order to publish products for a new video
game player, we must take a license from the platform licensor,
which gives the platform licensor the opportunity to set the fee
structure that we must pay in order to publish games for that
platform.

Similarly, certain platform licensors have retained the
flexibility to change their fee structures for online gameplay
and features for their consoles. The control that platform
licensors have over the fee structures

19

Table of Contents

for their future platforms and online access makes it difficult
for us to predict our costs and profitability in the medium to
long term. It is also possible that platform licensors may
choose not to renew our licenses. Because publishing products
for video game consoles is the largest portion of our business,
any increase in fee structures or failure to secure a license
relationship would significantly harm our ability to generate
revenues and/or profits.

If we do not consistently meet our product development
schedules, our operating results will be adversely affected.

Our business is highly seasonal, with the highest levels of
consumer demand and a significant percentage of our revenue
occurring in the December quarter. In addition, we seek to
release many of our products in conjunction with specific
events, such as the release of a related movie or the beginning
of a sports season or major sporting event. If we miss these key
selling periods for any reason, including product delays or
delayed introduction of a new platform for which we have
developed products, our sales will suffer disproportionately.
Likewise, if a key event to which our product release schedule
is tied were to be delayed or cancelled, our sales would also
suffer disproportionately. Our ability to meet product
development schedules is affected by a number of factors,
including the creative processes involved, the coordination of
large and sometimes geographically dispersed development teams
required by the increasing complexity of our products, and the
need to fine-tune our products prior to their release. We have
experienced development delays for our products in the past,
which caused us to push back release dates. In the future, any
failure to meet anticipated production or release schedules
would likely result in a delay of revenue or possibly a
significant shortfall in our revenue, harm our profitability,
and cause our operating results to be materially different than
anticipated.

Our business is subject to risks generally associated with
the entertainment industry, any of which could significantly
harm our operating results.

Our business is subject to risks that are generally associated
with the entertainment industry, many of which are beyond our
control. These risks could negatively impact our operating
results and include: the popularity, price and timing of our
games and the platforms on which they are played; economic
conditions that adversely affect discretionary consumer
spending; changes in consumer demographics; the availability and
popularity of other forms of entertainment; and critical reviews
and public tastes and preferences, which may change rapidly and
cannot necessarily be predicted.

Technology changes rapidly in our business and if we fail to
anticipate or successfully implement new technologies or the
manner in which people play our games, the quality, timeliness
and competitiveness of our products and services will suffer.

Rapid technology changes in our industry require us to
anticipate, sometimes years in advance, which technologies we
must implement and take advantage of in order to make our
products and services competitive in the market. Therefore, we
usually start our product development with a range of technical
development goals that we hope to be able to achieve. We may not
be able to achieve these goals, or our competition may be able
to achieve them more quickly and effectively than we can. In
either case, our products and services may be technologically
inferior to our competitors’, less appealing to consumers,
or both. If we cannot achieve our technology goals within the
original development schedule of our products and services, then
we may delay their release until these technology goals can be
achieved, which may delay or reduce revenue and increase our
development expenses. Alternatively, we may increase the
resources employed in research and development in an attempt to
accelerate our development of new technologies, either to
preserve our product or service launch schedule or to keep up
with our competition, which would increase our development
expenses.

Our business is intensely competitive and “hit”
driven. If we do not continue to deliver “hit”
products and services or if consumers prefer our
competitors’ products or services over our own, our
operating results could suffer.

Competition in our industry is intense and we expect new
competitors to continue to emerge in the United States and
abroad. While many new products and services are regularly
introduced, only a relatively small

20

Table of Contents

number of “hit” titles accounts for a significant
portion of total revenue in our industry. Hit products or
services offered by our competitors may take a larger share of
consumer spending than we anticipate, which could cause revenue
generated from our products and services to fall below
expectations. If our competitors develop more successful
products or services, offer competitive products or services at
lower price points or based on payment models perceived as
offering a better value proposition (such as pay-for-play or
subscription-based models), or if we do not continue to develop
consistently high-quality and well-received products and
services, our revenue, margins, and profitability will decline.

If we are unable to maintain or acquire licenses to
intellectual property, we will publish fewer hit titles and our
revenue, profitability and cash flows will decline. Competition
for these licenses may make them more expensive and increase our
costs.

Many of our products are based on or incorporate intellectual
property owned by others. For example, our EA SPORTS products
include rights licensed from major sports leagues and
players’ associations. Similarly, many of our other hit
franchises, such as The Godfather, Harry Potter and Lord of the
Rings, are based on key film and literary licenses. Competition
for these licenses is intense. If we are unable to maintain
these licenses or obtain additional licenses with significant
commercial value, our revenues and profitability will decline
significantly. Competition for these licenses may also drive up
the advances, guarantees and royalties that we must pay to the
licensor, which could significantly increase our costs.

If patent claims continue to be asserted against us, we may
be unable to sustain our current business models or profits, or
we may be precluded from pursuing new business opportunities in
the future.

Many patents have been issued that may apply to widely-used game
technologies, or to potential new modes of delivering, playing
or monetizing game software products. For example, infringement
claims under many issued patents are now being asserted against
interactive software or online game sites. Several such claims
have been asserted against us. We incur substantial expenses in
evaluating and defending against such claims, regardless of the
merits of the claims. In the event that there is a determination
that we have infringed a third-party patent, we could incur
significant monetary liability and be prevented from using the
rights in the future, which could negatively impact our
operating results. We may also discover that future
opportunities to provide new and innovative modes of game play
and game delivery to consumers may be precluded by existing
patents that we are unable to license on reasonable terms.

Other intellectual property claims may increase our product
costs or require us to cease selling affected products.

Many of our products include extremely realistic graphical
images, and we expect that as technology continues to advance,
images will become even more realistic. Some of the images and
other content are based on real-world examples that may
inadvertently infringe upon the intellectual property rights of
others. Although we believe that we make reasonable efforts to
ensure that our products do not violate the intellectual
property rights of others, it is possible that third parties
still may claim infringement. From time to time, we receive
communications from third parties regarding such claims.
Existing or future infringement claims against us, whether valid
or not, may be time consuming and expensive to defend. Such
claims or litigations could require us to stop selling the
affected products, redesign those products to avoid
infringement, or obtain a license, all of which would be costly
and harm our business.

From time to time we may become involved in other litigation
which could adversely affect us.

We are currently, and from time to time in the future may
become, subject to other claims and litigation, which could be
expensive, lengthy, and disruptive to normal business
operations. In addition, the outcome of any claims or litigation
may be difficult to predict and could have a material adverse
effect on our business, operating results, or financial
condition. For further information regarding certain claims and
litigation in which we are currently involved, see
“Part I — Item 3. Legal
Proceedings” below.

21

Table of Contents

Our business, our products and our distribution are subject
to increasing regulation of content, consumer privacy,
distribution and online hosting and delivery in the key
territories in which we conduct business. If we do not
successfully respond to these regulations, our business may
suffer.

Legislation is continually being introduced that may affect both
the content of our products and their distribution. For example,
data protection laws in the United States and Europe impose
various restrictions on our web sites. Those rules vary by
territory although the Internet recognizes no geographical
boundaries. Other countries, such as Germany, have adopted laws
regulating content both in packaged games and those transmitted
over the Internet that are stricter than current United States
laws. In the United States, the federal and several state
governments are continually considering content restrictions on
products such as ours, as well as restrictions on distribution
of such products. For example, recent legislation has been
adopted in several states, and could be proposed at the federal
level, that prohibits the sale of certain games (e.g., violent
games or those with “M (Mature)” or “AO (Adults
Only)” ratings) to minors. Any one or more of these factors
could harm our business by limiting the products we are able to
offer to our customers, by limiting the size of the potential
market for our products, and by requiring additional
differentiation between products for different territories to
address varying regulations. This additional product
differentiation could be costly.

If one or more of our titles were found to contain hidden,
objectionable content, our business could suffer.

Throughout the history of our industry, many video games have
been designed to include certain hidden content and gameplay
features that are accessible through the use of in-game cheat
codes or other technological means that are intended to enhance
the gameplay experience. However, in several cases, the hidden
content or feature was included in the game by an employee who
was not authorized to do so or by an outside developer without
the knowledge of the publisher. From time to time, some hidden
content and features have contained profanity, graphic violence
and sexually explicit or otherwise objectionable material. In a
few cases, the Entertainment Software Ratings Board
(“ESRB”) has reacted to discoveries of hidden content
and features by reviewing the rating that was originally
assigned to the product, requiring the publisher to change the
game packaging and/or fining the publisher. Retailers have on
occasion reacted to the discovery of such hidden content by
removing these games from their shelves, refusing to sell them,
and demanding that their publishers accept them as product
returns. Likewise, consumers have reacted to the revelation of
hidden content by refusing to purchase such games, demanding
refunds for games they’ve already purchased, and refraining
from buying other games published by the company whose game
contained the objectionable material.

We have implemented preventative measures designed to reduce the
possibility of hidden, objectionable content from appearing in
the video games we publish. Nonetheless, these preventative
measures are subject to human error, circumvention, overriding,
and reasonable resource constraints. If a video game we
published were found to contain hidden, objectionable content,
the ESRB could demand that we recall a game and change its
packaging to reflect a revised rating, retailers could refuse to
sell it and demand we accept the return of any unsold copies or
returns from customers, and consumers could refuse to buy it or
demand that we refund their money. This could have a material
negative impact on our operating results and financial
condition. In addition, our reputation could be harmed, which
could impact sales of other video games we sell. If any of these
consequences were to occur, our business and financial
performance could be significantly harmed.

If we ship defective products, our operating results could
suffer.

Products such as ours are extremely complex software programs,
and are difficult to develop, manufacture and distribute. We
have quality controls in place to detect defects in the
software, media and packaging of our products before they are
released. Nonetheless, these quality controls are subject to
human error, overriding, and reasonable resource constraints.
Therefore, these quality controls and preventative measures may
not be effective in detecting defects in our products before
they have been reproduced and released into the marketplace. In
such an event, we could be required to recall a product, or we
may find it

22

Table of Contents

necessary to voluntarily recall a product, and/or scrap
defective inventory, which could significantly harm our business
and operating results.

If we do not continue to attract and retain key personnel, we
will be unable to effectively conduct our business. In addition,
compensation-related changes in accounting requirements, as well
as evolving legal and operational factors, could have a
significant impact on our expenses and operating results.

The market for technical, creative, marketing and other
personnel essential to the development and marketing of our
products and management of our businesses is extremely
competitive. Our leading position within the interactive
entertainment industry makes us a prime target for recruiting of
executives and key creative talent. If we cannot successfully
recruit and retain the employees we need, or replace key
employees following their departure, our ability to develop and
manage our businesses will be impaired.

We annually review and evaluate with the Compensation Committee
of our Board of Directors the compensation and benefits that we
offer our employees to ensure that we are able to attract and
retain our talent. Within our regular review, we have considered
recent changes in the accounting treatment of stock options, the
competitive market for technical, creative, marketing and other
personnel, and the evolving nature of job functions within our
studios, marketing organizations and other areas of the
business. Any changes we make to our compensation programs could
result in increased expenses and have a significant impact on
our operating results.

Our platform licensors are our chief competitors and
frequently control the manufacturing of and/or access to our
video game products. If they do not approve our products, we
will be unable to ship to our customers.

Our agreements with hardware licensors (such as Sony for the
PlayStation 2, Microsoft for the Xbox and Nintendo for the
Nintendo GameCube) typically give significant control to the
licensor over the approval and manufacturing of our products,
which could, in certain circumstances, leave us unable to get
our products approved, manufactured and shipped to customers.
These hardware licensors are also our chief competitors. In most
events, control of the approval and manufacturing process by the
platform licensors increases both our manufacturing lead times
and costs as compared to those we can achieve independently.
While we believe that our relationships with our hardware
licensors are currently good, the potential for these licensors
to delay or refuse to approve or manufacture our products
exists. Such occurrences would harm our business and our
financial performance.

We also require compatibility code and the consent of Microsoft
and Sony in order to include online capabilities in our products
for their respective platforms. As online capabilities for video
game platforms become more significant, Microsoft and Sony could
restrict our ability to provide online capabilities for our
console platform products. If Microsoft or Sony refused to
approve our products with online capabilities or significantly
impacted the financial terms on which these services are offered
to our customers, our business could be harmed.

Our international net revenue is subject to currency
fluctuations.

For the fiscal year ended March 31, 2006, international net
revenue comprised 46 percent of our total net revenue. We
expect foreign sales to continue to account for a significant
portion of our total net revenue. Such sales may be subject to
unexpected regulatory requirements, tariffs and other barriers.
Additionally, foreign sales are primarily made in local
currencies, which may fluctuate against the U.S. dollar.
While we utilize foreign exchange forward contracts to mitigate
some foreign currency risk associated with foreign currency
denominated assets and liabilities (primarily certain
intercompany receivables and payables) and, from time to time,
foreign currency option contracts to hedge foreign currency
forecasted transactions (primarily related to a portion of the
revenue and expenses denominated in foreign currency generated
by our operational subsidiaries), our results of operations,
including our reported net revenue and net income, and financial
condition would be adversely affected by unfavorable foreign
currency fluctuations, particularly the Euro, British pound
sterling and Canadian dollar.

23

Table of Contents

Changes in our tax rates or exposure to additional tax
liabilities could adversely affect our operating results and
financial condition.

We are subject to income taxes in the United States and in
various foreign jurisdictions. Significant judgment is required
in determining our worldwide provision for income taxes, and, in
the ordinary course of our business, there are many transactions
and calculations where the ultimate tax determination is
uncertain.

We are also required to estimate what our taxes will be in the
future. Although we believe our tax estimates are reasonable,
the estimate process and the applicable law are inherently
uncertain, and our estimates are not binding on tax authorities.
Our effective tax rate could be adversely affected by changes in
our business, including the mix of earnings in countries with
differing statutory tax rates, changes in the elections we make,
changes in applicable tax laws as well as other factors.
Further, our tax determinations are regularly subject to audit
by tax authorities and developments in those audits could
adversely affect our income tax provision. Should our ultimate
tax liability exceed our estimates, our income tax provision and
net income could be materially affected.

We incur certain tax expenses that do not decline
proportionately with declines in our consolidated income. As a
result, in absolute dollar terms, our tax expense will have a
greater influence on our effective tax rate at lower levels of
pre-tax income than higher levels. In addition, at lower levels
of pre-tax income, our effective tax rate will be more volatile.

We are also required to pay taxes other than income taxes, such
as payroll, sales, use, value-added, net worth, property and
goods and services taxes, in both the United States and various
foreign jurisdictions. We are regularly under examination by tax
authorities with respect to these non-income taxes. There can be
no assurance that the outcomes from these examinations, changes
in our business or changes in applicable tax rules will not have
an adverse effect on our operating results and financial
condition.

Changes in our worldwide operating structure could have
adverse tax consequences.

As we expand our international operations and implement changes
to our operating structure or undertake intercompany
transactions in light of changing tax laws, expiring rulings,
acquisitions and our current and anticipated business and
operational requirements, our tax expense could increase. For
example, in the second and fourth quarters of fiscal 2006, we
incurred additional income taxes resulting from certain
intercompany transactions.

In the fourth quarter of fiscal 2006, we repatriated
$375 million under the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004.
As a result, we recorded an additional one-time tax expense in
fiscal 2006 of $17 million.

Beginning in fiscal year 2007, we will recognize expense for
stock-based compensation related to our employee equity
compensation and employee stock purchase programs. The
recognition of this expense will significantly lower our
reported net income (or increase our reported net loss).

On April 2, 2006, the first day of our current fiscal year,
we adopted Statement of Financial Accounting Standard
No. 123 (revised 2004)
(“SFAS No. 123R”), “Share-Based
Payment”, which requires us to recognize compensation
expense for all stock-based compensation based on estimated fair
values. As a result, beginning with our first quarter of fiscal
2007, our operating results will contain a charge for
stock-based compensation related to the equity-based
compensation we provide to our employees, as well as stock
purchases under our 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan. This
expense will be in addition to the stock-based compensation
expense we have recognized in prior periods related to
restricted stock unit grants, acquisitions and other grants. The
stock-based compensation charges we incur will depend on the
number of equity-based awards we grant, the number of shares of
common stock we sell under our 2000 Employee Stock Purchase
Plan, as well as a number of estimates and variables such as
estimated forfeiture rates, the trading price and volatility of
our common stock, the expected term of our options, and interest
rates. As a result, our stock-based compensation charges can
vary significantly from period to period. Going forward, our
adoption of SFAS No. 123R will significantly lower our
reported net income

24

Table of Contents

(or increase our reported net loss), which could have an adverse
impact on the trading price of our common stock.

Our reported financial results could be adversely affected by
changes in financial accounting standards or by the application
of existing or future accounting standards to our business as it
evolves.

As a result of the enactment of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the
review of accounting policies by the SEC and national and
international accounting standards bodies, the frequency of
accounting policy changes may accelerate. For example,
accounting policies affecting software revenue recognition have
been the subject of frequent interpretations, which could
significantly affect the way we account for revenue related to
our products. In addition, the rules for tax accounting are in
the process of being changed. As we enhance, expand and
diversify our business and product offerings, the application of
existing or future financial accounting standards, particularly
those relating to the way we account for revenue and taxes,
could have a significant adverse effect on our reported results
although not necessarily on our cash flows. It is likely that,
as the industry transitions to the next generation of consoles,
a more significant portion of our business could be generated
through online services and, as a result, we would recognize the
related revenue over an extended period of time rather than up
front and all at once.

The majority of our sales are made to a relatively small
number of key customers. If these customers reduce their
purchases of our products or become unable to pay for them, our
business could be harmed.

Over 70 percent of our U.S. sales were made to five
key customers during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2006.
In Europe, our top ten customers accounted for approximately
32 percent of our sales in that territory during the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2006. Worldwide, we had direct sales
to one customer, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., which represented
approximately 13 percent of total net revenue in the fiscal
year ended March 31, 2006. In addition, we believe it
likely that, had GameStop Corp.’s acquisition of
Electronics Boutique Holdings Corp. occurred on April 1,
2005, the combined company would have represented greater than
10 percent of total net revenue for the fiscal year ended
March 31, 2006. Though our products are available to
consumers through a variety of retailers, the concentration of
our sales in one, or a few, large customers could lead to a
short-term disruption in our sales if one or more of these
customers significantly reduced their purchases or ceased to
carry our products, and could make us more vulnerable to
collection risk if one or more of these large customers became
unable to pay for our products. Additionally, our receivables
from these large customers increase significantly in the
December quarter as they stock up for the holiday selling
season. Also, having such a large portion of our total net
revenue concentrated in a few customers reduces our negotiating
leverage with these customers.

Acquisitions, investments and other strategic transactions
could result in operating difficulties, dilution to our
investors and other negative consequences.

We have engaged in, evaluated, and expect to continue to engage
in and evaluate, a wide array of potential strategic
transactions, including (i) acquisitions of companies,
businesses, intellectual properties, and other assets, and
(ii) investments in new interactive entertainment
businesses (for example, online and mobile games). Any of these
strategic transactions could be material to our financial
condition and results of operations. Although we regularly
search for opportunities to engage in strategic transactions, we
may not be successful in identifying suitable opportunities. We
may not be able to consummate potential acquisitions or
investments or an acquisition or investment may not enhance our
business or may decrease rather than increase our earnings. In
addition, the process of integrating an acquired company or
business, or successfully exploiting acquired intellectual
property or other assets, could divert a significant amount of
our management’s time and focus and may create unforeseen
operating difficulties and expenditures. Additional risks we
face include:

           •  

 The need to implement or remediate controls, procedures and
 policies appropriate for a public company in an acquired company
 that, prior to the acquisition, lacked these controls,
 procedures and policies,

           •  

 Cultural challenges associated with integrating employees from
 an acquired company or business into our organization,

25

Table of Contents

           •  

 Retaining key employees from the businesses we acquire,

           •  

 The need to integrate an acquired company’s accounting,
 management information, human resource and other administrative
 systems to permit effective management, and

           •  

 To the extent that we engage in strategic transactions outside
 of the United States, we face additional risks, including risks
 related to integration of operations across different cultures
 and languages, currency risks and the particular economic,
 political and regulatory risks associated with specific
 countries.

Future acquisitions and investments could involve the issuance
of our equity securities, potentially diluting our existing
stockholders, the incurrence of debt, contingent liabilities or
amortization expenses, write-offs of goodwill, intangibles, or
acquired in-process technology, or other increased expenses, any
of which could harm our financial condition. Our stockholders
may not have the opportunity to review, vote on or evaluate
future acquisitions or investments.

Our products are subject to the threat of piracy by a variety
of organizations and individuals. If we are not successful in
combating and preventing piracy, our sales and profitability
could be harmed significantly.

In many countries around the world, more pirated copies of our
products are sold than legitimate copies. Though we believe
piracy has not had a material impact on our operating results to
date, highly organized pirate operations have been expanding
globally. In addition, the proliferation of technology designed
to circumvent the protection measures we use in our products,
the availability of broadband access to the Internet, the
ability to download pirated copies of our games from various
Internet sites, and the widespread proliferation of Internet
cafes using pirated copies of our products, all have contributed
to ongoing and expanding piracy. Though we take steps to make
the unauthorized copying and distribution of our products more
difficult, as do the manufacturers of consoles on which our
games are played, neither our efforts nor those of the console
manufacturers may be successful in controlling the piracy of our
products. This could have a negative effect on our growth and
profitability in the future.

Our stock price has been volatile and may continue to
fluctuate significantly.

The market price of our common stock historically has been, and
we expect will continue to be, subject to significant
fluctuations. These fluctuations may be due to factors specific
to us (including those discussed in the risk factors above as
well as others not currently known to us or that we currently do
not believe are material), to changes in securities
analysts’ earnings estimates or ratings, to our results or
future financial guidance falling below the expectations of
analysts and investors, to factors affecting the computer,
software, Internet, entertainment, media or electronics
industries, or to national or international economic conditions.

26

Table of Contents