.

The following are important
factors which could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual
results for future periods to differ materially from our anticipated results or
other expectations, including those expressed in any forward-looking statements
made in this Form 10-K. See the section entitled Forward-Looking
Statements located on page 2 of this Form 10-K.

We may also refer to this
disclosure to identify factors that may cause results to differ from those
expressed in other forward-looking statements made in oral presentations,
including telephone conference and/or webcasts open to the public.

Except as may be required
under applicable law, we undertake no duty to update our Forward-Looking
Statements.

Our results depend upon the
continued vitality of the markets we serve: 

Economic downturns, and in particular downturns in the foodservice,
hospitality, travel, health care and food processing industries, can adversely
impact our end-users who are sensitive to changes in travel and dining activities.
During such downturns, these end-users typically reduce their volume of
purchases of cleaning, hygiene and appearance products, which would likely in
turn have an adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations,
financial condition, or cash
flows.

Our growth depends upon our
ability to successfully compete with respect to value, product offerings and
customer support:

Our competitive market is made up of numerous national,
regional and local competitors. Our ability to compete depends in part upon our
ability to maintain a superior technological capability and to continue to
identify, develop and commercialize innovative, high value-added products for
niche applications. There can be no assurance that we will be able to
accomplish this or that technological developments by our competitors will not
place certain of our products at a competitive disadvantage in the future. In
addition, certain of the new products that we have under development will be
offered in markets in which we do not currently compete, and there can be no
assurance that we will be able to compete successfully in those new markets. If
we fail to timely introduce new technologies, we may lose market share and our
consolidated results of operations, financial condition, or cash flows could be
adversely affected.

We enter into multi-year contracts with customers
that can impact our results:

We enter
into multi-year contracts with some of our customers which include terms
affecting our pricing flexibility. There can be no assurance that these
restraints will not have an adverse impact on our margins and operating income.

Consolidation of our customers
and vendors can affect our results:  

Customers and vendors
in the foodservice, hospitality and lodging industry have been consolidating in
recent years and that trend may continue. This consolidation could have an
adverse impact on our ability to retain customers and on our margins and
operating income.

14

Our results can be adversely
affected by fluctuations in the cost of raw materials:

The prices of raw
materials used in our business can fluctuate significantly from time to time,
and have increased in recent years. Changes in oil or raw material prices,
unavailability of adequate and reasonably priced raw materials or substitutes
for those raw materials, or the inability to obtain or renew supply agreements
on favorable terms can adversely affect our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows.

If we are unsuccessful
in integrating acquisitions, our business could be adversely affected

: 
As part of our long-term strategy, we seek to acquire
complementary businesses. There can be no assurance that we will find
attractive acquisition candidates or succeed at effectively managing the
integration of acquired businesses into existing businesses. If the expected
synergies from such transactions do not materialize or we fail to successfully
integrate new businesses into our existing businesses, our consolidated results
of operations, financial position or cash flows could be adversely affected.

If we are
unsuccessful in executing on business investments, our business could be
adversely affected:

We are making investments to develop business systems and optimize our business
structure as part of our ongoing efforts to improve our efficiency and returns.
If the projects in which we are investing are not successfully executed, our
consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows could be
adversely affected.

Our business depends on our
ability to comply with governmental regulations:

Our business is subject
to numerous regulations relating to the environment and to the manufacture,
storage, distribution, sale and use of our products. Compliance with these
regulations, as well as changes in tax, fiscal, governmental and other
regulatory policies expose us to potential financial liability and increase our
operating costs. Regulation of our products and operations continues to
increase with more stringent standards, causing increased costs of operations
and potential for liability if a violation occurs. The potential cost to us
relating to environmental and product registration laws and regulations is
uncertain due to factors such as the unknown magnitude and type of possible
contamination and clean-up costs, the complexity and evolving nature of laws
and regulations, and the timing and expense of compliance. In addition, changes
in accounting standards, including the adoption effective January 1, 2007
of FASB Interpretation No. 48 “Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes,
an interpretation of FASB Statement No. 109”, could increase the
volatility of our quarterly tax rate.

Our results are impacted by
general worldwide economic factors:

 Economic factors such as the worldwide
economy, interest rates and currency movements including, in particular, our
exposure to foreign currency risk have affected our business in the past and
may have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations,
financial condition, or cash flows in the future.

Extraordinary events may
significantly impact our business:
  The occurrence of (a) litigation

or claims,
(b) the loss or insolvency of a major customer or distributor, (c) war
(including acts of terrorism or hostilities which impact our markets), (d) natural
or manmade disasters, or (e) severe weather conditions or public health
epidemics affecting the foodservice, hospitality and travel industries may have
a significant, adverse impact on our business.

Defense of litigation, particularly certain types of actions such as
antitrust, patent infringement, wage hour and class action lawsuits, can be
costly and time consuming even if ultimately successful, and if not successful
could have a material adverse impact on our consolidated results of operations,
financial position or cash flows.

15

While we have a diverse customer base and no customer
or distributor constitutes 10 percent or more of our consolidated revenues, we
do have customers and independent, third-party distributors, the loss of which
could have a material negative effect on our consolidated results of operations
for the affected earnings periods; however, we consider it unlikely that such an
event would have a material adverse impact on our financial position.

War
(including acts of terrorism or hostilities), natural or manmade disasters or
severe weather conditions or public health epidemics affecting the foodservice,
hospitality and travel industries cause a downturn in the business of restaurants,
motels and hotels and other of our customers, which in turn can have a material
adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and
cash flows.

We depend on key personnel to
lead our business:
  O
ur continued success will largely depend on our ability
to attract and retain a high caliber of talent and on the efforts and abilities
of our executive officers and certain other key employees. Our operations could
be adversely affected if for any reason such officers or key employees did not
remain with us.