Information in any item of this report as to which reference is made in this Item 1A is incorporated by reference herein. The use of such terms as “see” or “refer to” shall be
deemed to incorporate at the place such term is used the information to which such reference is made. 

The Companies’ businesses are
influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, and that involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual operating results, cash flows and financial condition. 

The Companies have established an enterprise risk management program to identify, assess, and manage its major operations and administrative risks based on established criteria for the severity of an
event, the likelihood of its occurrence, and the programs in place to control the event or reduce the impact. The Companies also have financial and commodity market risks. See “Financial and Commodity Market Risks” in Item 7.

The Companies’ major risks include: 

The Failure to Operate Energy Facilities Safely and Reliably Could Adversely Affect The Companies.

 The Utilities provide electricity, gas and steam service using energy facilities, many of which are located either in, or close to, densely populated public places. See the description of the
Utilities’ facilities in Item 1. A failure of, or damage to, these facilities, or an error in the operation or maintenance of these facilities, could result in bodily injury or death, property damage, the release of hazardous substances or
extended service interruptions. In such event, the Utilities could be required to pay substantial amounts, which may not be covered by the Utilities’ insurance policies, to repair or replace their facilities, compensate others for injury or
death or other damage, and settle any proceedings initiated by state utility regulators or other regulatory agencies. See “Manhattan Steam Main Rupture” in Note H to the financial statements in Item 8. The occurrence of such an event
could also adversely affect the cost and availability of insurance. Changes to judicial doctrines could further expand the Utilities’ liability for service interruptions. See “Utility Regulation – State Utility Regulation, Liability
for Service Interruptions and Other Non-rate Conditions of Service” in Item 1. 

The Failure To Properly Complete Construction Projects Could Adversely Affect The Companies.

 The Utilities’ ongoing
construction program includes large energy transmission, substation and distribution system projects. The failure to properly complete these projects timely and effectively could adversely affect the Utilities’ ability to meet their
customers’ growing energy needs with the high level of safety and reliability that they currently provide, which would adversely affect the Companies. 

The Failure of Processes and Systems and the Performance of Employees and Contractors Could Adversely Affect the
Companies.

 The Companies have developed business processes for operations, customer service, legal compliance, personnel, accounting, planning and other matters. Some of the
Companies’ information systems and communications systems have been operating for many years, and may become obsolete. The Utilities are implementing new financial and supply chain enterprise resource planning information systems. See
Item 9A. The failure of the Companies’ business processes or information or communication systems could adversely affect the Companies’ operations and liquidity and result in substantial liability, higher costs and increased
regulatory requirements. The failure by the Companies’ employees or contractors to follow 

34

Table of Contents

procedures, or their unsafe actions, errors or intentional misconduct, could also adversely affect the Companies. See “Investigations of Vendor Payments” in Note H to the financial
statements in Item 8. 

The Companies Are Extensively
Regulated And Are Subject To Penalties.

 The Companies’ operations require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various federal, state and local governmental agencies.
State utility regulators may seek to impose substantial penalties on the Utilities for violations of state utility laws, regulations or orders. In addition, the Utilities rate plans usually include penalties for failing to meet certain operating
standards. FERC has the authority to impose penalties on the Utilities and the competitive energy businesses, which could be substantial, for violations of the Federal Power Act, the Natural Gas Act or related rules, including reliability rules.
Environmental agencies may seek penalties for failure to comply with laws, regulations or permits. See “Permit Non-Compliance and Pollution Discharges” in Item 3. The Companies may also be subject to penalties from other regulatory
agencies. The Companies may be subject to new laws, regulations, accounting standards or other requirements or the revision or reinterpretation of such requirements, which could adversely affect the Companies. See “Utility Regulation” and
“Environmental Matters – Climate Change and Other Federal, State and Local Environmental Provisions” in Item 1 and “Application of Critical Accounting Policies” in Item 7. 

The Utilities’ Rate Plans May Not Provide A Reasonable
Return.

 The Utilities have rate plans approved by state utility regulators that limit the rates they can charge their customers. The rates are generally designed for, but do not
guarantee, the recovery of the Utilities’ cost of service (including a return on equity). The Utilities’ rate plans can involve complex accounting and other calculations, a mistake in which could have a substantial adverse affect on the
Utilities. See “Utility Regulation – State Utility Regulation, Rate Plans” in Item 1 and “Rate Agreements” in Note B to the financial statements in Item 8. Rates usually may not be changed during the specified
terms of the rate plans other than to recover energy costs and limited other exceptions. The Utilities’ actual costs may exceed levels provided for such costs in the rate plans. The Utilities’ rate plans usually include penalties for
failing to meet certain operating standards. State utility regulators can initiate proceedings to prohibit the Utilities from recovering from their customers the cost of service (including energy costs) that the regulators determine to have been
imprudently incurred (see “Other Regulatory Matters” in Note B to the financial statements in Item 8). The Utilities have from time to time entered into settlement agreements to resolve various prudence proceedings. 

The Companies May Be Adversely Affected By Changes To The Utilities’
Rate Plans.

 The Utilities’ rate plans typically require action by regulators at their expiration dates, which may include approval of new plans with different provisions. The need to
recover from customers increasing costs, taxes or state-mandated assessments or surcharges could adversely affect the Utilities’ opportunity to obtain new rate plans that provide a reasonable rate of return and continue important provisions of
current rate plans. The Utilities’ current New York electric and gas rate plans include revenue decoupling mechanisms and their New York electric, gas and steam rate plans include provisions for the recovery of energy costs and reconciliation
of the actual amount of pension and other postretirement, environmental and certain other costs to amounts reflected in rates. See “Rate Agreements” in Note B to the financial statements in Item 8. 

The Companies Are Exposed to Risks From The Environmental Consequences Of
Their Operations.

 The Companies are exposed to risks relating to climate change and related matters. See “Environmental Matters – Climate Change” in Item 1. CECONY may
also be impacted by regulations requiring reductions in air emissions. See “Environmental Matters – Other Federal, State and Local Environmental Provisions, Air Quality” in Item 1. In addition, the Utilities are responsible for
hazardous substances, such as asbestos, PCBs and coal tar, that have been used or produced in the course of the Utilities’ operations and are present on properties or in facilities and equipment currently or previously owned by them. See
“Environmental Matters” in 

35

Table of Contents

Item 1 and Note G to the financial statements in Item 8. Electric and magnetic fields are found wherever electricity is used. The Companies could be adversely affected if a causal
relationship between these fields and adverse health effects were to be established. Negative perceptions about electric and magnetic fields can make it more difficult to construct facilities needed for the Companies’ operations. 

A Disruption In The Wholesale Energy Markets Or Failure By An Energy Supplier
Could Adversely Affect The Companies.

 Almost all the electricity and gas the Utilities sell to their full-service customers is purchased through the wholesale energy markets or pursuant
to contracts with energy suppliers. See the description of the Utilities’ energy supply in Item 1. Con Edison Energy and Con Edison Solutions also depend on wholesale energy markets to supply electricity to their customers. See
“Competitive Energy Businesses” in Item 1. A disruption in the wholesale energy markets or a failure on the part of the Companies’ energy suppliers or operators of energy delivery systems that connect to the Utilities’
energy facilities could adversely affect the Companies’ ability to meet their customers’ energy needs and adversely affect the Companies. 

The Companies Have Substantial Unfunded Pension And Other Postretirement Benefit Liabilities.

 The Utilities have substantial unfunded pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities. The Utilities expect to make substantial contributions to their pension and other postretirement benefit
plans. Significant declines in the market values of the investments held to fund the pension and other postretirement benefits could trigger substantial funding requirements under governmental regulations. See “Application of Critical
Accounting Policies – Accounting for Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits” and “Financial and Commodity Market Risks,” in Item 7 and Notes E and F to the financial statements in Item 8. 

Con Edison’s Ability To Pay Dividends Or Interest Depends On Dividends
From Its Subsidiaries.

 Con Edison’s ability to pay dividends on its common stock or interest on its external borrowings depends primarily on the dividends and other distributions it
receives from its subsidiaries. The dividends that the Utilities may pay to Con Edison are limited by the NYSPSC to not more than 100 percent of their respective income available for dividends calculated on a two-year rolling average basis, with
certain exceptions. See “Dividends” in Note C to the financial statements in Item 8. 

The Companies Require Access To Capital Markets To Satisfy Funding Requirements.

 The Utilities estimate that their
construction expenditures will exceed $5 billion over the next three years. The Utilities expect to use internally-generated funds, equity contributions from Con Edison and external borrowings to fund the construction expenditures. The competitive
energy businesses are evaluating opportunities to invest in renewable generation and energy-related infrastructure projects that would require funds in excess of those produced in the businesses. Con Edison expects to finance its capital
requirements primarily through internally generated funds and the sale of its securities, including stock issuances under its dividend reinvestment and employee stock plans. Changes in financial market conditions or in the Companies’ credit
ratings could adversely affect their ability to raise new capital and the cost thereof. See “Capital Requirements and Resources” in Item 1. 

The Internal Revenue Service Has Disallowed Substantial Tax Deductions Taken By The Company.

 The Companies’ federal income tax returns reflect certain tax positions with which the Internal Revenue Service does not or may not agree, particularly its tax positions for Con Edison’s lease
in/lease out transactions (see Note J to the financial statements in Item 8) and the deduction of the cost of certain repairs to utility plant for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the
timing of such deductibility (see Note L to the financial statements in Item 8). 

The Companies Also Face Other Risks That Are Beyond Their Control.

 The Companies’ results of operations can be
affected by circumstances or events that are beyond their control. Weather directly influences the demand for electricity, gas and steam 

36

Table of Contents

service, and can affect the price of energy commodities. Natural disasters, such as a major storm, heat wave or hurricane (see “Environmental Matters – Climate Change” in
Item 1) or terrorist attacks or related acts of war could damage Company facilities. As a provider of essential utility services, the Utilities may experience more severe consequences from attempting to operate during and after such events. In
addition, pandemic illness could potentially disrupt the Utilities’ employees and contractors from providing essential utility services. Economic conditions can affect customers’ demand and ability to pay for service, which could adversely
affect the Companies.