Information in any item of this report as to which reference is made in this Item 1A is incorporated by reference herein. The use of such terms
as “see” or “refer to” shall be deemed to incorporate at the place such term is used the information to which such reference is made. 

The Companies’ businesses are influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, and that involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual operating results, cash flows and
financial condition. 

The Companies have established an enterprise risk management program to identify, assess, manage and monitor its
major operations and administrative risks based on established criteria for the severity of an event, the likelihood of its occurrence, and the programs in place to control the event or reduce the impact. The Companies also have financial and
commodity market risks. See “Financial and Commodity Market Risks” in Item 7. 

The Companies’ major risks include:

The Failure to Operate Energy Facilities Safely and Reliably Could Adversely Affect The Companies.    The
Utilities provide electricity, gas and steam service using energy facilities, many of which are located either in, or close to, densely populated public places. See the description of the Utilities’ facilities in Item 1. A failure of, or
damage to, these facilities, or an error in the operation or maintenance of these facilities, could result in bodily injury or death, property damage, the release of hazardous substances or extended service interruptions. In such event, the
Utilities could be required to pay substantial amounts, which may not be covered by the Utilities’ insurance policies, to repair or replace their facilities, compensate others for injury or death or other damage, and settle any proceedings
initiated by state utility regulators or other regulatory agencies. In late October 2012, Superstorm Sandy caused extensive damage to the Utilities’ electric distribution system and interrupted service to approximately 1.4 million of the
Utilities’ customers. See “Other Regulatory Matters” in Note B and “Manhattan Steam Main Rupture” in Note H to the financial statements in Item 8. The occurrence of such an event could also adversely affect the cost and
availability of insurance. Changes to laws, regulations or judicial doctrines could further expand the Utilities’ liability for service interruptions. See “Utility Regulation – State Utility Regulation” in Item 1.

The Failure To Properly Complete Construction Projects Could Adversely Affect The Companies.    The
Utilities’ ongoing construction program includes large energy transmission, substation and distribution system projects. The failure to properly complete these projects timely and effectively could adversely affect the Utilities’ ability
to meet their customers’ growing energy needs with the high level of safety and reliability that they currently provide, which would adversely affect the Companies. See “Capital Requirements” and “New York Energy Highway” in
Item 1. 

The Failure of Processes and Systems and the Performance of Employees and Contractors Could Adversely Affect the
Companies.    The Companies have developed business processes for operations, customer service, legal compliance, personnel, accounting, planning and other matters. Some of the Companies’ information systems and
communications systems have been operating for many years, and may become obsolete. In 2012, the Utilities implemented new financial and supply-chain enterprise resource planning information systems. See Item 9A. The failure of the
Companies’ business processes or information or communication systems could adversely affect the Companies’ operations and liquidity and result in substantial liability, higher costs and increased regulatory requirements. The failure by
the Companies’ employees or contractors to follow procedures, or their unsafe actions, errors or intentional misconduct, or work stoppages could also adversely affect the Companies. See “Employees” in Item 1 and “Other
Regulatory Matters” in Note B to the financial statements in Item 8. 

CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT

31

Table of Contents

The Companies Are Extensively Regulated And Are Subject To
Penalties.    The Companies’ operations require numerous permits, approvals and certificates from various federal, state and local governmental agencies. State utility regulators may seek to impose substantial penalties
on the Utilities for violations of state utility laws, regulations or orders. In addition, the Utilities rate plans usually include penalties for failing to meet certain operating standards. See Note B to the financial statements in Item 8. FERC has
the authority to impose penalties on the Utilities and the competitive energy businesses, which could be substantial, for violations of the Federal Power Act, the Natural Gas Act or related rules, including reliability and cyber security rules.
Environmental agencies may seek penalties for failure to comply with laws, regulations or permits. The Companies may also be subject to penalties from other regulatory agencies. The Companies may be subject to new laws, regulations, accounting
standards or other requirements or the revision or reinterpretation of such requirements, which could adversely affect the Companies. See “Utility Regulation” and “Environmental Matters – Climate Change and Other Federal, State
and Local Environmental Provisions” in Item 1 and “Application of Critical Accounting Policies” in Item 7. 

The Utilities’ Rate Plans May Not Provide A Reasonable Return.    The Utilities have rate plans approved by state
utility regulators that limit the rates they can charge their customers. The rates are generally designed for, but do not guarantee, the recovery of the Utilities’ cost of service (including a return on equity). The Utilities’ rate plans
can involve complex accounting and other calculations, a mistake in which could have a substantial adverse affect on the Utilities. See “Utility Regulation – State Utility Regulation, Rate Plans” in Item 1 and “Rate
Agreements” in Note B to the financial statements in Item 8. Rates usually may not be changed during the specified terms of the rate plans other than to recover energy costs and limited other exceptions. The Utilities’ actual costs
may exceed levels provided for such costs in the rate plans. The Utilities’ rate plans usually include penalties for failing to meet certain operating standards. State utility regulators can initiate proceedings to prohibit the Utilities from
recovering from their customers the cost of service (including energy costs) that the regulators determine to have been imprudently incurred (see “Other Regulatory Matters” in Note B to the financial statements in Item 8). The
Utilities have from time to time entered into settlement agreements to resolve various prudence proceedings. 

The Companies May Be
Adversely Affected By Changes To The Utilities’ Rate Plans.    The Utilities’ rate plans typically require action by regulators at their expiration dates, which may include approval of new plans with different
provisions. The need to recover from customers increasing costs, taxes or state-mandated assessments or surcharges could adversely affect the Utilities’ opportunity to obtain new rate plans that provide a reasonable rate of return and continue
important provisions of current rate plans. The Utilities’ current New York electric and gas rate plans include revenue decoupling mechanisms and their New York electric, gas and steam rate plans include provisions for the recovery of energy
costs and reconciliation of the actual amount of pension and other postretirement, environmental and certain other costs to amounts reflected in rates. In January 2013, CECONY filed a request with the NYSPSC for new electric, gas and steam rate
plans. See “Rate Agreements” in Note B to the financial statements in Item 8. 

The Companies Are Exposed to Risks From
The Environmental Consequences Of Their Operations.    The Companies are exposed to risks relating to climate change and related matters. See “Environmental Matters – Climate Change” in Item 1. CECONY may
also be impacted by regulations requiring reductions in air emissions. See “Environmental Matters – Other Federal, State and Local Environmental Provisions, Air Quality” in Item 1. In addition, the Utilities are responsible for
hazardous substances, such as asbestos, PCBs and coal tar, that have been used or produced in the course of the Utilities’ operations and are present on properties or in facilities and equipment currently or previously owned by them. See
“Environmental Matters” in Item 1 and Note G to the financial statements in Item 8. Electric and magnetic fields are found wherever electricity is used. The Companies could be adversely affected if a causal relationship between
these fields and adverse health effects were to be established. Negative perceptions about electric and magnetic fields can make it more difficult to construct facilities needed for the Companies’ operations. 

A Disruption In The Wholesale Energy Markets Or Failure By An Energy Supplier Could Adversely Affect The Companies.    
Almost all the electricity and gas the Utilities sell to their full-service customers is purchased through the wholesale energy markets or pursuant to contracts with energy suppliers. See the description of the Utilities’ energy supply in
Item 1. Con Edison Energy and Con Edison Solutions also depend on wholesale energy markets to supply electricity to their customers. See “Competitive Energy Businesses” in Item 1. A disruption in the wholesale energy markets or a
failure on the part of the Companies’ energy suppliers or operators of energy delivery systems that connect to the Utilities’ energy facilities could adversely affect the Companies’ ability to meet their customers’ energy needs
and adversely affect the Companies. 

The Companies Have Substantial Unfunded Pension And Other Postretirement Benefit
Liabilities.    The Utilities have substantial unfunded pension and other postretirement benefit liabilities. The Utilities expect to make substantial contributions to their pension and other postretirement benefit plans.
Significant declines in the market values of the investments held to fund pension and other postretirement benefits could trigger substantial funding requirements under governmental regulations. See “Application of Critical Accounting Policies
– 

32

CON EDISON ANNUAL REPORT

Table of Contents

Accounting for Pensions and Other Postretirement Benefits” and “Financial and Commodity Market Risks,” in Item 7 and Notes E and F to the financial statements in Item 8.

Con Edison’s Ability To Pay Dividends Or Interest Depends On Dividends From Its Subsidiaries.    Con
Edison’s ability to pay dividends on its common stock or interest on its external borrowings depends primarily on the dividends and other distributions it receives from its subsidiaries. The dividends that the Utilities may pay to Con Edison
are limited by the NYSPSC to not more than 100 percent of their respective income available for dividends calculated on a two-year rolling average basis, with certain exceptions. See “Dividends” in Note C to the financial statements in
Item 8. 

The Companies Require Access To Capital Markets To Satisfy Funding Requirements.    The
Utilities estimate that their construction expenditures will exceed $6 billion over the next three years. The Utilities may use internally-generated funds, equity contributions from Con Edison and external borrowings to fund the construction
expenditures. The competitive energy businesses are evaluating opportunities to invest in renewable generation and energy-related infrastructure projects that would require funds in excess of those produced in the businesses. Con Edison expects to
finance its capital requirements primarily through internally generated funds and the sale of its securities. In addition, Con Edison Development is evaluating long-term debt financing for the solar projects it acquired in 2012. See “Cash Flows
Used in Investing Activities” in Item 7. The company does not expect to need to issue additional common equity in 2013. Changes in financial market conditions or in the Companies’ credit ratings could adversely affect their ability to
raise new capital and the cost thereof. See “Capital Requirements and Resources” in Item 1. 

The Internal Revenue
Service Has Disallowed Substantial Tax Deductions Taken By The Company.    The Companies’ federal income tax returns reflect certain tax positions with which the Internal Revenue Service does not or may not agree,
including the deduction of the cost of certain repairs to utility plant for which the ultimate deductibility is highly certain but for which there is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility (see Note L to the financial statements in
Item 8). In January 2013, a federal appeals court reversed a trial court decision that had allowed deductions claimed by Con Edison relating to Con Edison Development’s 1997 lease in/lease out (“LILO”) transaction. As a result,
with respect to the 1997 and 1999 LILO transactions, Con Edison expects to record an estimated charge of between $150 million and $170 million (after-tax) in the first quarter of 2013 and has made deposits of $447 million with federal and state tax
agencies. See Note J to the financial statements in Item 8. 

A Cyber Attack Could Adversely Affect the
Companies.    The Utilities and other operators of critical energy infrastructure may face a heightened risk of cyber attack. The Companies have experienced cyber attacks, although none of the attacks had a material impact on
the Companies. In the event of a cyber attack that the Companies were unable to defend against or mitigate, the Utilities and the competitive energy businesses could have their operations disrupted, financial and other information systems impaired,
property damaged and customer information stolen; experience substantial loss of revenues, response costs and other financial loss; and be subject to increased regulation, litigation and damage to their reputation. 

The Companies Also Face Other Risks That Are Beyond Their Control.     The Companies’ results of operations can be
affected by circumstances or events that are beyond their control. Weather directly influences the demand for electricity, gas and steam service, and can affect the price of energy commodities. Natural disasters, such as a major storm, heat wave or
hurricane (see “Environmental Matters – Climate Change” in Item 1 and “Other Regulatory Matters” in Note B to the financial statements in Item 8) or terrorist attacks or related acts of war could damage Company
facilities. As a provider of essential utility services, the Utilities may experience more severe consequences from attempting to operate during and after such events. In addition, pandemic illness could potentially disrupt the Utilities’
employees and contractors from providing essential utility services. Economic conditions can affect customers’ demand and ability to pay for service, which could adversely affect the Companies.