Because of
the following factors, as well as other variables affecting our operating
results, past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future
performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or
trends in future periods. 

Our
engagements with clients may not be profitable. The pricing and other terms of our client contracts,
particularly our long-term IT outsourcing agreements, require us to make
estimates and assumptions at the time we enter into these contracts that could
differ from actual results. These estimates reflect our best judgments
regarding the nature of the engagement and our expected costs to provide the
contracted services. Any increased or unexpected costs or unanticipated delays
in connection with the performance of these engagements, including delays
caused by factors outside our control, could make these contracts less
profitable or unprofitable, which would have an adverse affect on our profit
margin. Our exposure to this risk increases generally in proportion to the
scope of the client contract and is higher in the early stages of such contract.
In addition, a majority of our IT outsourcing contracts contain some
fixed-price, incentive-based or other pricing terms that condition our fee on
our ability to meet defined goals. Our failure to meet a client's expectations
in any type of contract may result in an unprofitable engagement.

Our
ability to recover significant capital investments in certain construct
contracts is subject to risks. Some
of our client contracts require significant investment in the early stages
which is expected to be recovered through billings over the life of the
contract. These contracts often involve the construction of new computer
systems and communications networks and the development and deployment of new
technologies. Substantial performance risk exists in each contract with these
characteristics, and some or all elements of service delivery under these contracts
are dependent upon successful completion of the development, construction and
deployment phases. At December 31, 2007, approximately
$535 million of our deferred construct and set-up costs related to contracts
with active construct activities. We normally
have approximately 20 to 25 active
construct contracts with deferred costs in excess of $1 million. Some of these contracts experience delays in their
development and construction phases and certain milestones may be missed. Therefore,
it is reasonably possible that deferred costs associated with one or more of
these contracts could become impaired due to changes in estimates of future
contract cash flows.

A
decline in revenues from or loss of significant clients could reduce our
revenues and profitability. Our
success is to a significant degree dependent on our ability to retain our
significant clients and maintain or increase the level of revenues from these
clients, including in particular revenues from certain "mega-deal" long-term IT
outsourcing agreements. We may lose clients due to their merger or acquisition,
business failure, contract expiration or their conversion to a competing
service provider or decision to in-source services. We may not be able to
retain or renew relationships with our significant clients in the future. As a
result of business downturns or for other business reasons, we are also
vulnerable to reduced processing volumes from our clients, which can reduce the
scope of services provided and the prices for those services. We may not be
able to replace the revenue and earnings from any such lost client or reduction
in services in the short or long-term. In addition, our contracts may allow a
client to terminate the contract for convenience. In these cases we seek,
through the terms of the contract, to recover our investment in the contract.
There is no assurance we will be able to fully recover our investments in such
circumstances.

Pending
litigation could have a material adverse affect on our liquidity and financial
condition. We are defendants in
various claims and pending actions arising in the ordinary course of business
or otherwise. We refer you to the discussion of "Pending Litigation and
Proceedings" under Note 15 to the accompanying consolidated financial
statements for a description of one of these matters. We are not able to
predict the ultimate impact of these matters on us or our consolidated
financial statements. However, we may be required to pay judgments or
settlements and incur expenses in aggregate amounts that could have a material
adverse affect on our liquidity and earnings. 

If we
are unable to protect client information from theft or loss, our reputation
could be harmed, and we could suffer significant financial loss. As with all IT outsourcing companies, we are vulnerable
to negative impacts if sensitive information from our clients or their
customers is inadvertently compromised or lost. We routinely process, store and
transmit large amounts of data for our clients which includes sensitive and
personally identifiable information, such as Social Security numbers,
healthcare information, credit card and personal financial information. We are
subject to numerous U.S. and foreign laws designed to protect this information.
Loss or compromise of this data could cost us both monetarily and in terms of client
good will and lost business.  In order to reduce the risk of such an incident
and minimize the consequences should one occur, we continually enhance our comprehensive
security program combining industry best practices, specific industry
regulatory requirements, and various global security standards. Notwithstanding
this comprehensive security program, there can be no assurance that we will not
experience a data loss or security breach that would materially adversely
impact our earnings or liquidity.

Our
exposure to certain industries and financially troubled customers may adversely
affect our financial results. Our
exposure to certain industries and financially troubled customers has had, and
could in the future have, a material adverse affect on our financial position
and our results of operations. For example, we are a leading provider of IT
outsourcing services to the United States automobile and airline industries,
which sectors have experienced significant financial difficulties.

6

Impact
of rating agency downgrades. Any
adverse action by Moody's, S&P or Fitch with respect to our long-term
credit ratings could materially adversely impact our ability to compete for new
business, our cost of capital and our ability to access capital. 

Some of
our contracts contain benchmarking provisions that could decrease our revenues
and profitability. Some of our IT
outsourcing agreements contain pricing provisions that permit a client to
request a benchmark study by a mutually acceptable third-party benchmarker.
Typically, benchmarking may not be conducted during the initial years of the
contract term but may be requested by a client periodically thereafter, subject
to restrictions which limit benchmarking to certain groupings of services and
limit the number of times benchmarking may be conducted during the term of the
contract. Generally, the benchmarking compares the contractual price of our
services against the price of similar services offered by other specified
providers in a peer comparison group, subject to agreed upon adjustment and
normalization factors. Generally, if the benchmarking study shows that our
pricing has a difference outside a specified range, and the difference is not
due to the unique requirements of the client, then the parties will negotiate
in good faith any appropriate adjustments to the pricing. This may result in
the reduction of our rates for the benchmarked services. Due to the enhanced
focus of our clients on reducing their technology costs, as well as the
uncertainties and complexities inherent in benchmarking comparisons, our
clients may increasingly attempt to obtain additional price reductions beyond
those already embedded in our contract rates through the exercise of
benchmarking provisions. Also, if we cannot agree with our client on
post-benchmarking pricing adjustments, the contract may permit the client to
exercise an early termination right, which may or may not involve payment of a
termination fee. Such activities could negatively impact our results of
operations or cash flow in 2008 or thereafter to a greater extent than has been
our prior experience. 

The
markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we may not be able to
compete effectively. The markets in
which we operate include a large number of participants and are highly
competitive. Our primary competitors are IT service providers, large consulting
and other professional service firms, applications service providers,
telecommunications companies, packaged software vendors and resellers and
service groups of computer equipment companies. We also experience competition
from numerous smaller, niche-oriented and regionalized service providers. Our
business experiences rapid changes in the competitive landscape, with our competitors
moving operations offshore to reduce their costs as well as increased
competition from offshore providers, primarily India-based competitors. The
competition from India-based companies continues to grow in intensity due to
the abundance of highly skilled workers in the country, a pro-business
regulatory environment and significantly lower costs of labor. Although we have
significantly increased our labor resources in India and other lower cost
locations in recent years, competitors with a greater presence in such areas
may be able to offer lower prices than we are able to offer. Any of these
factors may impose additional pricing pressure on us, which could have an
adverse affect on our revenues and profit margin.

Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or
exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our profitability. We
are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign
jurisdictions. We are subject to ongoing tax audits in various jurisdictions.
Tax authorities may disagree with our intercompany charges or other matters and
assess additional taxes. Our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability
in the future could be adversely affected by numerous factors including, but
not limited to, income before taxes being lower than anticipated in countries
with accumulated tax losses and higher than anticipated in countries with
higher statutory tax rates, changes in the valuation of deferred tax assets and
liabilities, changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles or
interpretations thereof, and the discovery of new information in the course of
our tax return preparation process, which could adversely impact our results of
operations and financial condition in future periods. In particular, the
carrying value of deferred tax assets is dependent on our ability to generate
future taxable income over the expiration period of the tax asset. An
impairment of deferred tax assets would result in an increase in our effective
tax rate and related tax expense in the period of impairment and could affect
our profitability.

Risks
associated with our non-U.S. operations could negatively affect our earnings.  Non-U.S. operations accounted for approximately 48% of
our revenues in 2007 and will continue to represent a substantial portion of
our business. Our results of operations are affected by our ability to manage
risks inherent in doing business abroad. These risks include exchange rate
fluctuation, regulatory concerns, terrorist activity, restrictions with respect
to the movement of currency, access to highly skilled labor, political and
economic instability and our ability to protect our intellectual property. Any
of these risks could result in increased costs or otherwise materially
adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations and may also impede
our ability to expand our international business. 

As of
December 31, 2007, we owned an approximately 61% interest in MphasiS Limited, a
publicly traded applications and business process outsourcing services company
based in Bangalore, India. In connection with this investment, we are exposed
to additional international risks, including being subject to Indian securities
laws and regulations. If we fail to comply with the requirements of the Stock
Exchange Board of India, the stock exchanges upon which MphasiS is listed or
any of the other applicable Indian regulatory authorities, our investment in
MphasiS could be materially adversely affected, and such violation could result
in significant legal consequences to us.

7

Our services or products may infringe upon the
intellectual property rights of others. We cannot be sure that our services
and products, or the products of others that we offer to our clients, do not
infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties, and we may have
infringement claims asserted against us. These claims may harm our reputation,
cost us money and prevent us from offering some services or products. We
generally agree in our contracts to indemnify our clients for any expenses or
liabilities they may incur resulting from claimed infringements of the
intellectual property rights of third parties. In some instances, the amount of
these indemnities may be greater than the revenues we receive from the client.
Any claims or litigation in this area, whether we ultimately win or lose, could
be time-consuming and costly, injure our reputation or require us to enter into
royalty or licensing arrangements. We may, in limited cases, be required to
forego rights to the use of intellectual property we help create, which limits
our ability to also provide that intellectual property to other clients. Any
limitation on our ability to provide a service or product could cause us to
lose revenue-generating opportunities and require us to incur additional
expenses to develop new or modified solutions for future projects.

A material weakness in our internal controls could have
a material adverse affect on us. Effective internal controls are necessary
for us to provide reasonable assurance with respect to our financial reports
and to effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reasonable assurance
with respect to our financial reports and effectively prevent fraud, our
reputation and operating results could be harmed. Pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, we are required to furnish a report by management on internal
control over financial reporting, including management's assessment of the
effectiveness of such control. Internal control over financial reporting may
not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations,
including the possibility of human error, the circumvention or overriding of
controls, or fraud. Therefore, even effective internal controls can provide
only reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation
of financial statements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods
are subject to the risk that the control may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal
controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls,
or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business and
operating results could be adversely impacted, we could fail to meet our
reporting obligations, and our business and stock price could be adversely
affected.

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements

The statements in this Report that are not historical
statements are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements
include statements regarding estimated revenues, earnings, free cash flow,
total contract value ("TCV") of new contract signings, operating margins and
other forward-looking financial information. In addition, we have made in the
past and may make in the future other written or oral forward-looking
statements, including statements regarding future financial and operating
performance (including revenue, earnings, free cash flow and operating margins),
future cost savings, the timing of the revenue, earnings and free cash flow
impact of new and existing contracts, liquidity, future revenues from new or existing
clients, the TCV of new contract signings, business pipeline, industry growth
rates and our performance relative thereto, the impact of acquisitions and
divestitures, and the impact of client bankruptcies. Any forward-looking
statement may rely on a number of assumptions concerning future events and be
subject to a number of uncertainties and other factors, many of which are
outside our control, that could cause actual results to differ materially from
such statements. In addition to the factors outlined above, these factors
include, but are not limited to, the following: the performance of current and
future client contracts in accordance with our cost, revenue and cash flow
estimates, including our ability to achieve any operational efficiencies in our
estimates; for contracts with U.S. federal government clients, including our
NMCI contract, the government's ability to cancel the contract or impose
additional terms and conditions due to changes in government funding,
deployment schedules, military action or otherwise; our ability to access the
capital markets, including our ability to obtain capital leases, surety bonds
and letters of credit; the impact of third-party benchmarking provisions in
certain client contracts; the impact on a historical and prospective basis of
accounting rules and pronouncements; the impact of claims, litigation and
governmental investigations; the success of our cost-cutting initiatives and
the timing and amount of any resulting benefits; the impact of acquisitions and
divestitures; a reduction in the carrying value of our assets; the impact of a
bankruptcy or financial difficulty of a significant client on the financial and
other terms of our agreements with that client; with respect to the funding of
pension plan obligations, the performance of our investments relative to our
assumed rate of return; changes in tax laws and interpretations and failure to
obtain treaty relief from double taxation; failure to obtain or protect
intellectual property rights; fluctuations in foreign currency, exchange rates
and interest rates; the impact of competition on pricing, revenues and margins;
and the degree to which third parties continue to outsource IT and business
processes. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any
forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as may be required by law.