Because of the following factors, as
well as other variables affecting our operating results, past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance, and historical trends should not be used to anticipate results or trends in future periods. 

Our engagements with clients may not be profitable. The pricing and other terms of our client contracts, particularly our long-term IT outsourcing
agreements, require us to make estimates and assumptions at the time we enter into these contracts that could differ from actual results. These estimates reflect our best judgments regarding the nature of the engagement and our expected costs to
provide the contracted services. Any increased or unexpected costs or unanticipated delays in connection with the performance of these engagements, including delays caused by factors outside our control, could make these contracts less profitable or
unprofitable, which would have an adverse affect on our profit margin. Our exposure to this risk increases generally in proportion to the scope of the client contract and is higher in the early stages of such contract. In addition, a majority of our
IT outsourcing contracts contain some fixed-price, incentive-based or other pricing terms that condition our fee on our ability to meet defined goals. Our failure to meet a client’s expectations in any type of contract may result in an
unprofitable engagement. 

Our ability to recover significant capital investments in certain construct contracts is subject to risks.
Some of our client contracts require significant investment, including asset purchases and operating losses, in the early stages which is recovered through billings over the life of the respective contract. These contracts often involve the
construction of new computer systems and communications networks and the development and deployment of new technologies. Substantial performance risk exists in each contract with these characteristics, and some or all elements of service delivery
under these contracts are dependent upon successful completion of the development, construction and deployment phases. At December 31, 2006, we had net deferred contract and set-up costs of $807 million, of which $487 million related
to 20 contracts with active construct activities. These active construct contracts had other assets, including receivables, prepaid expenses, equipment and software, of $574 million at December 31, 2006. Some of these contracts have
experienced delays in their development and construction phases, and certain milestones have been missed. It is reasonably possible that deferred costs associated with one or more of these contracts could become impaired due to changes in estimates
of future contract cash flows. 

Our exposure to certain industries and financially troubled customers may adversely affect our financial
results. Our exposure to certain industries and financially troubled customers has had, and could in the future have, a material adverse affect on our financial position and our results of operations. For example, we are a leading provider of IT
outsourcing services to the United States automobile and airline industries, which sectors have been experiencing significant financial difficulties. 

5 

A decline in revenues from or loss of significant clients could reduce our revenues and
profitability. Our success is to a significant degree dependent on our ability to retain our significant clients and maintain or increase the level of revenues from these clients, including in particular revenues from certain
“mega-deal” long-term IT outsourcing agreements. We may lose clients due to their merger or acquisition, business failure, contract expiration or their conversion to a competing service provider or decision to in-source services. We may
not be able to retain or renew relationships with our significant clients in the future. As a result of business downturns or for other business reasons, we are also vulnerable to reduced processing volumes from our clients, which can reduce the
scope of services provided and the prices for those services. We may not be able to replace the revenue and earnings from any such lost client or reduction in services in the short or long-term. In addition, our contracts may allow a client to
terminate the contract for convenience. In these cases we seek, through the terms of the contract, to recover our investment in the contract. There is no assurance we will be able to fully recover our investments in such circumstances. 

Impact of rating agency downgrades. Any adverse action by Moody’s, S&P or Fitch with respect to our long-term credit ratings could
materially adversely impact our ability to compete for new business, our cost of capital and our ability to access capital. 

Some of our
contracts contain benchmarking provisions that could decrease our revenues and profitability. Some of our IT outsourcing agreements contain pricing provisions that permit a client to request a benchmark study by a mutually acceptable third-party
benchmarker. Typically, benchmarking may not be conducted during the initial years of the contract term but may be requested by a client periodically thereafter, subject to restrictions which limit benchmarking to certain groupings of services and
limit the number of times benchmarking may be conducted during the term of the contract. Generally, the benchmarking compares the contractual price of our services against the price of similar services offered by other specified providers in a peer
comparison group, subject to agreed upon adjustment and normalization factors. Generally, if the benchmarking study shows that our pricing has a difference outside a specified range, and the difference is not due to the unique requirements of the
client, then the parties will negotiate in good faith any appropriate adjustments to the pricing. This may result in the reduction of our rates for the benchmarked services. Due to the enhanced focus of our clients on reducing their technology
costs, as well as the uncertainties and complexities inherent in benchmarking comparisons, our clients may increasingly attempt to obtain additional price reductions beyond those already embedded in our contract rates through the exercise of
benchmarking provisions. Also, if we can not agree with our client on post-benchmarking pricing adjustments, the contract may permit the client to exercise an early termination right, which may or may not involve payment of a termination fee. Such
activities could negatively impact our results of operations or cash flow in 2007 or thereafter to a greater extent than has been our prior experience. 

Pending litigation could have a material adverse affect on our liquidity and financial condition. We are defendants in various claims and pending actions arising in the ordinary course of business or otherwise.
We refer you to the discussion of “Pending Litigation and Proceedings” under Note 15 of the notes to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for a description of certain of these matters. We are not able to predict the ultimate
impact of these matters on us or our consolidated financial statements. However, we may be required to pay judgments or settlements and incur expenses in aggregate amounts that could have a material adverse affect on our liquidity and earnings.

The markets in which we operate are highly competitive, and we may not be able to compete effectively. The markets in which we
operate include a large number of participants and are highly competitive. Our primary competitors are IT service providers, large accounting, consulting and other professional service firms, application service providers, telecommunications
companies, packaged software vendors and resellers and service groups of computer equipment companies. We also experience competition from numerous smaller, niche-oriented and regionalized service providers. Our business is experiencing rapid
changes in its competitive landscape. We increasingly see our competitors moving operations offshore to reduce their costs as well as increasing direct competition from niche offshore providers, primarily India-based competitors. The competition
from India-based companies is growing in intensity due to the abundance of highly skilled workers in the country, a pro-business regulatory environment and significantly lower costs of labor, which may allow these competitors to offer lower prices
than we are able to offer. Any of these factors may impose additional pricing pressure on us, which could have an adverse affect on our revenues and profit margin. 

Market changes may result in decreased profitability. The IT outsourcing market is commoditizing, which is shrinking margins on many of our core offerings. In addition, that market has experienced slower growth
and lower margins in recent years. We are continuing to invest in new service offerings in the higher-margin segments such as BPO and applications development. However, if we are unable to implement our strategies to more effectively compete in such
markets, our margins and profitability could be adversely affected. 

We may not achieve the benefits we expect from our multi-year
plan. We have implemented a multi-year plan designed to make significant changes in the way we do business. This plan includes the development of a new technology platform for the 

6 

delivery of our services which we refer to as the “Agile Enterprise” as well as other initiatives intended to substantially reduce our cost
structure. We have invested significant capital in the implementation of the multi-year plan and will invest additional capital in 2007. Although we believe this plan will enable us to achieve sustainable, profitable growth over the longer term,
there can be no assurance as to the acceptance of our technology initiatives in the marketplace or our ability to recognize a return on our investment. Our ability to achieve the anticipated cost savings and other benefits from these initiatives on
a timely basis is subject to many estimates and assumptions, including assumptions regarding the costs and timing of activities in connection with these initiatives. These estimates and assumptions are subject to significant economic, competitive
and other uncertainties some of which are beyond our control. In addition, service pricing contained in certain of our contracts, including our contracts with GM and the U.K. Government’s Department of Works and Pension, assume successful
completion of our EDS Agile Enterprise initiatives on a timely basis. If these assumptions are not realized and we experience delays beyond those already experienced with respect to certain segments of these initiatives, or if other unforeseen
events occur, our business and results of operations could be adversely affected and there could be a material adverse affect on the price of our securities. 

Unanticipated changes in our tax provisions or exposure to additional tax liabilities could affect our profitability. We are subject to income taxes in the United States and numerous foreign jurisdictions. We
are subject to ongoing tax audits in various jurisdictions. Tax authorities may disagree with our intercompany charges or other matters and assess additional taxes. Our provision for income taxes and cash tax liability in the future could be
adversely affected by numerous factors including, but not limited to, income before taxes being lower than anticipated in countries with accumulated tax losses and higher than anticipated in countries with higher statutory tax rates, changes in the
valuation of deferred tax assets and liabilities, changes in tax laws, regulations, accounting principles or interpretations thereof, and the discovery of new information in the course of our tax return preparation process, which could adversely
impact our results of operations and financial condition in future periods. In particular, the carrying value of deferred tax assets is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income over the expiration period of the tax asset. An
impairment of deferred tax assets would result in an increase in our effective tax rate and related tax expense in the period of impairment and could affect our profitability. 

Risks associated with our international operations could negatively affect our earnings. International operations accounted for approximately
one-half of our revenues in 2006 and will continue to represent a significant opportunity for growth in the IT industry. Our results of operations are affected by our ability to manage risks inherent in doing business abroad. These risks include
exchange rate fluctuation, regulatory concerns, terrorist activity, restrictions with respect to the movement of currency, access to highly skilled workers, political and economic instability and our ability to protect our intellectual property. Any
of these risks could impede our ability to increase our presence in certain jurisdictions or enter new jurisdictions. In addition, these risks could result in increased costs which could materially adversely affect our results of operations.

In June 2006, we acquired a majority interest (approximately 51%) in MphasiS Limited (“MphasiS”), a publicly traded applications
and business process outsourcing services company based in Bangalore, India. In connection with this investment, we are exposed to additional international risks, including being subject to Indian securities laws and regulations. If we fail to
comply with the requirements of the Stock Exchange Board of India, the stock exchanges upon which MphasiS is listed or any of the other applicable Indian regulatory authorities, our investment in MphasiS could be materially adversely affected, and
such violation could result in significant legal consequences to us. 

Our services or products may infringe upon the intellectual
property rights of others. We cannot be sure that our services and products, or the products of others that we offer to our clients, do not infringe on the intellectual property rights of third parties, and we may have infringement claims
asserted against us. These claims may harm our reputation, cost us money and prevent us from offering some services or products. We generally agree in our contracts to indemnify our clients for any expenses or liabilities they may incur resulting
from claimed infringements of the intellectual property rights of third parties. In some instances, the amount of these indemnities may be greater than the revenues we receive from the client. Any claims or litigation in this area, whether we
ultimately win or lose, could be time-consuming and costly, injure our reputation or require us to enter into royalty or licensing arrangements. We may, in limited cases, be required to forego rights to the use of intellectual property we help
create, which limits our ability to also provide that intellectual property to other clients. Any limitation on our ability to provide a service or product could cause us to lose revenue-generating opportunities and require us to incur additional
expenses to develop new or modified solutions for future projects. 

A material weakness in our internal controls could have a material
adverse affect on us. Effective internal controls are necessary for us to provide reasonable assurance with respect to our financial reports and to effectively prevent fraud. If we cannot provide reasonable assurance with respect to our
financial reports and effectively prevent fraud, our reputation and operating results could be harmed. Pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, we are required to furnish a report by management on internal control over financial reporting,
including management’s assessment of the effectiveness of such control. Internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements because of its inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error, the
circumvention or overriding of controls, or fraud. Therefore, even effective internal controls can provide only 

7 

reasonable assurance with respect to the preparation and fair presentation of financial statements. In addition, projections of any evaluation of
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting to future periods are subject to the risk that the control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may
deteriorate. If we fail to maintain the adequacy of our internal controls, including any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or if we experience difficulties in their implementation, our business and operating results could be
adversely impacted, we could fail to meet our reporting obligations, and our business and stock price could be adversely affected. 

In connection with our efforts to improve the processing efficiency of our general accounting
functions, we implemented the SAP accounting system in the United States effective as of January 1, 2007, requiring changes in the processing of general ledger transactions, including journal entries, as of that date. We expect this
implementation to be complete during the first quarter of 2007. With limited exceptions, our other accounting operations had already been using this system. We expect to implement other SAP systems in the United States, including for procurement,
accounts payable and asset management, in the future. In addition, commencing in the first quarter of 2007, we will transition certain transaction and journal entry processing and preparation of general ledger account reconciliations from the
existing accounting workforce to a newly hired workforce in lower cost Best Shore
SM

 locations. We expect these
actions will improve our internal controls over financial reporting by enabling us to conform general ledger processing to a single, global standard and operate a more centralized accounting function. We have taken steps to mitigate the control
risks created by these actions, including establishment of monitoring controls and workforce management and training programs. However, if we are unable to timely and effectively complete these actions, our ability to maintain adequate internal
control over financial reporting could be adversely impacted, we could fail to meet our reporting obligations, and our business and stock price could be adversely affected. 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

The statements in this Report that are not
historical statements are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These forward-looking statements include statements regarding estimated revenues, earnings, free cash flow,
total contract value (“TCV”) of new contract signings, operating margins and other forward-looking financial information. In addition, we have made in the past and may make in the future other written or oral forward-looking statements,
including statements regarding future financial and operating performance, short- and long-term revenue, future cost savings, earnings and free cash flow, the timing of the revenue, earnings and free cash flow impact of new and existing contracts,
liquidity, estimated future revenues from existing clients, the TCV of new contract signings, business pipeline, industry growth rates and our performance relative thereto, the impact of acquisitions and divestitures, and the impact of client
bankruptcies. Any forward-looking statement may rely on a number of assumptions concerning future events and be subject to a number of uncertainties and other factors, many of which are outside our control, that could cause actual results to differ
materially from such statements. In addition to the factors outlined above, these factors include, but are not limited to, the following: the performance of current and future client contracts in accordance with our cost, revenue and cash flow
estimates, including our ability to achieve any operational efficiencies in our estimates; for contracts with U.S. federal government clients, including our NMCI contract, the government’s ability to cancel the contract or impose additional
terms and conditions due to changes in government funding, deployment schedules, military action or otherwise; our ability to access the capital markets, including our ability to obtain capital leases, surety bonds and letters of credit; the impact
of third-party benchmarking provisions in certain client contracts; the impact on a historical and prospective basis of accounting rules and pronouncements; the impact of claims, litigation and governmental investigations; the success of our
multi-year plan and cost-cutting initiatives and the timing and amount of any resulting benefits; the impact of acquisitions and divestitures; a reduction in the carrying value of our assets; the impact of a bankruptcy or financial difficulty of a
significant client on the financial and other terms of our agreements with that client; with respect to the funding of pension plan obligations, the performance of our investments relative to our assumed rate of return; changes in tax laws and
interpretations and failure to obtain treaty relief from double taxation; failure to obtain or protect intellectual property rights; fluctuations in foreign currency, exchange rates and interest rates; the impact of competition on pricing, revenues
and margins; and the degree to which third parties continue to outsource IT and business processes. 

We disclaim any intention or
obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by law. 

8