described in this and other documents we file from time to time
with the SEC, including our future reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K.

You may obtain our SEC filings at our website, www.equifax.com/corp/investorcenter/financials/main.shtml,
or at the SEC’s web site, 
www.sec.gov.

3

PART I

ITEM 1.

                BUSINESS

Overview

We were founded in Atlanta, Georgia, in 1899,
incorporated in Georgia in 1913, and have been known as Equifax Inc. since
1975. We have been publicly owned since 1965, listed on the New York Stock
Exchange since 1971 and are a member of the S&P 500 and certain other
indices.

We collect, organize and manage numerous types of
credit, financial, public record, demographic and marketing information
regarding individuals and businesses. This information originates from a
variety of sources including financial or credit granting institutions,
governmental entities and consumers. The original data is compiled and
processed utilizing our proprietary software and systems and distributed to
customers in a variety of user-friendly and value-add formats. Our products and
services include consumer credit information, information database management,
marketing information, business credit information, decisioning and analytical
tools, and identity verification services which enable businesses to make
informed decisions about extending credit or service, mitigate fraud, manage
portfolio risk, and develop marketing strategies for consumers and businesses.
We also enable consumers to manage and protect their financial affairs through
a portfolio of products that we sell directly via the Internet and in various
hard-copy formats.

We currently operate in 14
countries: North America (the U.S., Canada and Costa Rica), Europe (the United
Kingdom (“U.K.”), The Republic of Ireland, Spain and Portugal) and Latin
America (Brazil, Argentina, Chile, El Salvador, Honduras, Peru and Uruguay). We
serve customers across a wide range of industries, including the financial
services, retail, telecommunications, utilities, automotive, brokerage,
healthcare and insurance industries, as well as state and federal governments.
We also serve consumers directly. Our revenue stream is highly diversified with
our largest customer providing slightly more than 2% of total revenues.

Segment Reporting

We managed our
business and report our financial results through the following three
reportable segments:

·
       North America

·
       Europe

·
       Latin America

The North America
reportable segment consists of three operating segments:

·
       Information Services

·
       Marketing Services

·
       Personal Solutions

Detailed financial results
and segment information are provided in Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. We implemented an
organizational realignment in late 2006, effective January 1, 2007; see
further discussion of this matter in Item 7, “Management’s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations,” and Note 15 of the
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K.

4

Overview

Our strategic
objective is to provide value-add products and services that leverage our
information and enabling technology assets to allow customers to determine the
type of business relationship to have with a particular consumer or business.
These products and services include:

·
       Enabling
businesses to make informed decisions utilizing credit information;

·
       Assisting customers in
reducing the impact of fraudulent activities;

·
       Assisting companies in the
management of their credit portfolios;

·
       Enabling customers to
manage their debt recovery activities;

·
       Enabling customers to
market specific products and services to consumers and businesses;

·
       Enabling customers to
develop marketing strategies for cross-selling other products and services to
their entire customer base;

·
       Enabling consumers to
manage information on their personal credit and financial histories; and

·
       Enabling customers to
comply with federal and state legislation in their customer management and
identification verification processes.

To meet these strategic objectives, we have developed
numerous analytical tools for customers to use in their consumer and commercial
decisioning activities. These activities cover the complete customer life cycle
from consumer acquisition, to relationship management (e.g., up-selling,
cross-selling), to risk management.

Our Predictive Sciences solutions include (1) the
statistical analysis of data, (2) creation of models, (3) integration
of models into decisioning platforms (e.g., enabling technologies) and (4) consulting
with our customers in the formulation and execution of strategies to maximize
revenue opportunities throughout our Information and Marketing Services
businesses. We also sell our services to institutions that may not be customers
for our information services, but will utilize our enabling technology
solutions to make better business decisions.

Our enabling technologies
include products such as ePort, APPLY™, Decision Power, Accel CM, Accel DM,
LoanCenter and InterConnect
®. These platforms are developed in an Application Service
Provider (“ASP”) format to allow for ease of integration with customers’
internal systems and to leverage Equifax’s extensive technological systems and
communication networks.

North America

North America is our
largest reportable segment. During the twelve months ended December 31,
2006, North America generated 80% of our revenue and 85% of our operating
profit before general corporate expense. This segment includes results of our
Information Services, Marketing Services and Personal Solutions operating
segments in the U.S., Canada and Costa Rica.

Information Services

In North America, our Information Services operating
segment consists of the following components: U.S. Consumer and Commercial
Services, Mortgage Services and our Canadian Operations.

Our Consumer Services
products and services are derived from the credit information that
we maintain about individual consumers and are the dominant products and
services in our North America segment. We offer a full range of Consumer
Services
 products in our North
America markets, including credit reporting, credit scoring, mortgage
reporting, risk management, fraud detection and modeling 

5

services, together with
certain of our decisioning products that facilitate pre-approved offers of
credit and automate a variety of credit decisions. Our customers utilize the
information we provide to make decisions for a wide range of credit and
business purposes, such as whether, and on what terms, to approve mortgage or
auto loans and credit card applications, and for identity verification and
similar business uses. Risk management, as well as fraud detection and
prevention services, enable banks and financial institutions to monitor default
rates and proactively manage their existing credit card or other consumer loan
accounts.

Customers of our Consumer Services products and
services access them through a full range of electronic distribution
mechanisms, including direct real-time access, which facilitates instant
decisions for the immediate granting of credit. Customers of our Consumer Services products include banks, mortgage lenders,
financial institutions, telecommunications and utility companies, retailers,
automotive manufacturers and dealers, brokerage firms, insurance companies,
healthcare providers and governments.

Our Commercial Services products and services are derived from our databases of credit and
financial information about businesses. The sale of credit information, scores
and decisioning tools are the primary sources of revenue and are purchased by a
wide variety of customers. We contributed to the creation of Small Business
Exchange, a unique single source of small business credit information in the
U.S. Our Small Business Credit Database includes loan, credit card, public
records data and leasing history as well as trade accounts receivable
performance. Customers utilize our reports to make financial and marketing
decisions.

Our Mortgage Services products, available only in the
U.S., consist of specialized credit reports that combine the reports of the
three major consumer credit reporting agencies into one. Mortgage lenders use
these reports in making their mortgage underwriting decisions.

Our operations in Canada
include our Consumer and Commercial Services product lines, and these revenues
are consolidated on a geographic basis as Canadian Operations.

Marketing Services

Our Marketing
Services operating segment includes our Credit Marketing and Direct Marketing
products and services. We offer a full range of credit and direct marketing
products in the U.S., which provide customers with the tools they need to
maximize and manage their customer marketing efforts, effectively utilize a
variety of marketing methods, efficiently identify and acquire new customers
and realize additional revenue from existing customers. Our Marketing Services
products enable customers to:

·
       Identify, target and reach
the best prospects and customers;

·
       Utilize our accurate and
powerful consumer databases to manage their customer portfolios;

·
       Segment customers according
to particular criteria;

·
       Select from specialty,
self-reported or permission-based direct mailing lists;

·
       Easily access online
customer mailing lists;

·
       Use “what-if” scenarios to
create customized mailing lists online;

·
       Improve their direct mail
response rate; and

·
       Reduce costs associated
with unwanted or unnecessary mailings.

Our Credit Marketing Services products and services
utilize our consumer credit information databases through batch processing to
help our customers acquire new customers for credit relationships and monitor
current relationships, using a variety of products and services including
prescreen and account review services.

6

We provide Direct
Marketing Services products, such as compiled, self-reported and
permission-based consumer marketing databases and services, and integrated
precision marketing tools that enable marketers to identify, target and build
consumer relationships through postal and email marketing. Our targeted
high-quality demographic and lifestyle information lists and list performance
services, which include data enhancement, data quality, modeling and analytical
consulting, facilitate improved direct mail response and increased customer
loyalty. Our products enable customers to target specifically defined market
segments and individuals, and to design more effective and
economically-efficient marketing campaigns. Customers include financial
institutions, insurers, catalogers, publishers, technology companies,
manufacturers and telecommunications companies.

Personal Solutions

Our products give
consumers information to make financial decisions, as well as providing the
ability to monitor their credit information. We offer three monitoring products
for consumers who are concerned about identity theft and data breaches: Credit
Watch™ Gold 3-in-1 Monitoring that provides protection by
monitoring and communicating changes on credit reports at any of the three
consumer credit reporting agencies and Credit Watch™ Gold and Credit Watch™
Silver that allow consumers to monitor their Equifax credit report. We also provide
consumers with credit reports and score products, including the Equifax Credit
Report™ which provides consumers with access to their credit profile and the
Equifax 3-in-1 Credit Report™ that combines reports from the three
nationwide credit reporting agencies into one convenient easy-to-use product.
In addition, we offer two products that provide the FICO
® score, the score used by most lenders when
making loan decisions: Score Power
® a single purchase score product and Score
Watch™, a subscription product that monitors a consumer’s FICO score and shows
correlating interest rates likely to be offered within credit score ranges. We
offer all of our products in both online and offline (print) versions,
depending upon the preference of the consumer. Our products are also available
through relationships with business partners, by providing them the ability to
distribute our products to their customers. Most of our products are available
in the U.S. and Canada.

Europe

The Europe segment consists of our operations
conducted in the U.K., Republic of Ireland, Spain and Portugal. During the
twelve months ended December 31, 2006, Europe accounted for 10% of our
revenue and 7% of our operating profit before general corporate expense. The
U.K. accounted for 88% of the segment’s revenue during the twelve months ended December 31,
2006.

Our Information
Services product line is sold in the U.K., Portugal and Spain. These products
are based on consumer credit records that we maintain. The Consumer Services
products we provide include credit reporting, credit scoring, risk management,
fraud detection and modeling services. Our Commercial Services
 products, such as business credit reporting and commercial risk management
services, are only available in the U.K.

In the U.K., we also provide both Credit Marketing and
Direct Marketing
 products
and services, similar to the U.S. Our core offerings include prospect list
generation for marketing to businesses and consumers, along with analytics
supporting marketing campaigns. We have a limited offering of Marketing
Services’ products in Spain as well. We also offer our Personal Solutions
products in the U.K. under the branding of myEquifax™, a unique online service
for consumers.

Europe customers include
financial institutions, mortgage lenders, governments, utilities and
telecommunications companies, which utilize the information we provide to make
decisions for a wide range of credit and business purposes, such as approval of
loans, applications, verification of identities, account management and other
related business uses. Products are developed to respond to market needs and
opportunities and may include variations of products offered in the U.S.
market.

7

Latin America

The Latin America segment consists of our operations
conducted in Brazil, Argentina, Chile, El Salvador, Honduras, Peru and
Uruguay. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2006, Latin America
accounted for 10% of our 2006 revenue and 8% of our operating profit before
general corporate expense. Brazil accounted for 51% of the segment’s revenue.

Our Information Services product and services line is
sold in each country we serve in Latin America, and our Consumer Services
products and services are the dominant source of revenue in each of these
countries, with the exception of Brazil. We offer a full range of Consumer
Services products, based on the consumer credit records that we maintain,
including credit reporting, credit scoring, risk management, identity
verification and fraud detection services.

We offer our Commercial Services products and services
line in each of the Latin America countries we serve to varying degrees. It is
the dominant source of revenue in Brazil where we are a market leader. Services
offered include credit reporting, decisioning tools and software, and
commercial risk management services for businesses operating in these
countries.

We also offer our Credit Marketing products and
services to varying degrees in each of the Latin America countries we serve and
provide a variety of consumer and commercial marketing services based on our
extensive credit information databases including account profitability
analysis, business profile analysis, business prospect lists and database
management.

Latin America customers
include financial institutions, telecommunications companies, retailers, and
governments which utilize the information we provide to make decisions for a
wide range of credit and business purposes such as credit card applications,
service applications, identity verification and similar business uses. In each
of this segment’s countries, the majority of our customers access our products
and services through a number of electronic distribution mechanisms, including
direct real-time access, which facilitates instant decisions and cross-selling
opportunities. We also sell our various reports and services directly via
branches, websites and mail fulfillment.

Sales and
Distribution

We have a sales organization in each of our
geographical segments. We sell our products primarily through our direct sales
force, although the sales channels used by us can and will vary by product and
service depending on market and business needs. We also sell and market our
products and services through indirect sales channels. In addition, we sell
through direct mail and various websites, such as www.equifax.com- which is the primary distribution channel
for our Personal Solutions products and services.

We primarily distribute
our products and services to customers in all markets through electronic data
interfaces. Our enabling technologies platforms are developed primarily in an
ASP format to allow for ease of integration into customers’ inhouse technology
systems and to leverage our extensive technological system and communication
network. Equifax ePORT™, one of our web-based product delivery channels,
enables us to deliver services to customers via a secure Internet connection.
The success of our Personal Solutions product line is directly linked to
delivery of products to consumers through a secure Internet channel. We will
continue to leverage technology to capitalize on the most efficient, secure and
effective means of delivering products and services to our customers.

Product Development

Our products and services
are based on proprietary technology and databases enabling customers to operate
their businesses efficiently and effectively. We constantly expand our product
and service offerings through internal development, partnering with third
parties and through acquisitions.

8

Data Sources

We rely extensively on data from external sources for
our proprietary and non-proprietary databases. These sources include financial
or credit granting institutions, which provide loan and accounts receivable
information; governmental entities, which provide public records of
bankruptcies, liens and judgments; and consumers, who participate in surveys
and submit warranty cards from which we gather demographic and marketing
information. Our Information Services product line relies predominately on data
received from customers via contractual relationships with vendors and other
commercial enterprises and from various government and public record services.
In the U.S., we also rely on a contractual relationship with Computer Sciences
Corporation, a division of which is a third-party affiliate, to provide us
credit data for consumers residing in certain geographic areas. Outside of the
U.S., governmental data sources are generally more significant to our business.

Our Direct Marketing Services products utilize information
derived from proprietary databases consisting of consumer, lifestyle and
demographic information. This
information is acquired from third-party data compilers or is gathered from
consumers voluntarily reporting information on product registration cards which
they submit via paper, electronically to a third-party or via the Internet to
websites maintained by us. This permission-based information is
generally less regulated and restricted than the credit information that we
maintain. See “Government Regulation” below. These databases provide us with
the opportunity to develop new products to explore cross-selling synergies with
all of our databases. Our Credit Marketing Services products utilize
information derived from the credit-based consumer data that also underlies our
Information Services segments.

The databases underlying
our Information Services and Marketing Services segments include numerous
generalized databases and specialized databases of varying sizes. Some of these
databases are subject to regulatory or contractual restrictions regarding
usage. Our databases are regularly updated by information provided by financial
institutions, telecommunications companies, other trade credit providers and
governments, and we are committed to enhancing, expanding and maintaining the
integrity of the information contained in our proprietary databases. Our
Personal Solutions product line relies on the consumer credit information
databases, which support our Consumer Services products.

Government
Regulation

Data
and Privacy Protection in the U.S.

   Our U.S.
operations are subject to various federal and state laws and regulations
governing the collection, protection and use of consumer credit and other
information, and imposing sanctions for the misuse of such information or
unauthorized access to data. Many of these provisions also affect our customers’
use of consumer credit or other data we furnish. The information underlying our
U.S. Commercial Services and Direct Marketing Services business is less
regulated than the other portions of our business. A significant portion of the
information maintained by our Marketing Services business is voluntarily
provided by individuals, rendering it subject to fewer restrictions on use. It
is our policy, however, to treat all information with a high degree of
security, reflecting our recognition of individuals’ privacy concerns.

These laws and
regulations that may be applied to our business include, but are not limited
to, the following:

·
       The
Fair Credit Reporting Act (“FCRA”), which governs among other things the
reporting of information to credit reporting agencies, including Equifax;
making prescreened offers of credit; the sharing of consumer report information
among affiliated and unaffiliated third parties; access to credit scores; and
requirements for users of consumer report information. Violation of the FCRA,
or of similar state laws, can result in an award of actual damages, as well as
statutory and/or punitive damages in the event of a willful violation.

9

·
       The
Fair and Accurate Credit Transactions Act of 2003 (“FACT Act”), which amended
the FCRA and requires nationwide consumer credit reporting agencies, such as
us, to furnish a free annual credit file disclosure to consumers, upon request,
through a centralized request facility we have established with the other
nationwide credit reporting agencies. The FACT Act includes new requirements
for financial institutions to develop policies and procedures to identify
potential identity theft and, upon the request of a consumer, to place a fraud
alert in the consumer’s credit file stating that the consumer may be the victim
of identity theft or other fraud; new consumer credit report notice
requirements for lenders that use consumer report information in connection
with risk-based credit pricing actions; new requirements for entities that
furnish information to consumer reporting agencies to implement procedures and
policies regarding the accuracy and integrity of the furnished information, and
regarding the correction of previously furnished information that is later
determined to be inaccurate; and a new requirement for mortgage lenders to
disclose credit scores to consumers. The FACT Act also prohibits a business
that receives consumer information from an affiliate from using that
information for marketing purposes unless the consumer is first provided a
notice and an opportunity to direct the business not to use the information for
such marketing purposes (“opt-out”), subject to certain exceptions.

·
       The
Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999, or Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (“GLB”),
which, among other things, regulates the use of non-public personal financial
information of consumers that is held by financial institutions. Equifax is
subject to various GLB provisions, including rules relating to the
physical, administrative and technological protection of non-public personal
financial information. Breach of the GLB can result in civil and/or criminal
liability and sanctions by regulatory authorities, such as fines of up to $100,000
per violation and up to five years imprisonment for individuals.

·
       The
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (“HIPAA”), which
requires reasonable safeguards to prevent intentional or unintentional use or
disclosure of protected health information.

·
       Federal
and state laws governing the use of the Internet and regulating telemarketing,
including the federal Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography and
Marketing Act of 2003 (“CAN-SPAM”), which regulates commercial email, prohibits
false or misleading header information, requires that a commercial email be
identified as an advertisement, and requires that commercial emails give
recipients an opt-out method.

·
       Fannie
Mae and Freddie Mac regulations applicable to our credit reporting and mortgage
services products, and the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act and HUD’s
Regulation X, which requires the disclosure of certain basic information to
borrowers concerning settlement costs and prohibits the charging of unearned
fees and certain “kickbacks” or other fees for referrals in connection with a
residential mortgage settlement service.

We continue to monitor federal and state legislative
and regulatory issues involving consumer data privacy and protection. At the
federal level, Congress has held hearings and drafted or is considering various
bills dealing with data security, identity theft, information brokers, credit
reports, credit score access and use limitations, use of social security
numbers, public records access and class action reform.

A number of states in the U.S. have passed versions of
security breach notification and credit file freeze legislation. A file freeze
enables identity theft victims, or in certain states recipients of data breach
notices or all consumers, to place and lift a freeze on access to their credit
files. A freeze also imposes differing requirements on credit reporting for how
and when to respond to such requests and significant differences in the fees
the agencies may charge for freeze-related actions. State legislatures are
considering various other bills dealing with data security, identity theft,
information brokers, credit reports, credit score access and use limitations,
use of social security numbers and public records access.

10

International Data and
Privacy Protection.

   We
are subject to data protection, privacy and consumer credit laws and
regulations in the foreign countries where we do business.

·
       In
Canada, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (2000)
applies to organizations with respect to personal information that they
collect, use or disclose in the course of commercial activities. It requires
compliance with the National Standard of Canada Model Code for the Protection
of Personal Information, covering accountability and identifying purposes,
consent, collection, use, disclosure, retention, accuracy, safeguards,
individual access and compliance. The Federal Privacy Commissioner is invested
with powers of investigation and intervention, and provisions of Canadian law
regarding civil liability apply in the event of unlawful processing which is
prejudicial to the persons concerned.

·
       In
Europe, we are subject to the European Union (“EU”) data protection laws,
including the comprehensive EU Directive on Data Protection (1995), which
imposes a number of obligations on Equifax with respect to use of personal
data, and includes a prohibition on the transfer of personal information from
the EU to other countries that do not provide consumers with an “adequate” level
of privacy or security. The EU standard for adequacy is generally stricter and
more comprehensive than that of the U.S. and most other countries. In the U.K.,
the Data Protection Act of 1998 regulates the manner in which we can use
third-party data. Recent regulatory limitations affect our use of the Electoral
Roll, one of our key data sources in the U.K. Generally, the data underlying
the products offered by our U.K. Information Services and Personal Solutions
product lines, excluding our Commercial Services products, are subject to these
regulations.

·
       In
Latin America, most countries generally are following the EU data protection
model. This includes consumer data protection and privacy laws and regulations
in Argentina and Chile. There are also constitutional provisions in Argentina,
Brazil, Chile, Peru and certain other countries which declare the right to a
judicial hearing on the use of personal data, and grant individuals the right
to access and correct information in the possession of data controllers in many
of those countries.

These laws and regulations
have not resulted in material changes to our business practices to date, but
have significantly increased our compliance costs. In the U.S., we have seen an
increase in the number of notices resulting from breached third-party databases
and in the number of consumers that contact us following a breach to obtain
their credit files, credit scores and/or use our credit monitoring services.

Intellectual
Property

We generally seek protection under federal, state and
foreign laws for strategic or financially important intellectual property
developed in connection with our business. Certain intellectual property, where
appropriate, is protected by contracts, licenses, registrations,
confidentiality or other agreements or protections. We own several patents
registered in the U.S. and certain foreign countries. We also have certain
registered trademarks in the U.S. and in many foreign countries. The most
important of these is “Equifax” and many variations thereof. These trademarks
are used in connection with most of our product lines and services. Although
these patents and trademarks are important and valuable assets in the
aggregate, no single patent, group of patents or trademark is critical to the
success of our business. We do not hold any franchises or concessions that are
material to our business or results of operations.

We license other companies to use certain data,
technology and other intellectual property rights we own or control, primarily
as core components of our products and services, on terms that are consistent
with customary industry standards.

We are licensed by others
to use certain data, technology and other intellectual property rights they own
or control, none of which is material to our business except for licenses from (1) Fair
Isaac Corporation, relating to certain credit-scoring algorithms and the right
to sell credit scores derived from 

11

them,
which licenses have varying durations and generally provide for usage-based
fees; and (2) Seisint, Inc., relating to a software platform which
facilitates sales by our Direct Marketing Services and Credit Marketing
Services units, which licenses have ten-year terms beginning in 2002 and may be
renewed on an annual basis thereafter.

Competition

We operate in a number of
geographic, product and service markets, which are highly competitive. Our
Information Services products primarily compete with the products of two global
consumer credit reporting companies, Experian and TransUnion, which offer a range
of consumer credit reporting products that are similar to products we offer. We
believe that our products and services offer customers an advantage over those
of our competitors because of the quality of our data files, which we believe
to be superior in terms of depth and accuracy. Our competitive strategy is to
rely on product features and quality while remaining competitive on price.
Experian and The Dun & Bradstreet Corporation are the major
competitors for our Commercial Services products, although we believe we have a
unique database and product for the small business segment of that market. Our
Marketing Services products also compete with these companies and others who
offer demographic information products and services, including Acxiom Corporation,
Harte-Hanks, Inc. and infoUSA, Inc. We believe the Marketing Services
products and services are superior and, in some cases, unique compared to those
offered by our competitors at comparable prices. Our Personal Solutions
products and services compete with similar offerings sold directly by Experian
and TransUnion and also with offerings from a number of resellers of consumer
credit information sold by Experian, TransUnion and us. We tailor our pricing
of Personal Solutions products to the needs of the market, which can change
frequently due to the dynamic nature of the consumer market. We change our
pricing periodically to accommodate new product introductions or other market
conditions. We also compete with Fair Isaac Corporation, Experian and TransUnion
with respect to our analytical tools.

Employees

We employed approximately
4,960 employees in 14 countries as of January 31, 2007. The North America
segment employed approximately 2,680 of these employees, Europe employed
approximately 590, Latin America employed approximately 1,140 and general
corporate employed approximately 550. None of our U.S. employees are subject to
a collective bargaining agreement and no work stoppages have been
experienced. Pursuant to local laws, our employees in Brazil, Spain and
Argentina are subject to collective bargaining agreements that govern general
salary and compensation matters, basic benefits and hours of work. Equifax is
not a party to these agreements. We consider our employee relations to be good.
Information regarding our officers is included in “Executive Officers of the
Registrant” below.

Available
Information

Our website is www.equifax.com. We make available on this
website, free of charge, our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly
filings on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy
statements and amendments to those reports as soon as reasonably practicable
after we electronically file or furnish such materials to the Securities and
Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Other information contained on our website is not
part of this Form 10-K or our other filings with the SEC.

Financial
Information about Geographic Areas

Detailed financial information by geographic area,
including revenues for the past three fiscal years from our customers in the
U.S, and from customers in certain foreign countries, is set forth in Note 14
of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K.

12

Executive Officers
of the Registrant

The
persons serving as our executive officers as of February 27, 2007,
together with their ages, positions and brief summaries of their business
experience, are as follows:

 Name

 Age

 Position

 Executive
 Officer Since

 Richard F. Smith

 47

 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

 2005

 Lee Adrean

 55

 Corporate Vice
 President and Chief Financial Officer

 2006

 Kent E. Mast

 63

 Corporate Vice
 President and General Counsel

 2000

 Coretha M. Rushing

 50

 Corporate Vice
 President and Chief Administrative Officer

 2006

 Paul J. Springman

 61

 Corporate Vice
 President and Chief Marketing Officer

 2002

 Robert J. Webb

 38

 Corporate Vice
 President and Chief Information Officer

 2006

 J. Dann Adams

 49

 President, U.S.
 Consumer Information Solutions

 2006

 Steven P. Ely

 51

 President, North
 American Personal Solutions

 2007

 Rodolfo O. Ploder

 46

 President,
 International

 2006

 Michael S. Shannon

 51

 President, North
 America Commercial Solutions

 2006

 Nuala M. King

 53

 Senior Vice President
 and Corporate Controller

 2004

There are no family relationships among our executive
officers, nor are there any arrangements or understandings between any of the
officers and any other persons pursuant to which they were selected as
officers.

Mr. Smith

has been Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
since December 15, 2005. He was named Chairman-Elect and Chief Executive
Officer effective September 19, 2005 and was elected as a Director on September 22,
2005. Prior to that, Mr. Smith served as Chief Operating Officer, GE
Insurance Solutions, since 2004; as President and Chief Executive Officer of GE
Property and Casualty Reinsurance from 2003 to 2004; as President and Chief
Executive Officer of GE Property and Casualty Reinsurance—Americas of GE Global
Insurance Holdings Corp. from 2001 to 2003; and as President and Chief
Executive Officer, GE Capital Fleet Services from 1995 to 2000.

Mr. Adrean

joined Equifax as Corporate
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer in October 2006. Prior to
joining Equifax, he served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial
Officer of NDCHealth Corporation since 2004. Prior thereto, he was Executive
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of EarthLink, Inc. from 2000
until 2004.

Mr. Mast

 has served as General Counsel since he joined
Equifax in 2000. His responsibilities include legal services, global sourcing,
security and compliance, government and legislative relations, corporate
governance and privacy functions.

Ms. Rushing 

joined Equifax in May 2006 as Corporate Vice
President and Chief Administrative Officer. Prior to joining Equifax, Ms. Rushing
served as an executive coach and HR Consultant with Atlanta-based Cameron
Wesley LLC. Prior thereto, she was Senior Vice President of Human Resources at
The Coca-Cola Company, where she was employed from 1996 until 2004.

Mr. Springman 

has been Chief Marketing Officer since February 2004.
He joined Equifax in 1990 and has held various executive positions, most
recently serving as the head of the Predictive Sciences unit from 

13

August 2002
until February 2004. Prior thereto, Mr. Springman served as Group
Executive, North America Information Solutions from September 2001 until August 2002.

Mr. Webb 

joined Equifax in November 2004 as the Chief
Technology Officer. Prior to joining Equifax, Mr. Webb was employed by
General Electric Corporation from 1996 to 2004, where he held Chief Information
Officer positions for GE Commercial Finance, GE Global Consumer Finance and GE
Energy Services. Prior thereto, he worked as an information technology and
management consultant with EDS and Andersen Consulting.

Mr. Adams 

assumed his current position in January 2007. He
joined Equifax in 1999 and has served as Group Executive, North America
Information Services from November 2003 until December 2006; Senior
Vice President, Equifax North America Sales from October 2001 until October 2003;
and Senior Vice President, Financial Services from February 1999 until
2001.

Mr. Ely 

joined Equifax in February 2004 and is President, North American
Personal Solutions. He served as Group Executive, Personal Solutions from August 2005
until December 2006 when he assumed his current position. From February 2004
until August 2005, Mr. Ely was Senior Vice President of Product
Management and Marketing. Prior to joining Equifax, he was Senior Vice
President, Worldwide Marketing of S1 Corporation from June 2001 until September 2003,
and held senior marketing and software development management positions with
NetVendor, Per-Se Technologies, Dun & Bradstreet Software, Sybase and
NCR Corporation prior to that.

Mr. Ploder 

joined Equifax in February 2004 and is
President, International. Prior to that position, Mr. Ploder was Group
Executive, Latin America. Before joining Equifax, he was employed by MCI where
he had been Vice President, International since 1999. Before that, Mr. Ploder
spent the previous 13 years in the telecommunications industry, primarily in
international management positions.

Mr. Shannon 

assumed his current position in January 2007.
Since joining Equifax in 1992, he has held various executive positions
including, most recently, Group Executive, Europe from February 2002 until
December 2006, and Managing Director, U.K. from July 2001 until February 2002.

Ms. King 

joined Equifax in March 2004 as Vice President
and Corporate Controller. Prior to joining Equifax, Ms. King served as
Corporate Controller for UPS Capital from March 2001 until March 2004
and before that held various executive positions with The Coca-Cola Company.



The following risk factors and other information
included in this Form 10-K should be carefully considered. The risks
and uncertainties described in the subsequent discussion are not the only risks
we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that
we currently deem to be less significant may also impair our business
operations. If any of the following risks actually were to occur, our business,
reputation, financial condition or results of operations could be materially
and adversely affected.

Risks Related to Our Business and Growth Strategy

We
have announced and are currently in the process of implementing a new long-term
growth strategy, and we may not be successful.

We have developed a
long-term growth strategy which includes (1) increasing our share of our
customers’ spending on information-related services through the development and
introduction of new products, pricing our services in accordance with the value
they create for customers, increasing the range of current services utilized by
customers, and improving the quality of sales and customer support interactions
with consumers; (2) increasing our customers’ use of our proprietary
analytical, predictive and enabling technology; (3) investing in and
developing new, differentiated data sources that provide unique value to
customers in their highest value decisioning needs; and (4) expanding into
key emerging 

14

opportunities
via acquisitions, partnerships, and/or internal development, including related
markets in the United States, such as initiatives in the commercial,
collections, and healthcare markets, as well as new geographic markets outside
the United States. If we are unable to successfully execute our growth
strategy, we may not be able to grow our business, growth may occur more slowly
than we anticipate, or our revenues, net income and earnings per share may
decline.

We
may incur risks related to acquisitions or significant investment in
businesses.

Our long-term
strategy includes growth through acquisitions and investments in businesses
that offer complementary products, services and technologies. Any acquisitions
or investments, including our pending acquisition of TALX Corporation as
described in Part II, Item 7, Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations, will be accompanied by the risks commonly
encountered in acquisitions of businesses. Such risks include:

·
       The
financial and strategic goals for the acquired and combined business may not be
achieved;

·
       The
possibility that we will pay more than the acquired companies or assets are
worth;

·
       Unexpected
liabilities arising out of the acquired businesses;

·
       The
difficulty of assimilating the systems, operations and personnel of the
acquired businesses;

·
       The
potential disruption of our ongoing business;

·
       The
potential dilution of our existing shareholders and earnings per share;

·
       Unanticipated
liabilities, legal risks and costs;

·
       The
distraction of management from our ongoing business; and

·
       The
impairment of relationships with employees and customers as a result of any
integration of new management personnel.

These factors could harm
our business, results of operations or financial position, particularly in the
event of a significant acquisition. The acquisition of businesses having a
significant presence outside the U.S. will increase our relative exposure to
the risks of conducting operations in international markets.

Since our revenues
depend to a large extent on our customers’ demand for consumer credit
information, deterioration of current economic conditions may harm our results
of operations.

Although we continue to
take steps to diversify our lines of business, consumer credit reports remain a
core product. In general, our customers use our credit information and related
services to process applications for new credit cards, automobile loans, home
mortgages, home equity loans and other consumer loans. They also use our credit
information and services to monitor existing credit relationships. Consumer
demand for credit (i.e., rates of spending and levels of indebtedness) tends to
grow more slowly or decline during periods of economic contraction or slow
economic growth. Rising rates of interest may reduce consumer demand for
mortgage loans and also impact our mortgage services joint venture. A decline
in consumer demand for credit may reduce our customers’ demand for our consumer
credit information. Consequently, our revenues from consumer credit information
products and services could be negatively affected and our results of
operations harmed if consumer demand for credit decreases.

The loss of access
to credit and other data from external sources could harm our ability to
provide our products and services.

We rely extensively upon
data from external sources to maintain our proprietary and non-proprietary
databases, including data received from customers, strategic partners and
various government and public 

15

record
sources. Our data sources could withdraw their data from us for a variety of reasons,
including legislatively or judicially imposed restrictions on use. We also
compete with several of our third-party data suppliers. If a substantial number
of data sources or certain key data sources were to withdraw or be unable to
provide their data, if we were to lose access to data due to government
regulation, or if the collection of data becomes uneconomical, our ability to
provide products and services to our clients could be materially adversely
impacted, which could result in decreased revenues, net income and earnings per share.

Our
markets are highly competitive and new product introductions and pricing
strategies being offered by our competitors could decrease our sales and market
share or require us to reduce our prices in a manner that reduces our gross
margins.

We operate in a number of
geographic, product and service markets that are highly competitive, as
described above under “Competition.” We currently have a business relationship
with Fair Isaac Corporation to resell their credit scoring product and are also
involved in litigation with that firm arising from our development with
TransUnion and Experian of the VantageScore (SM) credit scoring product which
is competitive with Fair Isaac’s products. Competitors may develop products and
services that are superior to or that achieve greater market acceptance than
our products and services.

The sizes of our
competitors vary across market segments, as do the resources we have allocated
to the segments we target. Therefore, some of our competitors may have
significantly greater financial, technical, marketing or other resources than
we do in one or more of our market segments, or overall. As a result, our
competitors may be in a position to respond more quickly than we can to new or
emerging technologies and changes in customer requirements, or may devote
greater resources than we can to the development, promotion, sale and support
of products and services. Moreover, new competitors or alliances among our
competitors may emerge and potentially reduce our market share, revenue or
margins. If we are unable to respond as quickly or effectively to changes in
customer requirements as our competition, our ability to expand our business
and sell our products and services will be negatively affected.

Some of our competitors
also may choose to sell products competitive to ours at lower prices by
accepting lower margins and profitability, or may be able to sell products
competitive to ours at lower prices given proprietary ownership of data,
technical superiority or economies of scale. Price reductions by our
competitors could negatively impact our margins and results of operations, and
could also harm our ability to obtain new customers on favorable terms.

Our
ability to increase our revenues will depend to some extent upon introducing
new products and services, and if the marketplace does not accept these new
products and services, our revenues may remain flat or decline.

To increase our revenues,
we must enhance and improve existing products and continue to introduce new
products and new versions of existing products that keep pace with
technological developments, satisfy increasingly sophisticated customer
requirements and achieve market acceptance. We believe much of our future
growth prospects will rest on our ability to continue to expand into newer
products and services. Products that we plan to market in the future are in
various stages of development. We cannot assure that the marketplace will
accept these products. If our current or potential customers are not willing to
switch to or adopt our new products and services, such as the new VantageScore
credit scoring product, our ability to increase revenues or improve operating
margins will be impaired.

If we
fail to keep up with rapidly changing technologies, our products and services
could become less competitive or obsolete.

In our markets, technology
changes rapidly and there are continuous improvements in computer hardware,
network operating systems, programming tools, programming languages, operating
systems, 

16

database
technology and the use of the Internet. Advances in technology may result in
changing customer preferences for products and services and delivery formats.
If we fail to enhance our current products and develop new products in response
to changes in technology, industry standards or customer preferences, our
products and services could rapidly become less competitive or obsolete. Our
future success will depend, in part, upon our ability to internally develop new
and competitive technologies; use leading third-party technologies
effectively; continue to develop our technical expertise; anticipate and
effectively respond to changing customer needs; and influence and respond to
emerging industry standards and other technological changes.

We may suffer
adverse financial consequences if Computer Sciences Corporation requires us to
purchase its credit reporting business when the public equity or debt markets
or other financing conditions are unfavorable to us.

In 1988, we entered into
an agreement with Computer Sciences Corporation, or CSC, and certain of its
affiliates under which CSC’s credit reporting agencies utilize our computerized
credit database services. Under this agreement, CSC has an option, exercisable
at any time, to sell its credit reporting business to us. The option expires in
August 2013. The option exercise price will be determined by an appraisal
process and would be due in cash within 180 days after the exercise of the
option. We estimate that if CSC were to exercise the option today, the option
price would be approximately $650 million to $725 million. This estimate
is based solely on our internal analysis of the value of the business, current
market conditions and other factors, all of which are subject to constant change.
Therefore, the actual option exercise price could be materially higher or lower
than the estimated amount. If CSC were to exercise its option, we would have to
obtain additional sources of funding. We believe that this funding would be
available from sources such as additional bank lines of credit and the issuance
of public debt and/or equity. However, the availability and terms of any such
capital financing would be subject to a number of factors, including credit
market conditions, the state of the equity markets, general economic conditions
and our financial performance and condition. Because we do not control the
timing of CSC’s exercise of its option, we could be required to seek such
financing and increase our debt levels at a time when market or other conditions
are unfavorable.

Our international operations subject us to
additional business risks that may reduce our profitability or revenues.

We conduct business
outside the U.S. During 2006, we generated approximately 28% of our revenues
from business outside the U.S. As part of our growth strategy, we plan to
continue to pursue opportunities outside the U.S. As a result, our future
operating results could be negatively affected by a variety of factors, many of
which are beyond our control. Risks that could give rise to incremental costs
in our international operations include: political and economic instability;
changes in regulatory requirements and policy and the adoption of laws
detrimental to our operations, such as legislation relating to the collection
and use of personal data; negative impact of currency exchange rate
fluctuations; potentially adverse tax consequences; increased restrictions on
the repatriation of earnings; and general economic conditions in international
markets. We may not be able to avoid significant expenditures should one or
more of these risk factors occur.

Security is
critically important to our business, and breaches of security, or the
perception that e-commerce is not secure, could harm our business and
reputation.

Business-to-business and
business-to-consumer electronic commerce, including that which is Internet-based,
requires the secure transmission of confidential information over public
networks. Several of our products are accessed through the Internet, including
our consumer and commercial information services that are delivered via ePORT,
our Internet delivery channel, and our Personal Solutions services accessible
through the www.equifax.com website. Security breaches in connection with the
delivery of our products and services via ePORT, our Personal Solutions
website, or well-publicized security breaches not 

17

involving
the Internet that may affect us or our industry, such as database intrusion,
could be detrimental to our business, operating results and financial condition.
We cannot be certain that advances in criminal capabilities, new discoveries in
the field of cryptography or other developments will not compromise or breach
the technology protecting the networks that access our products, consumer
services and proprietary database information.

If we experience
system failures, the delivery of our products and services to our customers
could be delayed or interrupted, which could harm our business and reputation
and result in the loss of customers.

Our ability to provide
reliable service largely depends on the efficient and uninterrupted operation
of our computer network systems and data centers. Some of these systems have
been outsourced to third-party providers. Any significant interruptions could
severely harm our business and reputation and result in a loss of customers.
Our systems and operations could be exposed to damage or interruption from
fire, natural disaster, power loss, war, terrorist act, telecommunications
failure, unauthorized entry and computer viruses. The steps we have taken to
prevent a system failure, including backup disaster recovery systems, may not
be successful, and our property and business interruption insurance may not be
adequate to compensate us for all losses or failures that may occur.

The loss of key
personnel, or the inability to attract and retain highly skilled personnel,
could make it more difficult to run our business and reduce our likelihood of
success.

We are dependent on our
ability to attract and retain experienced sales, consulting, research and
development, marketing, technical support and management personnel. The loss of
our key employees and management might slow the achievement of important
business goals. We may not be able to attract and retain skilled and
experienced technical personnel on acceptable terms because of intense
competition.

We could fail to
adequately protect our intellectual property rights.

Our ability to compete
effectively depends in part on the protection of our technology, products,
services and brands through intellectual property right protections, including
patents, copyrights, database rights, trade secrets and trademarks. The extent
to which such rights can be protected and enforced varies in different
jurisdictions.

We face and could
continue to face claims for intellectual property infringement.

There is a risk of
litigation relating to our use or future use of intellectual property rights of
third parties. Third-party infringement claims and any related litigation
against us could subject us to liability for damages, restrict us from using
and providing our technologies, products or services or operating our business
generally, or require changes to be made to our technologies, products and
services. We are currently a defendant in litigation brought by Fair Isaac
Corporation arising from our development with TransUnion and Experian of the
VantageScore credit scoring product that is competitive with Fair Isaac’s
products, in which the plaintiff has alleged trademark infringement, among
other claims.

Our
agreements with key long-term customers may not be renewed.

We have long-standing
relationships with a number of our large customers. There can be no assurance
that these relationships will continue, due to market competition, customer
requirements and customer consolidation through mergers or acquisitions.
Although our largest single customer represents only slightly more than 2% of
our revenue, the loss of a significant number of major customers could
materially adversely affect our business, reputation, financial condition or
operating results.

18

Our
tax provisions may not be adequate.

Although we believe we
have made appropriate provisions for taxes in the various jurisdictions in
which we operate on the basis of current law, due to possible changes of law or
challenges from tax authorities under existing laws it is possible that the
provision may turn out to be insufficient and this could materially affect our
financial condition.

Risks Relating to
Our Industry

Changes in the
legislative, regulatory and judicial environments may adversely affect our
ability to collect, manage, aggregate and use data.

The credit reporting and
direct marketing industries are subject to substantial government regulation
relating to individual privacy and the collection, distribution and use of
information about individuals. The information and personal data we collect is
subject to a variety of government regulations, including, but not limited to,
those described above under “Government Regulation.” In addition, public
interest in individual privacy rights and the collection, protection,
distribution and use of information about individuals may result in the
adoption of new federal, state, local and foreign laws and regulations that
could include increased compliance requirements and restrictions on the
purchase, sale and sharing of information about consumers for commercial
purposes. This could have a negative impact on our ability to collect such
information provided by consumers voluntarily. Future laws and regulations with
respect to the collection, management and use of data about individuals, and
adverse publicity, judicial interpretations or potential litigation concerning
the commercial use of such information may result in substantial regulatory
compliance costs, litigation expense or a loss of revenue.

The outcome of
litigation or regulatory proceedings in which we are involved could be adverse.

Various legal proceedings
arise during the normal course of our business. These include individual
consumer cases, class action lawsuits, and actions brought by regulators. While
we do not currently believe that the outcome of any such pending or threatened
litigation will have a material adverse effect on our financial position,
litigation is inherently uncertain and adverse developments or outcomes can
result in significant monetary damages, penalties or injunctive relief against
us. Our insurance arrangements may be insufficient to cover an adverse judgment
in a large lawsuit. See Part I, Item 3, “Legal Proceedings” for
information on our material pending litigation.

There may be
further consolidation in our end-client markets.

To the extent that our existing clients merge with or are
acquired by other entities who are not our clients or who use fewer of our
services, such as in the financial services sector, we could be adversely
impacted if the surviving entities use fewer of our services or discontinue use
of our services altogether, or if the number of potential clients is thereby
reduced.

Risks Related to
Our Common Stock

We
have the ability to issue additional equity securities, which would lead to
dilution of our issued and outstanding common stock.

The issuance of additional
equity securities or securities convertible into equity securities would result
in dilution of the then-existing shareholders’ equity interests in us. Our
Board of Directors has the authority to issue, without vote or action of
shareholders, up to 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock in one or more series,
and has the ability to fix the rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions
of any such series. Any such series of preferred stock could contain dividend
rights, conversion rights, voting rights, terms of redemption, redemption
prices, liquidation preferences or other rights superior to the rights of 

19

holders
of our common stock. If we issue convertible preferred stock, a subsequent
conversion may dilute the current common shareholders’ interest. Our Board of
Directors has no present intention of issuing any such preferred stock, but
reserves the right to do so in the future. In addition, we are authorized to
issue, without shareholder approval, up to 300,000,000 shares of common stock,
of which 128,615,662 shares were outstanding as of December 31, 2006,
including shares held by employee benefits trusts.

Provisions in our
articles of incorporation, bylaws, shareholder rights plan, other agreements
and Georgia law may make it difficult for a third-party to acquire us, even in
situations that may be viewed as desirable by our shareholders.

Our articles of
incorporation, bylaws, shareholder rights plan, other agreements and the
General Business Corporation Code of the State of Georgia, or Georgia Code,
contain provisions that may delay or prevent an attempt by a third-party to
acquire control of our company. For example, our articles of incorporation:

·
       Provide for classified
terms for the members of our Board of Directors;

·
       Authorize our Board of
Directors to fill vacant directorships or to increase the size of the Board;

·
       Do not authorize our
shareholders to remove a director without cause;

·
       Do not authorize our
shareholders to cumulate voting in the election of directors; and

·
       Authorize
the issuance of preferred stock with such rights, powers and privileges as the
Board of Directors deems appropriate.

In addition, our bylaws limit the ability of
shareholders to bring business before a meeting of shareholders and do not
allow our shareholders to act by written consent.

We are a Georgia corporation and have elected to be
governed by the “business combination” and “fair price” provisions of the
Georgia Code, that could be viewed as having the effect of discouraging an attempt
to obtain control of us. The business combination provision generally would
prohibit us from engaging in various business combination transactions with any
interested shareholder for a period of five years after the date of the
transaction in which the person became an interested shareholder unless certain
designated conditions are met.

The fair price provision generally requires that,
absent Board or shareholder approval of an acquisition or merger, an interested
shareholder seeking to engage in a business combination transaction with us
must pay the remaining shareholders the same price for their shares as was paid
by the interested shareholder to acquire beneficial ownership of 10% or more of
our outstanding voting shares.

We have also implemented a shareholder rights plan,
sometimes referred to as a poison pill, which could make it uneconomical for a
third-party to acquire our company on a hostile basis.

These provisions could
also discourage or impede a tender offer, proxy contest or other similar transaction
involving control of us, even if viewed favorably by shareholders.